Ambassador Amina C. Mohamed (Cabinet Secretary for Education, Republic of Kenya), Business Leader Johan van Zyl (CEO, African Rainbow Capital & CEO, Ubuntu-Botho), and Leadership Guru Mary Uhl-Bien (Railway Endowed Professor of Leadership, Texas Christian University) will headline a cross-sector conference on Next Generation Leadership hosted by the International Leadership Association and the Albert Luthuli Centre for Responsible Leadership at the University of Pretoria. International collaborators on the conference include The Leadership Collaboratory at the Copenhagen Business School and the Globally Responsible Leadership Initiative.
The conference takes place at the University of Pretoria Leadership Centre and Conference Centre, 30-31 May 2018 and features organizations and individuals from a variety of sectors convening to share actionable ideas and solutions-oriented approaches to creating meaningful change. The conference theme, Next Generation Leadership, calls attention to the need for new multi-disciplinary ideas and collaborative practices and highlights the vital importance of engaging youth across Africa and around the world. The conference focuses on the development of ethical leadership and the capacities needed to fulfil the promise of the UN Sustainable Development Goals. The complete agenda, including detailed information on panels, presentations, and workshops is available online.
South Africa is the perfect venue for Next Generation Leadership where “the complexity of leadership, the practice of leadership, and the evolving theory of leadership is clear, present, and undeniably exciting,” Conference Co-Chairs Prof. Lize Booysen and Prof. Derick de Jongh shared. “South Africa can be seen as a living laboratory — a young, vibrant democracy where experimentation with leadership is seen on a daily basis intentionally and unintentionally. South African society is extremely responsive to leadership success and failures and does not spare anyone (including organized business and government) in a leadership position. For academics, it offers the perfect landscape to debate, investigate, and critique leadership theory and practice.”
The ILA's unique cross-sector, cross-cultural, cross-generational conferences bring together professionals working at the intersections of leadership theory, practice, and education — leadership coaches and consultants, educators and students, scholars and researchers, public leaders and business executives.
“It's really clear we need a different kind of leadership from what we've seen before,” remarked keynote speaker and ILA fellow Mary Uhl-Bien. Next Generation Leadership “marries the challenges facing the world with what we know about leadership development and what we need to do differently to train leaders and prepare them for this kind of world and for the future. I think what people will take away from this conference is a deeper understanding of the kinds of issues that leaders face today and how this applies across many different types of environments.”
Conference registration is available online or onsite at the Conference Centre – Registration area at the University of Pretoria beginning at 8:30 each day. To learn more about Next Generation Leadership, please explore the conference website at http://www.ila-net.org/pretoria
To request media credentials and access to the conference, please visit the Onsite Registration & Help Desk at the University of Pretoria Conference Centre.
Photo: Charlie PA Images / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Queens of the Stone Age want to creep you out.
Josh Homme and company have shared the band's latest music video, “Head Like a Haunted House,” which lives up to its billing with a wild animated clip that plays like a surreal nightmare.
Related: Queens of the Stone Age Announce 2018 Tour Dates
The clip delves inside the dark recesses of Homme's mind, featuring the singer traversing through a series of nightmarish scenarios while trying to sleep.
Homme is seen being terrorized by UFOs, flying through the night sky on winged coffins and being assailed by a disembodied green hand that's permanently flying the middle finger.
“Head Like a Haunted House,” which does contain explicit lyrics, is the latest track from QOTSA's most recent full-length, Villains. Watch the Liam Lynch-directed video at Radio.com.
Analysts said the investors took risk off the table in small and mid caps even as Arabtec registered wider-than-expected loss for 2016 and some felt that the Dh1.5 billion capital increase plan won't be enough to finish off the backlog of the company.
All suspects are considered innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
——————————————
Dustin Jay Kraft, 31, Plainville, was arrested at 1:13 a.m. April 11 in the 1300 block of Vine on suspicion of interference with a law enforcement official.
Rebecca Lynn Pavey, 36, no address listed, was arrested April 11 in the 3300 block of Vine on suspicion of theft.
Cheyenne Rose Sky Martin, 18, Hays, was arrested at 1:47 p.m. April 11 in the 2500 block of Indian Trail on suspicion of domestic battery.
Joshua Steven Winchester, 25, St. John, was arrested at 1:51 p.m. April 13 in the 100 block of West 12th on suspicion of drug possession, possession of drug paraphernalia and driving under the influence of alcohol.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shrewsbury Town boss Paul Hurst admits that the unpredictability of Darrell Clarke has made this weekend's game at the Memorial Ground “impossible to prepare for.”
Bristol Rovers made it six-unbeaten away at Doncaster Rovers last weekend and Shrews boss Hirst is aware of the task facing them on Saturday.
“They are starting to really climb the table and are in good form” said Hurst.
“It's always difficult going there. They get well supported, a big crowd and play with lots of energy. Darryl's not frightened of changing the team around both in personnel and formation.
“I watched their game against Doncaster and they change it round quite a lot within that game, so it's one that can be relatively difficult to prepare for.
“But, we've got to go there and be at our best, be strong, be physical, be up for the game and give everything to try and go away with a positive result.”
Like Rovers, Shrewsbury have added to their ranks on deadline day, Abo Eisa, Nathan Thomas, Sam Jones all joined the club on Wednesday.
Hurst confirmed that their three new recruits will come into contention for Saturday's game, but wouldn't say if they would start.
“I've got to make some decisions” They admitted.
“It may take a while for teams that have made signings to see how they settle down and to see what sides they go with.”
“It's a lot more difficult for me now, but I'm glad because I wanted us to be as strong as possible going into this second half of the season.”
With Rovers in fine goal-scoring form, they will have to be at their best if they're to break down a Shrewsbury side that have conceded just 20 goals all season in the league, the lowest in the whole of the EFL.
Their 1-0 win at Portsmouth last weekend saw them keep their twelfth clean sheet the league this season thanks to stand in goalkeeper; Craig MacGillivray.
MacGillivray came in due to the three-match ban for Dean Henderson and is expecting another stern test against the Gas.
They said: “Once again it will be a very tough game, as every game in this league is”.“I don't know exactly what their run is, but I know they've won their last two, so they will be in good form, good spirits and it's up to us to go there and try and get the result.
“Wherever you go it's always going to be a tough game, but once again we will do our homework, prepare right, as we did today, and give ourselves the best chance of getting three points.
“I'm sure it still stings them from when they got beaten by us at home, pretty comfortably in the end, but we know they will definitely want to come and get a bit of revenge and we need to be ready for that.”
LONDON May 3 Marks & Spencer said it had appointed Jill McDonald, the boss of Britain's largest bike seller Halfords, to run its clothing and home business, freeing its chief executive Steve Rowe to focus on the overall group.
Rowe, CEO for just over a year, has recently seen some success after instigating the latest in a long line of recovery strategies for M&S's underperforming clothing and homewares business.
On Wednesday the company said they would relinquish their clothing, home and beauty accountabilities to McDonald, who will join the company in the autumn. (Reporting by Kate Holton, editing by James Davey)
WASHINGTON — President Trump huddled with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo at the White House on Wednesday as aides across the globe scrambled to nail down final details of a high-stakes summit with North Korea leader Kim Jong-un.
“We're continuing to prepare for the meeting between the president and the North Korean leader," White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said, adding that officials hope it will happen as originally scheduled for June 12 in Singapore.
"As the president says, if it happens, we'll certainly be ready," Sanders said.
After their Oval Office meeting with Trump, Pompeo flew to New York City for a dinner meeting with Kim Yong Chol, a top aide to Kim Jong-un whose plane landed on American soil as the president and their secretary of State met in Washington.
Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol also plan to hold a series of meetings Thursday, according to Sanders.
Meanwhile, U.S. and North Korean negotiators are discussing a potential summit agenda at meetings in the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea. An American advance team is in Singapore, planning the logistics of what would be a first-ever meeting between a North Korean leader and a sitting American president.
While Trump wants to revive the June 12 date, the timing is subject to negotiations. Sanders said that "we'll be ready" if the meeting is scheduled for June 12, and, "if it's not, then we'll be ready if it takes place on July 12th."
More: Trump and aides: We're meeting to re-schedule Kim Jong-un summit
More: Top North Korean official headed to the U.S. to discuss summit between Kim Jong-un, Trump
All this activity comes less than a week after Trump announced they had canceled the meeting because of a series of critical statements from the North Korean government.
In the days since, Trump said the North Koreans have appeared more conciliatory. Kim agreed to a surprise meeting with South Korea President Moon Jae-in, who had also met with Trump at the White House and supports a re-scheduled meeting with North Korean leader.
On Tuesday, Trump themselves tweeted the news of Kim Yong Chol's visit to New York City.
One hitch could follow Trump and Kim all the way to SIngapore, or even prevent a meeting altogether: Differing definitions of the term "denuclearization."
Trump and aides have spoke in terms of a "complete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization" focused on North Korea's weapons programs. The North Koreans speak more about denuclearization of the entire Korean Peninsula, which presume to include the U.S. "nuclear umbrella" designed to protect the region as a whole.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The Planning and Zoning Board (P&Z) unanimously approved an expansion to Napoli Kia, 241 Boston Post Road at its Oct. 3 meeting.
Napoli received a special permit and site plan approval to expand its dealership to the 0.8-acre property at the rear located at 4-8 Clark St. Both properties are in the Corridor Design Development District 1 (CDD-1) and border Washington Field. The approval was based on the project meeting conditions stipulated by City Engineer Gregory Pidluski.
Raymond A. Macaluso, president and owner of the engineering firm of Westcott and Mapes, presented the application on behalf of Napoli Motors. Macaluso told the board that Napoli planned to use the additional property to create 83 paved parking spaces to store vehicle inventory.
“It will not be for display or for people to look at,” said Macaluso.
Macaluso said Napoli has a permit to demolish the 3,300 square foot house built in 1930 on the Clark Street property that was being used as an office building. They said there are no plans to erect any buildings.
The project will include increased stormwater drainage capacity as required by Pidluski. Macaluso said the project would include a buffer zone along the edge of the property that will be 10 feet or 15 feet wide, depending on the location. The property will have a six-foot high vinyl fence along the perimeter. There will be a sidewalk along Clark Street.
The project received two favorable comments from Milford business owners, including Lawrence J. Grillo, who said, “Napoli is first class.” No one spoke in opposition to the project.
Both properties are owned by L&L II LLC, which lists Leonard Napoli Jr. of 241 Boston Post Rd., Milford, as the owner. The LLC purchased the 0.8-acre property on Clark Street for $500,000 on Jan. 4, 2017.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
BBC bosses have been slammed for refusing to apologise for Monty Don's elephant ride – as footage emerged of the animals where they filmed in chains and being beaten.
The Mirror told this week how the presenter has come under fire for visiting Amer Fort, north of Jaipur, India, on an elephant in their Paradise Gardens show, on BBC2 last week.
The BBC declined to comment at the time but have since responded to an animal welfare campaigner who lodged a formal complaint.
It said the production team had carried out an inspection and found no evidence of mistreatment.
But shocking footage of the animals, which are used to ferry tourists to and from the Amer Fort, has since emerged showing the elephants shackled.
A picture of the same animals used at the fort from last year also shows one being attacked by eight men carrying heavy sticks and iron bullhooks.
A tour guide told the visitors who took the picture that the violence meted out was because elephants “act out” in the heat.
(Image: BBC)
In an email to Audrey Gaffney, of Action for Elephants, the BBC said: “We would like to reassure you the team firstly looked into how the elephants were treated.
“They found that there are rules and practices in place to help ensure the well-being of the elephants at Amer Fort and, after extensive discussions, the team were satisfied elephants here were treated well and in good health. They also saw no signs whatsoever of any cruelty in the handling of the elephant.”
But Audrey told the Mirror: “It is unlikely if a TV crew were to inspect the elephant handlers they would openly show cruelty. The BBC failed in its ­objective of balanced reporting.
(Image: BBC)
“It was astounding it allowed the real cruelty these creatures endure not only to be glossed over but to be promoted.”
Will Travers, president of Born Free Foundation, said: “Did they have an elephant welfare expert with them? How do they not get the wider picture, that by Monty doing it and the BBC promoting it, others will follow suit?”
Riding the animal, Monty said: “It's the appropriate way, because it's how the Raja would arrive.”
But many wild elephants are tamed by “crushing”, where they are restrained in a cage and sometimes beaten.
BBC star Nicky Campbell , an animal rights advocate, had hit out , saying: “It's just as we were progressing on informing people of abuse. Utterly appalling. With all the good the BBC is doing too.”
OTTAWA — Health Canada says there were 1,179 medically assisted deaths between Jan. 1 and June 30 this year, accounting for about 0.9 per cent of all deaths nationally.
In the previous six months, the first half-year in which medical assistance in dying was legal, there were 803 assisted deaths, or 0.6 per cent of all deaths.
The department says the overall numbers are consistent with international experience.
Cancer was the most frequent underlying medical condition in assisted deaths, cited in 63 per cent of cases.
The Health Canada findings in its second interim report on medical assistance in dying say the average patient was 73 at death.
While some patients were between 18 and 45 at the time of death, the vast majority of cases involved people aged 56 to 85.
The report says there was a slight decrease in the number of patients dying in hospitals, with more people choosing to end their lives at home.
The law allowing medical assistance in dying went into effect in June 2016.
Since then provincial laws dealing with assisted death have been clarified or expanded and other changes are likely.
"It is expected that how services are organized, delivered and monitored will continue to evolve as data becomes more available and jurisdictions are able to evaluate existing policies and service delivery models," the report said.
A CIBIL score is a number assigned to each person representing their creditworthiness and the number plays a major role in availing a personal loan.
Depending on upong the score, banks consider whether the person is loanworthy and the amount be approved.
TransUnion CIBIL Limited, a credit information company, receives information from banks and other financial institutions about the financial behaviour of their customers and aggregates information to produce a score or number which indicate customers' creditworthiness.
What CIBIL score is required for a personal loan?
According to Bankbazar.com, the minimum CIBIL score for a personal loan is 750. Anything above this would mean that the applicant is creditworthy and applications are processed without hassle.
In general, credit scores range from 300 to 900; 300 being on the lower end of the range and 900 on the higher end.
Personal loans being unsecured, which makes them more risky for banks, a good CIBIL score is main requirement .
A good credit score indicates that the borrower is responsible when it comes to repaying their loans and credit cards.
Click here to read the full story.
In this file photo taken on Aug. 2, 2017, Choi Yun-kyum, then head coach of Gangwon FC, awaits the start of their club`s K League Classic match against FC Seoul at Seoul World Cup Stadium. Choi resigned from their post on Aug. 14, 2017. (Yonhap)
The head coach of the struggling football club Gangwon FC resigned from their post Monday.Choi Yun-kyum made the decision following Gangwon's 2-0 loss to Jeju United in the top-flight K League Classic on Sunday, the club said.Gangwon FC have lost four of their last five matches, slipping from third to sixth in the 12-team league.With 37 points on 10 wins, nine losses and seven draws with 12 matches remaining, Gangwon FC are nine points back of Suwon Samsung Bluewings in third place, the last qualification spot for next year's Asian Football Confederation Champions League.Gangwon FC were among the busiest teams in the last offseason, as they acquired a handful of proven veterans to make a run at the K League title and an AFC Champions League berth.Choi said they felt it was time for a change at the club."We still have a chance to qualify for the AFC Champions League, and I made this difficult decision because the club needed a change," Choi said. "I hope Gangwon FC can make it to the AFC Champions League in a new atmosphere."Choi, who took over Gangwon in 2015, leaves with a record of 44 wins, 36 losses and 30 draws.  They are the longest-tenured and the winningest head coach in the club history.Senior assistant Park Hyo-jin will be the interim head coach for the rest of the season. (Yonhap)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A grief-stricken mum-of-four has described the pain of watching their 10-year-old son die of an inoperable cancer.
Sarah Pullen's son Silas was diagnosed with a malignant and aggressive brain tumour in August 2012.
Their final two years were spent in and out of hospitals enduring intensive treatment before they died just after Christmas in 2014.
In order to both come to terms with their unbearable loss and tell the story of a brave, smiling boy, Sarah has documented their family's struggle in a heartbreaking book.
Within the moving account, they reveal their reaction when the doctor broke the news, the moment it really hit her, and little Silas' last words.
(Image: Dragan Mikki/Sarah Pullen)
(Image: Dragan Mikki/Sarah Pullen)
"There is a moment I wish my son dead," Sarah writes. "I wish for them to be killed instantly in a car crash.
"Can you imagine wishing your child dead?
"It's not something I would ever have thought possible, not until a stranger in a crisp Italian suit and polished leather shoes tells me that my ten-year-old son is going to die in a matter of months.
"That he'll die a tortuous and undignified death that will rob them of their personality long before their heart finally stops beating."
(Image: Dragan Mikki/Sarah Pullen)
(Image: Dragan Mikki/Sarah Pullen)
Sarah said their family's nightmare began when Silas started getting headaches.
"It's August 2012. The sun is shining. Silas is under the weather and over a couple of days has a few headaches," Sarah writes.
"We play cricket in the garden. The shadows lengthen and we come inside. Silas walks into the kitchen. 'What do you want for supper, darling?' I ask.
"I get no reply, so I repeat the question.
"Silas mumbles a few unintelligible words - 'I, I, I...'
"I look up. 'Are you OK?' I ask. My eyes search theirs face.
"'I . . . I can't think,' they say.
"What's your name?” I ask.
"'Si . . . Si . . . Si . . . Si.' Their eyes widen in surprise and confusion.
"'It's OK,' I whisper, although I know it's far from OK. 'Let's go upstairs and lie down on Mummy's bed."
(Image: Dragan Mikki/Sarah Pullen)
Doctors later explained to Sarah that Silas had a "significant mass" on their brain and was seriously ill.
Surgeons managed to remove 70% of the growth, but the rest of it was too close to their motor nerves - cutting it out would have likely paralysed him.
"A few days later we are standing in the hospital playroom, being told there is no hope and that with treatment, our son has 12 to 18 months left to live," Sarah said.
"My mind is far away in a deep, dark place. Ben and I can barely communicate. At one point I say that I am glad I have them by my side, that I don't have the strength for this journey without him.
"Ben's reply cuts me deep, even though I know they don't mean to hurt me.
“'I wish we had never met,' they state simply, as if erasing our history together and mapping out a different life for both of us could remove their agony."
(Image: Dragan Mikki/Sarah Pullen)
(Image: Dragan Mikki/Sarah Pullen)
The family then decided to take charge of Silas' future and give the dark, frightening mass they had seen on a hospital monitor a name.
Silas picked 'Bob' and so Bob it became.
As time passed, Silas' personality began to fade. They stopped being able to walk properly and no longer sounded like himself.
But their mum said they never stopped loving their family.
"At bedtimes they constantly call us back for kiss after kiss," Sarah writes.
"I whisper in their ear as they sleep about how much their mummy and daddy love him. They roll over without waking and says clearly: 'Same - I love them so, so much.'
"A few days into the Christmas holidays we put the tree up and start to decorate it. Silas sits on the sofa.
"He doesn't engage.
"Standing on the top of a ladder, putting the star on the tree, I double over in agony as the realisation explodes inside me. He's leaving us.
"The day after we put the Christmas tree up, I ring the oncologist and say we have decided to stop the chemo. He's not surprised and agrees that it sounds like the right decision.
(Image: Dragan Mikki/Sarah Pullen)
"Silas lies in our bed before breakfast only a few days after we stop the chemo.
"'I love you, Splodge,' says Ben, kissing their cheeks. 'I really love you, Daddy,' says Silas, their eyes wandering towards the window.
"'What about Mummy?' says Ben. 'Aren't you going to tell Mummy how much you love her?' says Ben, nodding their head in my direction.
"Silas's eyes focus on my face lying on the pillow next to his. 'I really, really love you, Mummy.'
"'Ditto,' I say, rubbing their nose with mine. I hold my thumb and forefinger a small distance apart. 'But just a smidgen more.'
"He smiles. Those are the last words they ever speaks to us. Simple and perfect."
Sarah's story is told through exacts from their book, A Mighty Boy: A Mother's Journey Through Grief , by Sarah Pullen, published on August 17 by Unbound.
All of Sarah's proceeds from the book will be donated to The Brain Tumour Charity .
The family also set up a fund after Silas' death.
KINS announces results of Board meeting (KSE) Date: 14 Feb 2017 Board of Directors of Kuwait Insurance Company approved financial results of year ended on December 31, 2016 and recommended the distribution of 20% cash dividends.
WASHINGTON (AP) -- A watchdog report ordered in 2012 by Dr. Ronny Jackson -- President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the Department of Veterans Affairs -- found that they and a rival physician exhibited "unprofessional behaviors" as they engaged in a power struggle over the White House medical unit.
The report, reviewed Tuesday by The Associated Press, suggested the White House consider replacing Jackson or Dr. Jeffrey Kuhlman -- or both. Kuhlman was the physician to President Barack Obama at the time, and had previously held the role Jackson held at the time: director of the White House Medical Unit.
The six-page report by the Navy's Medical Inspector General found a lack of trust in the leadership and low morale among staff members, who described the working environment as "being caught between parents going through a bitter divorce."
"There is a severe and pervasive lack of trust in the leadership that has deteriorated to the point that staff walk on 'eggshells,'" the report found.
President Donald Trump suggested Tuesday that Jackson, their pick for VA secretary, might want to withdraw. Jackson has been hurt by the emergence of allegations about inappropriate workplace behavior, including over-prescribing prescription drugs and drinking on the job.
The inspector general report reviewed by The AP includes no references to improper prescribing or the use of alcohol.
According to the report, Jackson admitted they had failed to shield the White House medical unit from the leadership drama.  They are quoted saying they were willing to do what was necessary to straighten out the command, even if it "meant finding a new position in Navy Medicine."
The report stated that the "vast majority" of those interviewed said Kuhlman had "irrevocably damaged their ability to effectively lead." It added that "many also believe that CAPT Jackson has exhibited poor leadership," but attributed those failures to the relationship with Kuhlman.
The report quoted unnamed members of the White House medical unit who, while participating in a focus group, used phrases like "Worst command ever," ''No one trusts anyone" and "The leaders are child-like."
Jackson was named Physician to the President in 2013, after Kuhlman left the unit entirely.
Trump said Tuesday they would stand behind Jackson, calling the White House doctor "one of the finest people that I have met." But they questioned why Jackson would want to put up with the scrutiny, which they characterized as unfair.
"I wouldn't do it," Trump said. "What do they need it for? What do you need this for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country?"
They said Jackson would make a decision soon.
-- Written By Zeke Miller and Ken Thomas. Hope Yen, Lisa Mascaro, Catherine Lucey, Alan Fram and Matthew Daly contributed to this report.
932nd Director of Inspections, Lt Col. Ralph DePalma, makes a point of clarification regarding an exercise to Senior Master Sgt. Wayne Cantwell, 932nd Inspector General Inspections NCOIC, as they met with their Wing Inspection Team (WIT) members early one winter morning before an exercise event February 8, 2017, Scott Air Force Base, Ill.. (U.S. Air Force photo by Tech. Sgt. Christopher Parr)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.09.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 18:20 Photo ID: 3165360 VIRIN: 170209-F-IB640-018 Resolution: 2558x1920 Size: 1.31 MB Location: SCOTT AIR FORCE BASE, IL, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, DePalma directs the action, by Christopher Parr, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
A lawn is set to be created at a hectic and “very important” gateway of Leeds city centre.
Re-form Landscape Architecture has been drafting proposals for the busy Clay Pit Lane junction.
Designs show a patch of grass, trees and benches are planned at a former subway area opposite Leeds City Council's new Merrion House building.
Clay Pit Lane has been identified as one of the “top 20 projects” prioritised for improvement, according to a council report drafted for members of the City Plans Panel.
It is hoped the scheme to achieve “a significant green space at this busy highway intersection”, according to the report, which adds that it would provide a “reprieve” from the busy environment.
Building is planned at several areas around the junction and Coun Peter Gruen, a member of the panel, last week said they were “frustrated” about the “chaos” of work under way at the location.
“Work has been going on for weeks and months,” they said.
“Somebody ought to supervise this project.
“I can't say in all honesty that it is being supervised,” they told members.
Coun Asghar Khan asked the architect's representative, Andrew Price, what measures were being taken to protect people who would want to use the space from traffic.
Mr Price said that a “natural barrier would be provided by what is created at the site.
The panel considered early proposals for the former subway area in February, and requested that a report be brought forward.
Rand Paul Drops Truth on Colbert By Matt Agorist – The Free Thought Project
Rand Paul went on the Stephen Colbert show this week and proceeded to call out the war on drugs, the police state, and the ominous abilities of the government to spy on you.
Senator Rand Paul caused heads on the left and the right to explode Wednesday night as they went on the Stephen Colbert Show and shattered the stereotype of a typical politician. Unable to steer the direction of the Kentucky senator into the typical left versus right divide, Paul had the audience cheering as they exposed the drug war for the racist fraud that it is while dropping a bombshell on the government's ability to spy on its citizens.
As the show opened up—after Paul talked about the crazy year they had in 2017, being shot at and ‘mugged'—Colbert asked the senator about their stance on marijuana. the reply was nothing short of bombshell and set to expose the horrific nature of the prison industrial complex and its ties to racism and the drug war.
Paul told Colbert that they are all for the legalization of marijuana and supports states and adults making their own decisions in legalizing it.
“Then how do you feel about Jeff Sessions?” Colbert asked, citing Sessions insane renewed war on this plant.
“Imagine Congress, and imagine a bunch of octogenarians who just watched Reefer Madness for the first time in 1937,” Paul said, “and they think it's the gateway to the end of the world, and so they think they should lock these people up…. It's very expensive to lock people up, but it also ruins young people's lives,” and overwhelmingly the lives of brown, black, and poor people.
In that statement, Paul is mentioning what their father has been talking about for years. In spite of drug use being equal among races, black and brown people are disproportionately targetted and suffer far more grave consequences than their white counterparts.
“And one of my complaints about the war on drugs is that four out of five people being arrested are black or brown. It's poor people. It's people that don't have the resources to get a good attorney that are getting arrested. Even though you look at the statistics,” said Paul. “Whites smoke marijuana just as much as blacks or Hispanics. However, if you look at the prisons they're full of Hispanics and African Americans because we disproportionately arrest poor people and there are disproportionately more poor people among minorities.”
Paul then goes on to explain how the drug war ruins lives by making otherwise innocent people unhirable, stripping them of their voting rights, and setting them on a path that is destined to fail.
“It's stark,” Paul said. “You go to our prisons, and then when people get out, you can't vote again, you can't be hired again.”
This revolving door of creating and processing criminals also fosters the phenomenon known as Recidivism. Recidivism is a fundamental concept of criminal justice that shows the tendency of those who are processed into the system and the likelihood of future criminal behavior.
The War on Drugs creates criminals every single minute of every single day. The system is set up in such a way that it fans the flames of violent crime by essentially building a factory that turns out violent criminals. And when cops respond to situations, their training teaches them to treat everyone like they are one of these violent criminals.
“It should be about second chances,” Paul said. “Most of us, for religious reasons, believe people should have second chances. I think the law should give you a second chance.”
Indeed, every single non-violent drug offender should be freed—today—and issued an apology and have their record wiped clean.
Bravo to Rand Paul for pointing this out. However, they aren't done yet. Before the show would end, Paul would explose both the drug war and the American police and surveillance state.
“My biggest concern is over something that [James]Madison said in the beginning of our country. They said men are not angels and that's why we need more oversight of government,” said Paul, paving the way for their bombshell admission on government spying.
“Our intelligence community has the ability to listen to every phone call. Every one of your phone calls could be listened to if they wanted to,” Paul said. “Every one of your emails can be tracked. Who you call and how long you speak can be tracked. Every bank transaction can be tracked.”
“So, continued Paul, “I think because men are not angels and women are not either, there could be bias entering into the intelligence community and we have to be very, very careful that someone gives them a check and a balance. And that check and a balance should be a judge and warrant.”
Thank you, Rand Paul, for standing out in Washington D.C. In a place filled with parasites and criminals, your dedication to freedom and liberty—although not perfect— definitely shines through.
﻿
Source Link – The Free Thought Project
Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives them unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Agorist is also the Editor at Large at the Free Thought Project. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter Steemit , and now on Facebook.
Sharing is caring!
HBO dropped "Fahrenheit 451" on May 12, and fans are praising the all-star cast. But others say the adapted film did not do the book justice. Ray Brandbury's original novel was released in 1953, but reportedly, the film did not hold a candle. "Fahrenheit 451" features Michael B. Jordan and Michael Shannon, but some say even their phenomenal acting chops weren't enough to make the film any good. Is "Fahrenheit 451" worth watching?
PERSPECTIVES
Below is the synopsis of "Fahrenheit 451," per IMDB.
In a terrifying care-free future, a young man, Guy Montag, whose job as a firefighter is to burn all books, questions their actions after meeting a young girl...and begins to rebel against society.
Watch the trailer below, and tell us if you think the film is worth watching or not by voting.
The Globe and Mail's John Doyle writes the film is worth taking a look at:
For all its anger and barefaced rage, this Fahrenheit 451 is a ravishing experience to watch.
New adaptation of Ray Bradbury's Fahrenheit 451 is passionate and angry
I absolutely LOVED the #HBO version of Farenheit 451. With what is happening in American politics and the faux news and deep state mental illness of all Republicans & our fearless leader. . .the film of this futuristic nihilistic America wasnt difficult to imagine-burn the books -- KittynPitty (@KittyAndPitty) May 23, 2018
And the casting was positively brilliant - #farenheit451 -- KittynPitty (@KittyAndPitty) May 23, 2018
Watching Farenheit451 A very awesome movie. Interesting and Thrilling! Critics will have you raving about @michaelb4jordan A must-watch!!! @HBO @IISuperwomanII pic.twitter.com/nDu3kJ7dov -- Nicolas Deso (Nico) (@NicolasDeso) May 23, 2018
But Flixist's Jesse Lab has shared harsh words about the film:
I'm going to cut right to the chase with Fahrenheit 451 because it's the worst kind of movie to talk about. It's a boring movie. It's a movie with no bite to it, no edge whatsoever. Oh sure, it may be technically competent and follows an understandable plot, but the movie does nothing to actually make its source material stand out or shine. It commits the worst sin that an adaptation can do; it makes you doubt if the original book was any good to begin with.
Review: Fahrenheit 451
I WATCHED #farenheit451 LAST NIGHT AND I WAS NOT A FAN OF IT... I AM AWARE THAT ITS A BOOK AND FROM WHAT I'VE READ THE BOOK IS FAR MUCH BETTER. THE PLOT IS GOOD BUT FEEL LIKE THE MOVIE WASNT PUT WELL TOGETHER. HAD POTENTIAL THO #MOVIE #HBOFilms #HBO -- George De Leon (@Credo03) May 23, 2018
Finally seen #Farenheit451. Average at best. Twitter hype would make anyone think it's a 9/10 -- - Akpanson (@KendoOnPoint) May 23, 2018
#Fahrenheit451 so disappointing [?] [?] [?] Glad I read the book [?] pic.twitter.com/SRg7XLbW7o -- Niesha Wright (@nwright1116) May 20, 2018
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news, current events and pop culture. We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them. We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress. The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts, literally. The Tylt is an Advance Digital, Inc. property. Join us on Twitter @TheTylt or on Facebook, we'd love to hear what you have to say.
New Delhi: India's U-17 chief coach Luis Norton de Matos has said the 1-1 draw with Chile in the recently-held Four-Nation Tournament showed that it is possible to achieve success in the upcoming FIFA World Cup.
The Indian Colts came from a goal down to hold Chile after being reduced to 10 men in Mexico City.
"Chile are one of the best Teams in South American and it was a very important result for us (India)," Matos said.
"It showed that despite having started far away from the objective of the tournament in relation to other teams, it is possible for us to achieve success."
Chile had taken the lead in the 40th minute but Nongdamba Naorem's 82nd minute strike equalised proceedings.
Shortly after, Aniket was sent off in the 84th minute. Despite being, a man down the Indian Colts pressed for the decisive goal but could not find any as the full-time scoreline read 1-1.
"It is fundamental to believe in the process of practicing, maintaining their humility, enduring sacrifice and at the same time being fearless of facing any team in the world.
"But there is still a long way to go and we will keep working hard," Matos stated.
The coach of the Chile U-17 side, Hernan Caputto also showered praise on the playing style of the Indian Colts.
"It was a very difficult match, the way India approached the match was very interesting," Caputto had said.
"We started 1-0, we had some chances, but India came out and started putting pressure on us with very fast transitions and in a counterattack they scored.
"It was deserving, India is a team that will compete and will make their country proud, you can tell there is a lot of work from Luis and what they have achieved with the players," Caputto conclude
STOP BULLYING! This makes me sick to my stomach. Parents, students…EVERYONE needs to really work together to STOP this nonsense. We ALL need to take better care of each other.
A Tennessee middle schooler has put a face on bullying that is resonating far and wide.
Keaton Jones sobbed as their mom shot cellphone video of the boy, who described how their classmates had abused them by, among other things, pouring milk on him.
Lots of celebs have started to repost the video with kind messages
Full story HERE.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Usain Bolt is to spend a week training with Norwegian top-flight side Stromsgodset.
The eight-time Olympic gold medallist trained with the team for the first time on Wednesday and is due to play a training match against Norway Under-19s next Tuesday, the club said.
The Jamaican sprinter, who retired after last year's World Championships in London, has already trained with German side Borussia Dortmund and South African club Mamelodi Sundowns this year.
Bolt, a Puma ambassador, was accompanied in Norway by the company's chief executive Bjorn Gulden, a former Stromsgodset player. Puma are the club's kit supplier and Stromsgodset said the link-up with Bolt was down to their relationship with the company.
The club's sporting director, former Norway striker Jostein Flo, said on Stromsgodset's website: "We think it's amazingly fun that Usain Bolt chooses to come here to Stromsgodset to train.
(Image: Alexandre Simoes/Borussia Dortmund/Getty Images)
(Image: REUTERS)
"He is a champion, one of the greatest athletes of all time and, of course, we can learn a lot from him.
"Usain Bolt is furthermore a particularly charismatic and energetic type and their presence will undoubtedly be a great inspiration for players, coaches and the whole club.
"We want them to be given the opportunity to play in the training match.  They are a good football player, otherwise they would not be training with us."
Stromsgodset were Norwegian champions in 2013.
An enormous bridge project over the Massachusetts Turnpike in Boston will delay the opening of Commonwealth Avenue, a major thoroughfare in the city, as construction crews continue to work on final details.
All four lanes of the Mass. Turnpike remain open, according to the Mass. Department of Transportation. But two major streets - Commonwealth Avenue and the Boston University Bridge - will both remain closed until sometime later this week.
Massachusetts Turnpike traffic prompts hundreds to take commuter rail Monday
Transportation officials originally said the Green Line "B" Branch would be restored to full operations by Monday, but the delayed street openings mean the MBTA will continue to use shuttle buses until mid-week (it is unclear on which day the roads are expected to open).
All Massachusetts Turnpike lanes reopen Monday, weeks ahead of schedule
In a statement, MassDOT says final construction details, such as placing rail and grout, took longer than planned due to rain delays. Crews reportedly worked 24 hours on Sunday to place new concrete areas, which need to sit for another 24 hours.
Prior to Monday, crews reached construction milestones earlier than expected. On the Massachusetts Turnpike, which transportation officials warned would see "hellish" traffic throughout August, construction wrapped up three weeks earlier than anticipated.
A SEX attacker subjected a woman to a violent rape in front of their bed-bound husband in a "degrading" assault after forcing their way into their flat in Leeds.
Graham Smith was handed an 18-year sentence after they assaulted the vulnerable during the "cruel and shameless" prolonged attack.
Leeds Crown Court was shown horrifying CCTV footage of Smith entering the flat complex where the victims lived and carrying out part of the sex attack on the woman in the foyer.
Heather Gilmore, prosecuting, said homeless Smith was heavily drunk when they committed the offences.
The court heard the couple had learning difficulties and the husband was bed-bound as they had a number of health problems.
Smith was filmed entering the flats shortly after 5am on August 13 last year.
Ms Gilmore said Smith knocked on the door to their flat and the woman, in their late 50s, answered the door in their pyjamas.
The court was shown footage of Smith grabbing the woman and forcing them to remove them clothes.
They also kicked, slapped and put their hands around their neck as they were on the ground.
Smith continued the attack inside the property.
They hit the husband over the head as they lay in bed.
Smith continued to sexually assault the woman and raped them on the bed.
Ms Gilmore said their husband was powerless to intervene.
The woman managed to get to a phone and call police during the ordeal but Smith pulled it away from them
Police officers were sent to the flat after an operator could hear screaming before the line went dead.
The woman ran to the officers when they arrived and said: "Please help me, they are hurting me and they are hurting my husband."
Smith was still in the flat and was sat next their husband on the bed.
They were drunk, slurring their words and claimed they were only at the flat to fix the couple's freeview box.
After their arrest they told police they had hepatitis.
Ms Gilmore said the woman was tested for the infection but the results were negative.
Smith was linked to the sex attacks through DNA evidence.
Smith, of Alexandra Road, Hyde Park, Leeds, pleaded guilty to two offences of rape, assault by penetration and two offences of assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Charles Blatchford, mitigating, said Smith had admitted the offences two days before a trial was due to begin.
Mr Blatchford said Smith had been shocked when shown footage of themselves attacking the woman.
The barrister said their client had said: "Oh god that is terrible. Turn it off, I feel sick. That poor woman, I'm sorry."
Smith was given an extended prison sentence totalling 18 years. They must serve a custodial term of 13 years followed by a further five years on licence.
Recorder Abdul Iqbal, QC, said: "These were cruel and shameless crimes committed against two vulnerable victims in their own home who had little opportunity to protect themselves.
"The impact upon them has been profound - that cannot be understated.
"You, on the other hand, could not care less. You have no, or very little, insight in to this offending.
"The harm you have caused is immeasurable."
× Route 125 Closed in Schuylkill County Following Road Collapse
FRAILEY TOWNSHIP — Route 125 in Schuylkill County is closed Friday night following a road collapse.
Officials tell WNEP the road collapse, which happened just before 9 p.m., affected both lanes and shoulders of the road.
Route 125 is closed between Donaldson and Good Springs.
PennDOT is working to fix the collapse.
The road is closed until further notice in Schuylkill County.
The Troll oil and gas field is the most prolific field on the Norwegian continental shelf (NCS), with more than half of its reserves still remaining after over 20 years of production. The initial development was carried out over two phases, and now Equinor is starting the Phase 3 development to recover the large amount of gas resources in the western part of the field. Nexans will play a vital role in the Troll Phase 3 project by supplying Equinor with the complex umbilicals required to power and control the subsea systems.
Phase 3 of the Troll project covers the development of the Troll West structure, which lies in water depths of approximately 330 meters and is located 25 kilometers north-west of the Troll A platform. The subsea production systems will comprise two subsea templates or manifolds, as well as nine trees. Each manifold is expected to have four well slots. A total of eight production wells will be drilled and tied-back to the Troll A platform in order to recover the gas reserves. First gas is expected from the project in the second quarter of 2021.
For the Troll Phase 3 development Nexans Norway will design, manufacture and supply static umbilicals that include high voltage power elements, high-pressure hydraulic lines, low-pressure hydraulic lines, a MEG (methanol and glycol) service line for chemical injection, a spare line and fiber-optic communications – all within a single cross-section. A 20 kilometer umbilical will link the Troll A platform to Template W1, while a 7 kilometer umbilical will then link Template W1 to Template W2. The contract also includes the supply of connections, terminations and other umbilical accessories.
Nexans offered Equinor a total ‘made in Norway' approach to the contract with the electrical and fiber optic elements manufactured at the Nexans Norway facility in Rognan, North Norway, while the complete umbilical system will be developed, manufactured and tested at Nexans Norway plant in Halden, Norway.
Vincent Dessale, Nexans Senior Executive Vice President Subsea and Land Systems Business Group, said: “Nexans has established an impressive track record in delivering umbilical projects for the Norwegian continental shelf and we look forward to continuing our long-standing relationship with Equinor by delivering this key contract for Troll Phase 3".
Nexans is scheduled to deliver the Troll Phase 3 umbilicals in the first quarter of 2020.
AnimeMojo's sister site Gamefragger is reporting that those who are still looking to capture all of the legendary birds in Pokémon Go will get until the end of the month to get them.The rare legendary birds Articuno, Moltres, Lugia, and Zapdos have only been available a week at a time over the past three weeks. Now, according to Gamefragger, the birds can be caught in the wild until August 31st. They were previously only available through the games raids.Gamers should still expect a challenge when confronted with any of the legendaries. It will take a lot of Pokeballs to catch one, unless luck is involved of coures. The capture rates were raised by the developers for Articuno, Moltres, and Zapdos, but Lugia is still extremely hard to catch with a 2% chance.There are rumors circulating that they won't be available after the 31st, but it is hard to imagine that the developers would be that harsh to the games followers who haven't caught them. After all, their motto is "gotta catch them all."That wasn't the onlyannouncement today either. The games devs announced that a special exclusive raid has opened up for gamers to catch Mewtwo, but the raid is invite only. Stay tuned for more announcements on how to get score an invite!
About Pokémon GO:
Pokémon Go is a free-to-play, location-based augmented reality game developed by Niantic for iOS and Android devices.
OTTAWA - Days after it was unveiled, the space for the dedication plaque at the National Holocaust Monument is empty, marked only by boltholes.
The plaque's now in for a rewrite, after failing to mention Jews or the Jewish people, the prime targets of the Second World War genocide.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dedicated the monument last week and complaints about the original plaque were quick to come.
Martin Sampson, of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, says the wording was noticed immediately and the government acknowledged the error.
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
Electrical and mechanical work on all the 11 elevated stations along package-I of Lahore Orange Line Metro Train's track has been started by the Chinese contractor CR-NORINCO after the grey structure of these stations had been completed by the local contractor Habib Construction Services. Construction of a bridge on railway yard near Parachute Colony was also in full swing for providing a passage to the train through this area.
Khawaja Ahmad Haassan, Chairman of steering committee for the project, disclosed this during the weekly progress review meeting held here on Wednesday.
They said that launching of U-tub girders for construction of elevated track from Chouburji to Ali Town, Rai Wind Road will start from on Thursday (today). Construction of a new storm water drain from Haji Camp at Nichelson Road to river Ravi, at a cost of Rs. 2.4 billion, has also kicked off which would be completed within six months. The drain will be constructed underground and digging work for this purpose has been started at Punjab University ground at Lake Road.
The meeting was informed that 70.30 per cent of the civil work on Lahore Orange Line Metro Train Project has so far been completed.
Progress on package-I from Dera Gujjaran, G.T.Road to Chouburji was 83.20 per cent, on package-II from Choburji to Ali Town was 51.5 per cent, on Depot near Dera Gujran was 75 per cent while on Stabling Yard near Ali Town it was 71 per cent.
Khawaja Ahmad Haassan, directed for immediately starting horticulture work along the track of metro train besides finalizing construction work of the four schools, that had been affected by the construction activity of this project, during the current summer vacations.
They directed for avoiding electricity shut downs during the last 10 days of the holy month of Ramazan so that LESCO could ensure uninterrupted supply of electricity to the people.
Vice Chairman WASA Ch Shahbaz, Senior Deputy Mayor Nazir Khan Sawati, Chief Engineer LDA Asrar Saeed, General Manager Punjab Mass Transit Authority Syed Ozair Shah, Chief Engineer TEPA Saif-ur-Rehman, senior officials of NESPAK, LESCO, WASA, PTCL, SUI GAS, Traffic Police, Railways, Rescue 1122, Civil Defence, Chinese Contractor, CR- NOROINCO, Representatives of Chinese Engineering Consultant and Local Contractors of the project were also present on the occasion.
Ronald Butler, 65, of Hebron, Ky. passed away Wednesday, February 1, 2017 at St. Elizabeth Hospital in Edgewood, Ky.
In addition to their father, Erwin Butler, they are preceded in death by son David Butler.
 They are survived by mother Patsy Williams, wife, Christine Frommell Butler, son Ronald, Michael Butler, daughter, Kara Foreman,.
Graveside services were held on Sunday, February 5, 2017 at the Butler Cemetery in Butler, Ky. under the direction of Peoples Funeral Home.
Online condolences can be placed at www.peoplesfuneralhomes.com.
THE NBL has cracked down on coaches rubbishing referees, with Adelaide 36ers mentor Joey Wright set to be reprimanded today.
The Herald Sun has established the league will hit the 36ers coach with a fine and suspended two-game ban for comments made after the grand final series opener in Melbourne.
Frustrated at being on the receiving end of some calls in last Friday night's loss to Melbourne United, Wright teed off post-game.
When asked if the 36ers would raise their concerns officially with the league, Wright replied: “Who should I talk to? Talk to Melbourne about Melbourne?”
It is understood the “Melbourne about Melbourne” comment was the catalyst for the sanction.
The NBL wants to stamp out trash talking of referees, especially when pointed comments question their integrity.
Camera Icon Joey Wright, Head Coach of the Adelaide 36ers speaks with the umpire during the NBL Grand Final game two match between the Adelaide 36ers and Melbourne United. Picture: AAP
Earlier, Wright bristled: “The game flowed back and forth, depending on what was happening with the whistle,” they said.
“We didn't know how they were going to call it, I don't think anybody's figured that out all year.”
But United coach Dean Vickerman has escaped sanction after they too lamented the “disparity” of fouls called in game two, played in Adelaide, on Sunday night.
The penalty adds fuel to an already fiery series, locked at one game all, which continues in Melbourne on Friday night.
The NBL yesterday reported a huge spike in cumulative TV audiences for the decider, with 177,022 viewers, spread across Fox Sports, ABC and SBS, tuning into the first two games of the series.
This compares to 70,406 for first two games last year.
Free-to-air broadcaster SBS averaged 63,000 viewers for game two in Adelaide on Sunday.
Camera Icon Former AFL chief Andrew Demetriou will co-chair the NBL advisory board. Picture: News Corp Australia, Nicole Garmston
THE NBL has pulled off a major coup, appointing Andrew Demetriou as co-chair of its advisory board, alongside NBL owner Larry Kestelman.
The former AFL chief executive, who held the top office from 2003-14, will play a pivotal role in helping the NBL secure lucrative broadcast rights deals.
The league currently has agreements with Fox Sports, SBS and ABC.
Demetriou is credited with securing record rights deals for the AFL, including the five-year $1.25 billion bonanzas in 2011.
The NBL advisory board includes 21 leaders of industry.
Are you interested in a career in the agri-food and land-based sector which is an expanding global industry?
If yes, then you should consider studying at the College of Agriculture Food and Rural Enterprise (CAFRE).
CAFRE offers a range of courses in Horticulture, Equine, Food and Agriculture as well as Floristry, Land-based Technology and Veterinary Nursing. You can study either full time, part-time or through work based programmes.
To coincide with the release of GCSE results, CAFRE will host Careers Advice Events at each of its three campus locations:
Enniskillen Campus offers the widest range of equine courses in Ireland. Come along on Thursday 24 August at 7pm for information on Equine, Farriery and work-based Agriculture programmes.
Greenmount Campus, Antrim is well known as the main provider of courses in Horticulture, Floristry, Land-based Engineering, Veterinary Nursing and Agriculture. If you are interested in any of these subjects, come along to our Careers Advice Evening on Thursday 24 August at 7pm.
Loughry Campus, Cookstown provides courses in Food Technology, Food Business Management, Food Design and Nutrition and Postgraduate courses in Business for Agri-food and Rural Enterprise. Loughry's Careers Advice Event is on Thursday 24 August from 3pm to 8pm, so come along and check out what Loughry can offer you.
All our courses will prepare you for a successful career in your chosen industry and make extensive use of the excellent teaching and practical facilities at each Campus.
Thinking College… discover CAFRE and join us at one of our Careers Advice Events.
For further information: Tel: 0800 028 4291, visit our website www.cafre.ac.uk, email: enquiries@cafre.ac.uk or find us on Facebook: Discover CAFRE.
Ozbilici, who covered the failed coup bid in Turkey and has carried out missions in Syria, Libya and Egypt, said they always tried to be ready for difficult tests, “to have the courage to confront a world which has been made rotten by the dishonest and corrupt, in order to try to do some good”.
X Factor star Ben Haenow has cancelled the show they were due to play in Leeds on Tuesday.
The singer rose to fame on the hit ITV singing contest, winning the X Factor's 11th series in 2014.
They were due to play at Brudenell Social Club on Queens Road in Leeds on Tuesday, December 12.
The news comes after other dates on the tour were also cancelled by Haenow, who cited ill health as the reason.
Tickets for the show cost £18.50 each for the London show.
They put out this message tonight about the Leeds show: "Hey all. Thank you for being so understanding regarding the two cancelled shows so far but we are also having to POSTPONE the LEEDS SHOW ALSO.
"I am still very unwell.
"But we will continue the tour from WEDNESDAY .. from LONDON and the final 4 shows. Information will be sent out to all who have tickets for Leeds too.
"Again, I really can't apologise enough to all who wanted to attend. And I will make it up to you guys with another show soon, I promise!"
To get in touch with Brudenell Social Club, call 0113 275 2411
Cosimo Ernesto Commisso, who did not have a criminal record growing up in York Region, worked at the family's two upscale restaurants in Woodbridge and Yorkville.
A Star investigation last year found some of Commisso's family had clashed with aggressive newcomers from B.C. and Quebec, allied to a gang called the Wolfpack Alliance.
Anastasios (Tassos) Leventis, who was connected to the Wolfpack Alliance, caused a disturbance at the family restaurant in Yorkville in 2016, picking a fight with Cosimo Ernesto Commisso, the Star investigation was told.
Leventis had moved to downtown Toronto from Montreal more than a year ago to collect drug debts owed to Montrealers, the Star investigation was told.
Leventis was shot and killed on Jan. 30, 2017 after they stepped out that afternoon of their condo complex on George St. near Adelaide St. E., near George Brown College.
Two handguns were found at the scene. No arrest has been made
Leventis's older brother Mihale (Big Mike) is in custody in Quebec, scheduled to go on trial later this summer in Montreal on drug trafficking and gangsterism charges connected to a massive police operation called Project Loquace.
Mihale Leventis was charged when police made more than 100 arrests in November and December of 2012. The Sûreté du Québec charged that Mihale Leventis was one of six men who formed a consortium with ties to the Hells Angels and Irish West End Gang that organized the distribution of the cocaine.
At the time of the arrests, police said the suspects bought cocaine from Mexican drug cartels and transported it overland into Canada.
Anastasios Leventis, a computer technician, pleaded guilty to drug smuggling and conspiracy charges in a separate marijuana-smuggling case in 2009 called Project Cancun.
The RCMP-led operation targeted drug traffickers in the Mohawk communities of Kahnawake, Akwesasne and Kanesatake.
Anastasios Leventis's organization delivered marijuana to American clients via the Akwesasne reserve. The marijuana was often packed in hockey bags and the smugglers used boats in the summer and snowmobiles and trucks on ice bridges in the winter, police said.
A Star investigation last summer reported that there were two credible death threats against other men in the Commisso family last year, and that the men declined police protection from York Region police.
Mihale Leventis was arrested in November 2012 in a major Sûreté du Québec operation called Loquace, which police said involved links between Irish organized crime, the Hells Angels and other groups, including some from B.C.
At the time of their arrest in 2012, Mihale Leventis was part of a cocaine trafficking consortium with branches in Toronto, Quebec police said.
The Star investigation noted that tensions between the GTA 'Ndrangheta and others in the underworld ramped up after Vito Rizzuto, considered by police to be Canada's most powerful mobster, died in Montreal in December 2013, reportedly of natural causes.
City Times Staff
The Portage County Parks Department will host a candlelight snowshoe hike on Friday, Jan. 6.
The hike will be held at Standing Rocks Park beginning at 6 PM. Hikers will depart from the park's ski lodge.
A one-mile segment of the snowshoe trail will be lit with Tiki torches to guide hikers through the woods. A limited number of snowshoes will be available for use, but participants should bring their own if possible.
Admission for the event is $5, with proceeds going to the Friends of Standing Rocks, a group which sponsors park improvements.
Standing Rocks Park is located at 7782 Standing Rocks Rd. in the Town of Stockton.
For more information contact the Portage Co. Parks Dept. at (715) 346-1433.
Sindh Governor Muhammad Zubair has completed one year in office since they took oath as the 32nd Governor of Sindh on February 2, 2017. Revival of economy has been their top priority from day one as they were assigned the task to revive and revamp economy and boost investment opportunities in Sindh, said a press release on Friday.
From the day one, the Sindh Governor started interaction with business community, inviting their delegations to Governor House, visiting their offices, attending seminars related to economy and explaining the importance of Karachi as a financial hub of Pakistan during interviews with newsmen.
During the one year they met every trade body more than once and discussed their problems, proposed solutions and way forward for both business people and the government.
They also held road shows in Qatar, UAE, USA and UK to promote and showcase of Pakistan. They remained a strong advocate of the province and specially its capital Karachi.
Although, economy has been their priority during last one year, they also held interactive sessions with political leadership and other stakeholders for betterment of services to masses of the province.—APP
Related
Extra police will patrol the county's town and city centres to ensure England World Cup matches pass off peacefully and without incident.
Officers are working with pubs and partner agencies, including local authorities and the Crown Prosecution Service, to prevent any problems and take action if necessary.
Police news
There have been falls in the number of football related incidents in Cambridgeshire during major football tournaments and there were none during the European Championships two years ago.
However, incidents of anti-social behaviour that are reported are mostly around higher profile matches involving England.
Superintendent Laura Hunt said: “Our priority is public safety and we want everyone who goes out to watch an England match to do so without fear of violence or anti-social behaviour.
“There will be a friendly police presence and we hope people enjoy watching the games while drinking sensibly, but any anti-social or illegal behaviour will be dealt with robustly.
“We are working with pubs and officers will take action to nip potential problems in the bud.
“Anyone who has concerns about a football-related event or potential public order problems should not hesitate to contact police on 101.”
Before and during matches officers will visit pubs and bars to ensure they are complying with their licensing obligations, including not selling alcohol to those who are drunk.
If officers believe someone could commit crime or cause disorder, they can use orders under Section 27 of the Violent Crime Reduction Act to remove them from an area for 48 hours.
They will also confiscate alcohol from children or from anyone drinking it in areas covered by a DPPO (Designated Public Places Order).
Police, pubs, clubs and CCTV in Cambridge, Ely and Peterborough will be on a shared communications network enabling them to identify those in the area causing trouble and refuse entry.
Around 5,000 people have used BC Transit's new, expanded service to travel between communities along Highway 16.
The first inter-community transit service for Highway 16 started just over a year ago, connecting Smithers and Moricetown. Since then, other routes were launched, connecting Burns Lake and Prince George, Burns Lake and Smithers, and Terrace and Hazelton.
The new bus service is a way to provide safe, reliable, and affordable travel between northern communities. The one-way ticket fare is $2.75 for Smithers-Moricetown route, and a $5 one-way fare for other routes.
“Thousands of people are benefiting from the Highway 16 Transportation Action Plan, which was developed in close consultation with First Nations and local governments,” said Doug Donaldson, MLA for Stikine. “The implementation of the plan gives safe and affordable transportation options for B.C.'s northern communities located along the Highway 16 corridor. This is meaningful transportation service to the people in the North.”
There are other initiatives in the Transportation Action Plan, like the community-vehicle program, which has seen more than 9,000 passengers use the vehicle service.
The First Nations driver-education program, with driver education and training being offered in various communities. So far, 100 people have received training from the program.
Finally, seven new webcams have been installed as part of the highway infrastructure component of the plan.
they Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure has committed $6.4 million in provincial and federal funding for the Highway 16 Transportation Action Plan
BLANHCESTER — Eighteen employees of Blanchester Local Schools were recently laid off, according to Superintendent Dean Lynch.
The Reduction In Force (R.I.F.) included 13 aides, two 3-hour cooks, one maintenance person, one teacher and a social worker.
“The reason for the reduction was financial,” Lynch told the News Journal. “The district had $300,000 in federal grants cut from its revenue, which was used to cover the cost of insurance for 16 employees.”
They said school district employees' retirement and benefits from fiscal year 2018 to fiscal year 2019 are expected to increase by $537,000.
“Prior to the lay-off we reduced staff through attrition, decrease building budgets, limited the number of supplemental contracts, and switched copier and trash vendors,” Lynch added.
http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_Blan-Letter.jpg
We all have a friend who got drunk and woke up with a nipple piercing. Laugh, yes. Because getting pierced is kind of funny. But don't be that guy. Instead, be the guy who thoroughly researched their piercing (and piercer!) before they got a needle shoved through their ear, nose, eyebrow, lip, or, for the sake of completism, dick.
Like beards and tattoos, piercings have migrated into a more mainstream place. These days you won't turn as many heads at work, and meanwhile guys like Colin Farrell, Lenny Kravitz, and even Harrison Ford have long sported piercings of various degrees.
We got an expert to break it all down for us. Sean Dowdell is a body piercer and the CEO of Club Tattoo and Piercing studio in Las Vegas and across Arizona. They gave us eleven rules to help us all avoid infections and unnecessary anguish. Here they are:
Use a needle!
Always go with a sterile needle instead of a piercing gun. That means, generally speaking, don't go to the mall to get pierced. Go to a tattoo or piercing parlor. “By using a ‘gun,' the actual hole that is being created in your lobe is by blunt force and literally punching through the lobe tissue,” Dowdell says. “This not only causes much more trauma to the lobe itself, but also creates an uneven scar tube for the jewelry to sit in.” On top of that, the guns cannot be sterilized, while a needle hole also heals much faster and with less pain.
You get what you pay for
“If the price seems too low to make sense (like $20 including jewelry), they must be cutting corners somewhere and most likely it is with your safety and quality of jewelry that they are about to put into your body,” Dowdell said.
Titanium is the best
“Titanium is the purest material you can put into your body. It is hypo-allergenic, but in very rare cases people can have a reaction to it. It is much safer than implant-grade stainless steel, as those alloys still have carbon or nickel elements in some grades and tend to cause reactions.”
Don't screw up your septum
The septum piercing—one of the oldest and most common piercings—is making a comeback. “The septum piercing has been around for thousands of years, originating with warrior cultures, most likely since a warrior with a large tusk dangling between their nostrils looks especially fierce,” Dowdell says. Here's what lots of people get wrong about the septum piercing, however: “The correct placement for the septum is not the hard piece of tissue at the base of your nostrils, as many have done,” they say. “It is instead a very thin membrane located just above that tissue, and underneath the septal cartilage.” They say that any experienced and trusted piercer will know where to locate this spot and that the piercing, when done correctly, can be painless and quick. Healing is also quick, and your pro piercer can advise on the best size for you.
Getting your eyebrow pierced kinda sucks
Eyebrows are one of the slowest-healing piercings, Dowdell says. This is because follicular cysts from the eyebrow follicles can be very common—and noticeable. These cysts are tiny red bumps that form on any side of the piercing, and are caused by skincare products, dirt, or sweat that clogs the fresh piercing and leads to infection. Dowdell says to have a sterile sea-salt solution (like NeilMed Piercing Aftercare) applied immediately after you shower or cleanse, 2-3 times daily.
Don't drink while your tongue piercing heals
“Tongue piercings can be done from the top down or the bottom up,” Dowdell says. “Each piercer usually develops whichever technique works best for them. The piercing sits in between both sides of the tongue muscle in a layer called the medial lateral, and they generally heal up in about 8-12 weeks, but need to be downsized with a shorter barbell in 2-3 weeks to avoid tooth damage.” They say that there has been a dramatic shift away from tongue piercings in the previous few years, largely due to compromised dental health or the fact that the novelty has worn off. Should you still get one, Dowdell urges you to avoid alcohol while it heals to prevent major swelling and inflammation. “Use an alcohol-free mouth rinse 3-4 times daily, but don't overuse it,” they say.
A little info on ear cartilage
There are several common cartilage options: the forward helix, the tragus, the conch, the rook, and the daith. Basically, anywhere on the ear that has cartilage can be pierced. The daith is the innermost cartilage fold of the ear. It's gotten wildly popular recently as a piercing site because there's a claim out there that it can alleviate certain types of migraines. (There is no medical study to back that up.)
Lip piercings take a lot of work, too
You can pierce the lips in just about any spot: at the sides, down the middle of the philtrum (beneath the septum of the nose), along the top and bottom. “Lips are a unique piercing in that they require an oral aftercare regimen along with a regular piercing regimen on the outer portion of the piercing,” says Dowdell. “We usually recommend internally an alcohol-free mouth rinse, plus one like Biotène on the outside. Apply NeilMed Piercing Aftercare 2-3 times daily, and remove any of the sebaceous crusty material that may collect around the piercing.”
Nipple piercings hurt. Obviously.
Dowdell says this is one of the more painful piercings in existence, because men have lots of nerve endings in the nipples and therefore heightened sensitivity. However, the pain ends once the piercing is done—assuming your piercer is a pro. A proper nipple piercing is done at the base of the nipple, and not through the areola. (If done in the areola, your heal time is longer and the pain is significantly greater.) To heal time is lengthy, though: up to 4-6 months on average. During this time you must administer a sterile saline regimen 2-3 times daily.
How to pierce your dick
Yeah, you knew this was coming. “There are many types of penis piercings for men. The most common is the Prince Albert, at the base of the penis through the urethra. Next is the frenum, from the base of the head horizontally through the soft tissue. Then there is the apadravya, all the way through the head of the penis from top to bottom, followed by the ampallang, all the way through the head of the penis horizontally (and usually through or under the urethra). Last is the dydoes, at the top of the back crown of the penis running vertically forward into the glans.”
“Prince Albert and frenums are generally not too painful, and they heal relatively fast,” Dowdell says. (Ten to 16 weeks for the former, and 16-20 for the latter.) “The others mentioned above require much longer healing times generally and can have more risk.” The others often take 10-12 months to heal and require total abstinence. Dowdell urges you to research your piercer's background before you go in, because inexperienced ones can cause irreversible damage.
If you're a hypochondriac, check the sterilization logs
“There are several ways to tell if piercers are hygienic and aseptic. First, ask to check their or their sterilization logs. These will be on hand for any upper-echelon studio or piercer. You can make sure that the jewelry and all instruments that are used are sterilized and documented in a log or release form, prior to use. If anything is not in a sterilized format, as in packaged or sterilized right in front of you, then ask why—and be cautious. Watch the piercer in their or their environment and observe what they touch, how they touch, and if they change gloves after touching anything in the procedure room.”
NOW READ
15 hot women who love tattoos
What you can learn from London's street style
The kind of tattoos women love. And hate
> More on Pop Culture
This article originally appeared in gq.com
Posted 21 hours ago
Activist and Political analyst Ledama ole Kina won the ODM nomination for Narok senator after a vote on Saturday.
NBC News: “A largely unspoken truth about the race to be the Democratic National Committee's next chairperson is that the major candidates agree on almost all the issues -at least the ones relevant to the job they're pursuing… They want to reinstate a 50-state strategy, focus more on organizing, establish greater transparency at the DNC and heal the wounds from the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries. Another truth: Many of the 447 DNC members who get to cast a vote for chairperson later this month will be pleased if any of the frontrunners, especially Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) or former Labor Secretary Tom Perez, ends up winning.”
“Instead, most of the tension in the race is coming from Democrats and progressives outside the candidate field and DNC party membership, who view the contest as another proxy fight between Bernie Sanders and the so-called Democratic establishment, including Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.”
Jackson's rebuke came after prosecutors with Special Counsel Robert Mueller last week accused Manafort of editing the piece for the English-language Kyiv Post with a former colleague that prosecutors said had ties to Russian intelligence.
“Mr. Manafort, that order applies to you, and not just your lawyer,” U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson said at an hour-long hearing in the District of Columbia. “I'm inclined to view such conduct in the future to be an effort to circumvent and evade . . . my order, as clarified this morning.”
WASHINGTON—A federal judge Monday declined to punish former Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort for helping write an opinion article for a newspaper in Ukraine defending their work there. But the judge warned they would likely consider any similar actions in the future as a violation of the existing gag order barring comments outside court as Manafort faces trial on criminal fraud charges.
Manafort's attorneys later acknowledged the editing, without addressing the government's allegations of the intelligence ties.
The court on Monday also unsealed an earlier filing by prosecutors disclosing a Nov. 30 email between Manafort and the colleague, Konstantin Kilimnik, based in Kyiv, that prosecutors said set off the inquiry about the article. An FBI agent said the email exchange that named Kilimnik was obtained through a “court-ordered process,” without elaboration.
“I have attached a framework for the oped in the Kyiv Post for Oleg. It keeps their approach but takes out pieces that would not be good to mention. You will notice that I left several areas where you need to insert points,” Manafort wrote, referring to Oleg Voloshyn, a Ukrainian political commentator and former Foreign Ministry spokesperson, who claimed authorship of the article to The Washington Post.
“Thanks for quick turnaround—got it. Will do my part on this one,” Kilimnik emailed back, the court filings show.
Manafort, 68, and their longtime deputy, Rick Gates, 45, have pleaded not guilty to criminal charges filed Oct. 30, the first in Mueller's probe into Russian influence in the 2016 presidential election.
Kilimnik has previously denied intelligence ties, telling The Washington Post in a statement in June that they have “no relation to the Russian or any other intelligence service.” They ran Manafort's office in Kyiv during the 10 years they did consult work there.
Jackson acknowledged Manafort's argument that the Kyiv article would not likely bias potential jurors in Washington, but discounted it “given the power of retweeting.”
“I don't think it's consistent with the global and electronic nature of [communications ] in today's world to say, ‘Oh, it's in Kyiv . . . not D.C.,'” Jackson said, when Manafort could shape an article overseas and “just have somebody you know post it on Facebook, Twitter or a blog.”
Manafort lawyer Kevin Downing said their client is facing “a torrent of negative press coverage” every day, saying The Washington Post has a much wider circulation in the city where their case is pending than the Kyiv Post online.
“It's difficult to watch their reputation just continue to be destroyed by the press,” Downing said. “There is this ongoing issue . . . It's not going away for Mr. Manafort.”
Jackson said neither Manafort nor the government objected when they proposed the gag order, and that “there's a lot of negative press going on right now about the prosecution.” Jackson said. “The point of the order was to have the merits of the case to be debated by everyone in the courtroom and not in the media,” they said.
Downing said Manafort's defence may move to throw out counts or evidence against him, saying charges of conspiracy, money laundering and making false lobbyist registration statements in connection with their work advising a Russia-friendly political party in Ukraine amounts to “paperwork” violations of “just failing to file some forms.”
Jackson also took under advisement a prosecutors' request to pull out of a proposed joint bail deal that would release Manafort from home detention and GPS monitoring as they await trial.
Manafort is under home confinement pending a deal on an unsecured promise to pay $10 million (U.S.) if they fail to appear in court. Gates is under similar confinement on a pledge to pay $5 million for failing to appear, and is working toward but has not yet reached terms with prosecutors.
Jackson reminded both men to give court monitors earlier notice when they intend to undertake approved travel for religious observances, medical reasons and legal meetings saying “it has to be more than an hour in advance,” but pressed them to finish talks on the bail terms “so we can get out of the business of monitoring soccer practices, which is where I'd like to be.”
International oil prices remain unpredictable
Amanullah Khan
Karachi
PSX benchmark KSE-100 index which was heading upward slowly yet steadily dipped by 197 points due to correction which was quite expected as the investors were looking for consolidation of their positions. Actually the index witnessed selling pressure in the face of profit making which also had an impact market volume, which contracted to 353 million while overall trading took place in the stocks of 391 companies out of which 251 were declined while 125 companies were the gainers while stocks of 18 companies remained unchanged.
Since the steel is much in demand these days in the face of rapid growth in development project, Aisha steel was on top of the list in terms of volume with a trade of 40 million shares to its credit while Power Cement and K Electric were second and third volume leaders of the day with respective trades of 37 million and 23 million shares to their credit.
As far as international oil prices were concerned they fell about 2% on Monday, snapping a three-day winning streak after rising U.S. crude output and drilling activity continued to weigh on prices. However, prices have remained within a $4-$5 per barrel trading range since the beginning of the year.
MANAGER Chris Wilder believes the manner in which Sheffield United swept aside Bradford City with a champion showing was made all the more remarkable by their players having spent the previous “three or four days” toasting their success.
The Blades made light work of their Yorkshire rivals as a double from Leon Clarke and Billy Sharp's 199th career goal clinched a comfortable 3-0 win.
Chris Wilder manager of Sheffield Utd sprays champagne over their players during the English League One match at Bramall Lane Stadium, Sheffield. (Picture: Simon Bellis/Sportimage)
It brought a club record 28th league victory of the season for United, who Wilder admits had been allowed to mark the title win with plenty of celebratory drinks.
“That first half was up there in terms of our best this season,” said the Blades chief, “and when you consider the boys have been on it (alcohol) for three or four days, that is impressive.
“I said (to the players after the title was clinched on Saturday), ‘Go for it'. You have to. Plus, I have been on it, too, and will continue to do so.
“I have just said to the boys in the dressing room, ‘Sports science is out the window for the next two or three days – eat and drink what you want because you deserve it'. They will be back in for training on Thursday.”
I have just said to the boys in the dressing room, ‘Sports science is out the window for the next two or three days – eat and drink what you want because you deserve it'. Chris Wilder
United's couple of days off are richly deserved. Against a Bradford side who started the day hoping to pile the pressure on second-placed Bolton Wanderers by slashing the gap between the two clubs to a solitary point, the Blades put in a rampant first-half showing.
Stuart McCall's men, who welcomed the champions on to the field before kick-off with a guard of honour, simply could not cope against a host side who played with passion and purpose in front of the live Sky cameras.
Wilder, a Bradford player in the Nineties, was delighted with the respect shown by their former club and hopes the Bantams can make it a Yorkshire double in League One by going on to win promotion.
“We have beaten an excellent side,” added the Blades chief. “I have a lot of respect for Bradford City with my connections there. Personally, I hope they join us in the Championship next season. They are a class act.
Chris Wilder manager of Sheffield Utd and Billy Sharp of Sheffield Utd celebrate (Picture: Simon Bellis/Sportimage)
“I got a couple of bottles of champagne from their chairperson (Edin Rahic) and (chief operating officer) James Mason. I am thankful for that.
“And Stuart giving us the guard of honour was nothing I didn't expect.
“It is a class club and their supporters deserve to go up. I am sure they will have a right good go at it in the next three or four weeks.”
The elation felt by the home fans in a bumper 26,838 crowd was in stark contrast to the downcast mood among their City counterparts at the final whistle.
Billy Sharp leads out Sheffield United to a guard of honour formed by Bradford during the English League One match at Bramall Lane (Picture: Simon Bellis/Sportimage)
McCall's decision to opt for a three-man defence backfired and they were forced to make a tactical change after just 22 minutes as the Blades took control.
“It was challenging,” said the former Scotland international. “I think Sheffield United showed why they are champions.
“They have got the best squad and the best team. If they are playing at the top of their game, they can do that to sides.
“Maybe we didn't go with the right system. We wanted to play three up against them.
“I just didn't think we could trust two centre-halves against Billy Sharp and the other striker, be it Leon Clarke or James Hanson (who missed the game with a calf strain).
“We put an extra one at the back and matched up systems. But I think the game was won and lost in both penalty boxes.
“They were clinical and we weren't. When you have got Leon Clarke and Billy (Sharp), who have both done it at the top level, that is a big help.
“Sheffield United showed why they are top. When you come up against the best team, you need to be on top of your game and a few of us weren't.
“But that can't be allowed to detract from what our aim is – and that is winning promotion.
“Congratulations to Sheffield United on winning the league, but we have got our own agenda. We can't let a poor 45 minutes detract from what our aims are.”
As for the Blades, yesterday's victory means the club remain on target to reach a century of points for the first time in their history.
“I just want us to win games,” added Wilder. “Whether it is 100 points or whatever, I just want us to win the next game and play well.”
Doncaster Rovers, meanwhile, still need six points to clinch the title after losing at home to Blackpool 1-0 as Plymouth thrashed Newport 6-1.
Reports and tables: Page 20
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
After the U.S. presidential election, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg had dismissed the idea that their company had provided a platform for the spread of false information and conspiracy theories.
But now Facebook is working with authorities in 14 countries to stop the spread of fake news. We're joined by NPR's Eleanor Beardsley in Paris to hear how this is playing out in France. And, Eleanor, is there a concern that fake news could influence the French election on Sunday?
ELEANOR BEARDSLEY, BYLINE: Absolutely, yes. You know, there are alternative news sites and media of every ilk here operating. And some candidates have already been complaining about it. Emmanuel Macron, who is a frontrunner with far-right leader Marine Le Pen, says he's being targeted by conspiracy theories about their private life, also about their finances that because he's a former investment banker, he's hiding millions.
They actually had to go on the radio today and dispel rumors and talk about exactly where their money came from and, you know, where it went. And so a lot of information that may be false information is - seems to support anti-immigration stances of Marine Le Pen, you know, videos showing migrants attacking a nurse in a hospital.
Only it turned out this video was in a Russian hospital several months ago, even though it says a French hospital today. So there are a lot of conspiracy theories swirling also around the pro-Russian sites. There are fears that Russia will influence this election. And French President Francois Hollande publicly warned Russia not to interfere in the French election.
SIEGEL: What are the sources typically of the fake news? Does it come from Russia?
BEARDSLEY: Well, some of it does. Russia Today and Sputnik have been cited as perpetrators of conspiracy theories. And there are a lot of independent websites. Many are linked to far-right causes. And then Facebook because people share videos, people share news stories. And it looks like it's coming from a good friend so you can trust it. And so this is how things spread. And that's what Facebook wants to stop.
SIEGEL: So what is Facebook doing to stop it?
BEARDSLEY: Well, Facebook has developed an algorithm to detect accounts that are not linked to a person and a specific identity. So they're finding accounts that are just resending out masses of information, you know, spam. And that's what they're shutting down.
They have shut down 30,000 false accounts in France. But there's actually no human involvement in this, Robert, it's just an algorithm that detects accounts that are sending out masses amount of the same information.
SIEGEL: Now, fake news is not something new in French politics, is it?
BEARDSLEY: No, Robert, it absolutely isn't. I spoke with the editorial director of newspaper Le Monde. And they said fake news has been around for a long time, identified with the far-right. They said after the terrorist attacks in 2015, there were a lot of conspiracy theories. And here's what Sylvie Kaufman told me.
SYLVIE KAUFMAN: This kind of inflammatory false discourse and manipulated facts has been familiar for some time but we didn't have social networks, we didn't have the Internet. And so the amplification was not so large.
So it was an issue but it was not such a big issue. And also, I would say the authority, the moral authority of mainstream media like Le Monde was bigger.
BEARDSLEY: Kaufman says we're in a very different media environment. They're taking it seriously. Le Monde has a whole team now dedicated to debunking fake news. And they have online software that readers can use to verify sources.
SIEGEL: That's NPR's Eleanor Beardsley in Paris. Eleanor, thanks.
BEARDSLEY: You're welcome, Robert.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC) Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Philadelphia rapper Meek Mill has been released on bail after an order from the Pennsylvania Supreme Court.
The announcement of their freedom was made by 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin, a close advocate of the rapper as they went through the process of their appeal.
The team sent a helicopter to pick Meek Mill up, ensuring he'd make it to the arena in time to ring the ceremonial bell before the game.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ordered that Philadelphia rapper Meek Mill be released Tuesday on bail, and it looks likely that he'll be spending their first night out with the Philadelphia 76ers as they take on the Miami Heat in Game 5 of the first round of the NBA Playoffs.
Their release was announced by 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin, who took to Instagram to share the good news.
As it turned out, the team sent a helicopter to pick them up, ensuring they would make it to the Wells Fargo Center in time to ring the ceremonial bell before the game.
Meek Mill had been serving a 2-4 year sentence for violating their probation, leading to many in the local community to call for their release, arguing the punishment far outweighs their crime. Since their initial sentencing, Meek had found allies across the sports world, both amongst Philadelphia sports icons and even including some unlikelier names like New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft.
Upon their release, Meek Mill expressed gratitude for all of those who had worked on their behalf.
With a chance to secure their first playoff series win since the dawn of the "Trust the Process" era, and Meek Mill finally back in the building, Philadelphia will be rocking tonight.
More NBA playoffs:
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. Wochit
Ryan Shover (Photo: DELAWARE ATTORNEY GENERAL'S OFFICE)
Ryan Shover, a Pennsylvania man known as "Nazi," on Thursday was found guilty of the 2013 murder of 43-year-old Wayne Cappelli in Brandywine A Hundred.
After a 15-day trial, a New Castle County Superior Court jury returned guilty verdicts against Shover, 46, of Windsor, on two charges of first-degree murder, first-degree conspiracy, insurance fraud and two counts of possession of a deadly weapon during the commission of a felony.
Cappelli's body was found on Feb. 18, 2013, in the brush just off the 2100 block of Delaview Ave. in Silvercroft. Police said they were beaten to death with an aluminum baseball bat as they walked home from work.
STORY: Court docs: UD cop used belt to discipline son, charged with child abuse
STORY: Former Delaware Catholic priest charged in 25-year-old child rape case
Police have said the killing was part of a murder-for-hire scheme involving at least four people. Shover's co-defendant, Michael Kman, 53, of Enola, Pennsylvania, pleaded guilty to second-degree murder, insurance fraud and first-degree conspiracy in December.
Investigators determined that Kman along with Claymont residents David Hess and Paul Disabatino had talked Cappelli into taking out a life insurance policy. Disabatino was made the beneficiary of the $360,000 policy with an agreement that they would care for Cappelli's child if necessary, according to the Delaware Department of Justice.
Kman paid Shover $30,000 from the proceeds to murder Cappelli, the DOJ said.
Hess and Disabatino agreed to work with investigators and pleaded guilty in January 2016 to criminally negligent homicide, insurance fraud and first-degree conspiracy. Hess was sentenced to five years in prison, according to the DOJ.
Disabatino, Kman and Shover have not been sentenced.
Contact Xerxes Wilson at (302) 324-2787 or xwilson@delawareonline.com. Follow @Ber_Xerxes on Twitter.
BACKGROUND: Two juries, one trial in murder-for-hire case
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/02/02/ryan-nazi-shover-found-guilty-2013-murder-brandywine-hundred/300765002/
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has urged Nigerians to intesify their support to the government's fight against corruption in the country.
Osinbajo stated this in Abuja while speaking with reporters and members of civil society organisations, under the aegis of Situation Room.
They said although the government faces legal challenges in its fight against corruption, the needed push by citizens ”is not strong enough"
"I don't think that the people, especially the civil society have shown enough outrage that one expects in order to consistently beam searchlight on the perpetrators.
"People come and ask where are the convictions but I say where are the campaigns? We should be able to point out these persons so that they will not be able to spend these monies.
"If we are sufficiently outraged about the delays being orchestrated by defence lawyers intentionally to frustrate such corruption cases, everyone will hail the move by the Chief Justice of Nigeria,” they said.
The Vice President said the Buhari administration is doing a lot to stabilise the economy and reiterated the government's commitment to ensure that the annual budget cycle runs from January to December.
They said previous administrations failed to efficiently manage proceeds from high price of oil which led the nation into serious economic difficulty afterwards.
By Radio.com Staff
Thomas Rhett's new record will feature a duet with pop star Selena Gomez.
Related: Thomas Rhett and Wife Announce Double Baby Surprise
“I took all of January and made album three, Rhett explains. “We cut 22 songs, which is way too many songs, and I think the next few months is going to be singing all those, getting them all mixed and then trying to narrow down which ones are the keepers.”
In addition to Gomez, the new album features an appearance by Rhett's father Rhett Akins, and Maren Morris, their duet partner on their current single “Craving You.”
OTTAWA — Days after it was unveiled, the space for the dedication plaque at the National Holocaust Monument is empty, marked only by boltholes.
The plaque's now in for a rewrite, after failing to mention Jews or the Jewish people, the prime targets of the Second World War genocide.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dedicated the monument last week and complaints about the original plaque were quick to come.
Martin Sampson, of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs, says the wording was noticed immediately and the government acknowledged the error.
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
The Pakistan Business Forum (APBF) has condemned the sixth consecutive hike of petrol prices, showing a jump of around 20% from Rs.70 to Rs.85 per liter during last six months of Sept 2017 to Feb 2018, leading to increasing cost of production ultimately.
The Ministry of Finance kept the rates of petroleum products at the existing level for the month of August 2017 at about Rs70 per liter despite reduction of oil prices in the global market.
In Aug 2017, the Oil and Gas Regulatory Authority (Ogra) had recommended the government to reduce the prices of Petrol and High Speed Diesel by Rs3.67 and Rs5.07 per litre respectively for the month of August but the govt maintained the rates at previous level, instead of passing on benefit to the public.
Ibrahim Qureshi flayed the government for increasing prices of petroleum products by over Rs15 per liter in last six month, terming it bad news for the country's economy. They said though the prices of oil in global market are going up yet the authorities can keep the rates stable by reducing tax ratio which is highest in the region.
They said that against the standard rate of 17 per cent general sales tax, currently the government is charging 31 percent GST on high speed diesel and 17 per cent on other petroleum products including petrol, kerosene oil and LDO.
In addition to the GST, the government was charging the highest rates of Petroleum Development Levy from the consumers. Currently, the consumers are paying Rs10 per litre petroleum development levy on petrol, Rs.8 on HSD, Rs.6 per litre on kerosene oil and Rs.3 per litre on the LDO.
In the past, the government did not pass on the full benefit of declining oil prices to the public by imposing heavy taxes. It is the time to relax the duties and absorb the burden of soaring petroleum prices in international market by keeping the prices stable.
Ibrahim Qureshi, terming it bad news for the country's economy which was already facing a number of challenges, said that the increase would put extra burden on the consumers.
At a time when country's trade deficit was further stretched by over 35 percent owing to rise in imports and slow exports growth amidst high cost of doing business, the continuous hike petroleum as well as power tariff is very unfortunate.
As per the notification, the government increased price of HSD by Rs5.92 per litre or 6.58 per cent taking the price from Rs89.91 to Rs95.83 per litre. Diesel is widely used in transport and agriculture sector, and therefore, increase in its price would increase the input cost of farmers.
CALGARY—Pride is a celebration, but for the folks hosting an event in a small southern Alberta town this weekend, it's still a protest. Last year, raising the rainbow flag atop Taber's community flagpole wasn't easy. The first flag was stolen and vandalized within a week, and when it was replaced, that flag was set on fire.
Members and supporters of the Taber Equality Alliance attend the raising of the Pride flag on June 12, 2017. ( Jillian Demontigny / The Canadian Press )
But the town's LGBTQ community and allies persevered by raising a third flag and camping out overnight to protect it. This year, organizers with the Taber Equality Alliance are hoping to double attendance for the 2018 Pride celebration on Saturday and further prove they aren't easily intimidated. And across the province, eyes are on the town of nearly 8,500 people, as LGBTQ allies plan to make the trip to Taber and stand with the community in solidarity this weekend.
Article Continued Below
Jayce Wilson, alliance secretary and chair for the Taber Pride planning committee, said just like Pride's origins as a protest against government and police, Taber's LGBTQ community is still fighting. “We're still protesting against the discrimination, against the hate, against everything that's been going on,” said Wilson. “It's still a celebration, and we're still using it to celebrate our diversity, our colours, who we are, and what makes our queer community such a vibrant, amazing community to be a part of.” In January, Taber town council denied the society's request to raise the flag again for its second-annual event — but the flag will fly at the town's provincial building thanks to the government. Wilson said this time, from what they understand, there will be a guard watching over the flag. But the turbulent kickoff to Taber's inaugural Pride brought a lot of publicity — and a lot of support — with it.
“I would love to see our park absolutely packed with people,” Wilson said. “To show our community we're here and we're proud, and we're not going anywhere.” They said the Taber Equality Alliance received letters and messages of support from across the province.
Article Continued Below
The Skipping Stone Foundation, a not-for-profit group on a mission to empower trans and gender diverse youth across the province, is ready to load a van of supporters and take a road trip south to Taber. Co-founder Amelia Newbert said the group hopes to bring more than 15 people to the small town to celebrate in solidarity. “I think Taber is a bit of an inspiration,” they said. Through their work with Skipping Stone, they said they've heard from many small-community LGBTQ Albertans who feel isolated and alone. But when places like Taber stand up against that discrimination, it sends a message. “It's been amazing to see the sort of resiliency and perseverance in this little town,” Newbert said. “Change does happen and good things do happen. “You shouldn't have had to fight for it in the first place, but the fighting pays off.” Celebrations will kick off with a ceremonial flag-raising Saturday in front of the Taber Provincial Building. Then, in a nearby park, festivities will continue with face-painting, bouncy castles and performances before wrapping up at a local pub for an after-party. More information can be found on the TEA Facebook page. Helen Pike is a Calgary-based reporter covering social justice, democracy and immigration. Follow them on Twitter: @Metropike
Read more about:
When I was a kid, way up north in Kapuskasing, there were two men in town who had motorcycles — that I knew of, anyway. One guy had a big Harley-Davidson and the other rode a somewhat smaller bike that might also have been a Harley but could just as easily been something else. I can't remember the name of the fellow with the big Harley but they dressed themselves like Marlon Brando in what is considered to be the first outlaw biker movie, The Wild One. Which means they wore a black leather jacket, jeans, and a motorcycle captain's hat. The guy with the smaller bike was René Boulianne, and they lived on Bowman Ave. They kept their cycle in a tent, and I would sneak in to watch them change the oil and perform other routine maintenance tasks. Try as I might, though, René Boulianne would never take me for a ride. I was in awe as they would talk about riding down Hwy. 11 to Toronto and back, but that's as close to their bike that I ever got. Marlon Brando, though (I might as well call them that), lived in a house on Dominion Ave., that had a garage in the lane behind. I would go over and stand watch as they would fiddle with this or that on the big machine, and every now and again, he'd say, “C'mon — hop on,” and he'd drive me around the block. I remember one Saturday morning in particular, when it was about 9 a.m., and the sun was up in the east but not very far up, and I watched our shadow dance along the side of the road as we roared along Riverside Dr. I felt like a knight riding out to do battle, and it didn't bother me at all that someone else was driving, because I didn't see them in that shadow, only me.
Article Continued Below
I've mentioned previously about learning how to drive by watching my father's every move. Which is true, but in fact, I would be sitting behind them in the back seat with my arms stretched out along the rear of the front bench seat, pretending to be riding a motorcycle to Toronto, just like René Boulianne. Unfortunately, as I've also mentioned previously, I had a near-death experience on a motorcycle when I was 16 that kind of put me off riding the things my entire life since, but that doesn't mean I still don't feel the stirrings of romance when I see one on the road. Or read about them. Or go to motorcycle shows and find out about everything that's new when spring is just around the corner and another riding season beckons. Which brings me to the point of this story today. In two weeks minus a day, the Motorcycle Shows-Toronto, presented by Dalton Timmis Insurance, will open at the Enercare Centre down at Exhibition Place, and the world's top brands will showcase their latest technology and newest products.
Dogs fall to Albuquerque Tuesday night
The Chihuahuas had been on fire lately with 11 wins in their last 13 games entering Tuesday, but the Albuquerque Isotopes took charge early Tuesday night and went on to claim an 11-5 victory.
The Isotopes scored four runs in the top of the third and added two more the next inning to take an early 6-0 lead.
The teams each scored five runs the rest of the way, but the Chihuahuas were doomed by their poor start.
The Isotopes recorded 16 hits on the evening while the Dogs managed their five runs on just five hits. Three of El Paso's runs came in the bottom of the ninth when the game appeared to be well out of reach.
El Paso fell to 45-40 with the loss while Albuquerque moved back to .500 at 42-42.
Daniel Castro went 4-5 for the Isotopes with a home run and three RBIs to lead their team to victory.
The Chihuahuas will play their next five games on the road against Salt Lake before taking a break ahead of the Triple-A All-Star Game.
“The millennials are consuming, and they are much focussed on the story behind the brand as well as the brand image. If you think of the whole story of James Bond, it's an aspirational brand. (Omega has a longstanding association with the Bond franchise.) “Our online sales push during last month's “Super Tuesday” was not about adapting but to create a new chapter. It could be with ecommerce and not because others are doing it.”
16 dogs have been rescued from a home in Quesnel after they were found in disgusting living quarters under the care of Karin and Catherine Adams.
The nearly 8 breeds of dogs were found severely matted living in small, poorly ventilated crates that were soaked in urine and feces. It was also noted that the animals had little to no water supply.
The extent of the damage to the latest 16 dogs is currently unknown. The animals have been removed from the home in Quesnel and are being attended to by SPCA staff in the region.
Sadly, this is not the first time the Adams family has been in trouble with the BC SPCA.
In 2014, investigators seized a total of 53 animals from the Adams' property near Houston that included 18 horses, 18 dogs, 15 birds, and 2 cats. Over 100 fish from filthy tanks were also removed from the home.
The pair was then found guilty of animal cruelty charges in 2015 and were handed a 20-year ban on owning animals.
After not learning their lesson in '15, the duo decided to move their operations into Alberta in that same year.
While in the prairies, 9 horses, 25 dogs, and 17 birds were seized from their property in Hanna just Northeast of Calgary, due to similar instances of neglect and improper care of the animals.
BC SPCA Chief Prevention and Enforcement Officer, Marcie Moriarty, says they hope the mother-daughter combo gets the harshest of penalties for their latest actions.
“When this case makes its way into the courts, we're hoping that they receive a strong sentence if they are charged and convicted. As good as a 20-year ban is, a lifetime ban is even better. We want this to apply to not only owning animals but caring for and being in the company of pets as well. Under the current legislation within the criminal code, individuals can face up to 5 years in jail for animal cruelty charges. One could also see as much as $75,000 in fines under the BC Provincial statures so it will be interesting to see how this case plays out.”
We asked Moriarty if the SPCA dealt with repeat offenders very often and they had this to say.
“Unfortunately it's more common than you think. In some cases, we run into situations where we deal with hoarders and because of the mental health aspect, these situations can be hard to deal with. Another common instance of repeat offenders would be people simply not learning their lesson and wanting to earn a dirty dollar. Either way, they make life at the SPCA very difficult for not only us, but the animals as well.”
Although these situations weaken Moriarty's heart, they say there is a potential silver lining coming in the future.
“We're looking forward to when the government puts regulations in place for dog and cat breeders within the province. This will hopefully see rules put in place for breeders and sellers to have to live up to a higher level of standards. We're not there yet but it's nice to have something to look forward to.”
Moriarty finished by saying the only way the SPCA can help in these situations is if these cases are brought to their attention. If you suspect any sort of animal cruelty or neglect, contact the BC SPCA here.
A local food delivery business has opened a second base in the Duchy.
The Cornish Food Box Company, which offers a wide range of Cornish food and drink through its online home delivery service, shop, deli and café, was created by sisters Tor Amran and Lucy Jones seven years ago.
It has steadily grown since then and now runs a second operation in Redruth, which acts as the distribution and stock hub for the food box delivery. There are also plans to include a small storefront which will allow customers the flexibility of click and collect.
The sisters have been assisted in their growth plans by Oxford Innovation's Transform programme, which offers businesses with ambitions for growth access to a network of experienced business coaches.
Amran said: “Opening an additional site can feel like a big step and requires some bravery. We found it invaluable to have our coach to discuss every aspect of this move with and help us organise how to use the new site to its maximum efficiencies.
“The new site will fundamentally help us grow our business, and particularly at busy periods like the run up to Christmas. Now we have the space and facilities we need to drive sales without being limited by our environment. It also means we are able to employ more staff and increase our range to include even more corporate and gift hampers which is a growing market for our business.”
Saudi Arabia and Rojava agreed to establish a new force in Syria.
SMM Syria has already reported that SDF units are ready to pull out of a few Northern Syrian cities:
⚡️⚡️⚡️#SDF reported preparing for redeploying their forces from mostly Arabian cities of #Manbij, #Raqqa and #Tabqa. The decision was taken 4 day ago in talks with Gulf representatives in Ain Issa. The Saudi and Emirates occupation of #Syria's East will replace the #US one — SMM Syria (@smmsyria) May 30, 2018
According to the agreement, Saudi, Jordan and UAE troops will replace the Kurdish forces in the North of Syria. A main reason for this redeployment is an increasing of protest sentiments among Arab population and reduction of subversive activities in SDF-held territories.
A number of checkpoints will be also established between Hasakah and Qamishli cities for recruitment of militants to new armed groups.
According to the source, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and UAE will finance the new formation. Fighters of the new faction are promised salaries in the amount of $200.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sam Faiers has finally summoned the courage to ask their partner Paul Knightley the big question.
Sam, 26, and Paul, 26, have been dating for four years and are parents to Paul, two, and five-month-old Rosie.
And the former TOWIE star has always been open about their plans to take their relationship with Paul to the next level.
Now in a teaser clip from The Mummy Diaries it looks like the mum of two has taken matters into their own hands.
A nervous Paul watches on as Sam holds up a card underwater that reads: "Will you..."
(Image: ITV2)
(Image: ITV2)
Behind the scenes they reveal: "'I've got quite a big question for Paul and he's definitely going to be surprised when they see me."
Holding their son, Paul spots Sam's question and asks: "What is they doing?"
Sam continued: "I'm looking at them straight in the eyes and their face, he's kind of like smiling, but they look almost like a little bit nervous."
While Paul adds: "I just thought will you...what? And then, what's coming next?"
The show's narrator Melanie Sykes teases: "Sam gives up waiting for Paul and finally pops the question..."
We'll have to wait for the show to air on Wednesday at 9pm on ITVBe to see theirs answer.
(Image: ITV2)
(Image: ITV2)
The couple welcomed their baby boy Paul on 29 December 2015 and Sam gave birth to their second child Rosie on 11 November 2017.
Sam recently opened up to Closer magazine about their desire to get married and have a huge family:
"People ask me all the time about marriage. We would love to and Paul knows that I'd like to tie the knot, but it's down to them to ask!
"We want a really big family. I'd like a little gap then have two more kids, then another couple. I've got time on my side because I'm still young."
But they previously insisted they aren't a “creepy girlfriend” who just hangs around waiting for their boyfriend to propose last year.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
TTR gets approval for iron sands mining in South Taranaki Bight
Trans-Tasman Resources has got the approval from New Zealand's Environmental Protection Authority (EPA) to mine iron sands from the ocean floor in the South Taranaki Bight (STB).
It is the first approval for any mining proposal in the extensive offshore Exclusive Economic Zone in New Zealand in compliance with the EEZ Act 2012.
The approval to TTR's marine consent application by the Board of the Environmental Protection Authority appointed Decision-making Committee (DMC) was a conditional one.
The DMC had imposed conditions and operating restrictions on TTR to check the scale, intensity and duration of the sediment plume and also impacts on marine mammals caused by the mining activity.
DMC in its summary stated: “Although some submitters had misgivings about the quality of information, we determined that it was sufficient for our purposes… and we are satisfied that we have been able to make our decision based on the best available information in accordance with… the EEZ Act.”
TTR had applied for the marine consent with the EPA in August last year. The hearing began only in February 2017 after receiving a huge number of submissions relating to the possible impact caused by the proposed mining in STB.
Although the hearing closed in May end, the DMC approval could only come now after detailed explanation on why it had given its nod to the marine consent through a more than 300-page decision document.
Trans-Tasman Resources executive chairperson Alan J Eggers stated: “TTR understands the time taken for the DMC to deliver the decision is not without precedent, reflects the need to document fully their reasons for the decision and deal fairly with an unusually high number of public submissions on a wide range of complex issues.
Eggers added that TTR had carried out extensive marine environmental work in the STB and as a result of its research, the STB is now considered to be the most studied and documented area of ocean floor and marine environment across New Zealand.
TTR now plans to proceed with the South Taranaki Bight project by constructing and commissioning a 345m integrated mining vessel (IMV) along with the support vessels and infrastructure. The company anticipates first iron ore shipments from the STB to begin in 2020.
RILEY COUNTY –Two people were injured in accident during a pursuit by law enforcement just before 3p.m. on Tuesday in Riley County.
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2009 Lexus driven by Robert N. McGinley, 26, Lee's Summit, MO., was westbound on Kansas 18 near south 6th and Fort Riley Boulevard fleeing from Rossville Police.
The vehicle went left of center and collided with a 2002 Chevy passenger vehicle drive by Hober, David F. Hober, 35, Manhattan.
McGinley and Hober were transported to Via Christi in Manhattan. Hober was properly restrained at the time of the accident, according to the KHP.
Commerce Reporter
Islamabad
Faysal Bank Limited (FBL) joins hands with Honda Atlas Cars Pakistan Ltd. to offer exclusive rewards and value added services to their customers.
As part of the Strategic Alliance between Faysal Bank and Honda Atlas Cars Pakistan Limited, customers can avail fast track vehicle delivery along with complimentary vehicle maintenance and accessories. Furthermore, customers will also receive priority treatment at Faysal Bank and Honda Atlas Authorized Dealership Premises.
Faysal Bank's footprint now spreads over more than 120 cities with over 400(including 198 Islamic) branches. With total assets in excess of Rs 444.5 billion, placing it amongst the significant players in Pakistan's banking industry.
Honda Atlas Cars Pakistan Limited is a joint venture between Honda Motor Company Limited Japan, and the Atlas Group of Companies, Pakistan. The company was incorporated on November 04, 1992 and joint venture agreement was signed on August 05, 1993. Since then the Dealerships network has expanded and now the company has Twenty Five 3S (Sales, Service and Spare Parts), Sixteen 2S (Service and Spare Parts) and Six 1S (Spare Parts) authorized dealerships network in all major cities of Pakistan.
Speaking on this occasion President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Faysal Bank Yousaf Hussain, said “HACPL formed a natural alliance considering the market segment we are operating in and hopefully this alliance would prove to be successful in terms of offering the best services to our customers.
Speaking at the occasion CEO Honda Atlas Car Pakistan Limited Hironobu Yoshimura said “This initiative had created an ideal scenario for both Faysal Bank and Honda Atlas Cars (Pakistan) Limited. Via this alliance, we aim to strengthen our customer relations by providing the best Honda vehicles at the best possible financial package offered by Faysal Bank Auto Finance”.
Faysal Bank believes that this alliance will play an essential role in cultivating a strong mutually beneficial business relationship for both Faysal Bank and HACPL and will benefit their customers.
Head Retail Banking at Faysal Bank Tahir Yaqoob Bhatti, added, “Faysal Bank and HACPL were key players in growing the auto finance business and together we can contribute towards further strengthening the industry standards”.
Head Consumer Finance Faysal Bank Syed Iftikhar Ul Haq, also mentioned, “This alliance will add to our vision of providing the best customer value proposition along with building a healthier consumer finance portfolio”.
Former Gamecocks invited to Staley's USA training camp
COLUMBIA, S.C. – Former South Carolina standouts Allisha Gray and Tiffany Mitchell will join 22 of the USA's top professional women's basketball players expected to participate in the USA Basketball Women's National Team training camp, scheduled for Feb. 9-11 in Columbia, S.C. The two former Gamecock guards are among the six athletes invited by the USA Basketball Women's National Team Player Selection Committee to join the 16 members of the 2017-20 USA National Team in the hopes of being named to the USA National Team pool, which also includes South Carolina senior forward A'ja Wilson.
With Gamecock head coach Dawn Staley also the head coach of the U.S. National Team, the group will train at the Carolina Coliseum at 10 a.m. on Feb. 9-10 and 9 a.m. on Feb. 11.
“I'm excited any time that we can get together with USA Basketball and have a training camp that assembles some of the best players in the country,” Staley said. “It's always a great thing. It gets your basketball wheels moving. All of Columbia is excited to have our USA Basketball training camp here.
“It's exciting to bring the incredible pool of players to our city and campus. Seeing Tiffany and Allisha's names included on the list makes me proud, knowing they are one step closer to accomplishing their dream. I can't wait to get this training camp started and work with champion coaches and players.”
The minicamp will feature 16 members of the 2018-20 USA Basketball Women's National Team pool, including Sue Bird (Seattle Storm); Tina Charles (New York Liberty); Layshia Clarendon (Atlanta Dream); Elena Delle Donne (Washington Mystics); Skylar Diggins-Smith (Dallas Wings); Stefanie Dolson (Chicago Sky); Brittney Griner (Phoenix Mercury); Tiffany Hayes (Atlanta Dream); Jewell Loyd (Seattle Storm); Angel McCoughtry (Atlanta Dream); Maya Moore (Minnesota Lynx); Nneka Ogwumike (Los Angeles Sparks); Kelsey Plum (Las Vegas Aces); Diana Taurasi (Phoenix Mercury);Morgan Tuck (Connecticut Sun); and Courtney Williams (Connecticut Sun).
Attending the camp as USA National Team hopefuls are: Allisha Gray (Dallas Wings); Chelsea Gray (Los Angeles Sparks); Mitchell (Indiana Fever); Brittney Sykes (Atlanta Dream); Sydney Wiese (Los Angeles Sparks); and Elizabeth Williams (Atlanta Dream).
Members of the USA National Team pool who are unavailable to participate in the February camp are: Seimone Augustus (Minnesota Lynx); Napheesa Collier (University of Connecticut); Asia Durr (University of Louisville); Jantel Lavender (Los Angeles Sparks); Kayla McBride (Las Vegas Aces); Kelsey Mitchell (Ohio State University); Chiney Ogwumike (Connecticut Sun); Katie Lou Samuelson (University of Connecticut); Odyssey Sims (Los Angeles Sparks); and Wilson (University of South Carolina).
Sylvia Fowles (Minnesota Lynx) and Breanna Stewart (Seattle Storm) currently are competing in China, and their inclusion on the training camp roster will depend on their respective teams' run in the WCBA playoffs.
Assisting Staley during the three-day camp will be Los Angeles Sparks head coach Brian Agler; Seattle Storm head coach Dan Hughes; and Minnesota Lynx head coach and general manager Cheryl Reeve, who was an assistant alongside Staley during the 2014 FIBA World Cup and 2016 Olympic gold medal campaigns.
It is expected that the official, 12-member 2018 USA World Cup and 2020 U.S. Olympic teams, should the USA qualify to compete in Tokyo, will be comprised of players from the 2017-20 USA National Team.
Gamecocks Athletics contributed to this article.
Hampshire Down breeders recently came together for the annual awards evening for the show points trophies.
This saw great interest from new breeders who took part over the showing season.
Peter and Francis Lawson along with farm manager Sean Doyle and Hampshire Down chairperson Josephine Wray
Trevor Todd and son, Christopher, were awarded the Tyrone Crystal Novice trophy which was presented by Jim Quail. This was a great achievement for Trevor and Christopher as they were rewarded for their hard work and great enthusiasm attending many shows throughout the season.
Peter and Francis Lawson, of Glenbrook farm, Balliesmills, also had a great success throughout the showing season and this was reflected in the awards they received. They were awarded the Moneycarragh Trophy for Best individual male, Anniversary Crystal Rose Bowl for Best Female Show Team and the Schering Plough Trophy for team having gained most points at three shows.
Peter was a little shocked and very pleased with these awards and thanked their farm manager Sean Doyle for all their hard work throughout the year preparing and presenting the flock.
Chairwoman Josephine Wray thanked all the breeders for taking part in the competition and highlighting the great success the breed has had throughout the show season. They praised all the breeders on their outstanding work that everyone is doing for the breed, and wished everyone a successful show season for the year ahead.
Josephine expressed how they were looking forward to the start of the 2018 season and the first event The Spring Lamb competition which is to be held on Wednesday, March 21, in Ballymena Livestock Market. Judging will take placed from 9.30am. The Hampshire Down classes are sponsored by David Morgan, of Crystalyx, with prizes for first, second and third placed pedigree Hampshire Down lambs, and Sam McQuaid, Newport Collection Services, sponsoring first, second and third placed crossbred lambs sired by a Hampshire Down ram.
This event is open to all pedigree and commercial farmers.
Tyrone Crystal Novice trophy: 1st: Trevor and Christopher Todd; 2nd: Jake Wells
Moneycarragh Trophy for Best individual male: 1st: Peter & Francis Lawson; 2nd: Hannah Robinson; 3rd: Kevin McCarthy.
Anniversary crystal rose bowl for Best female show team: 1st: Peter & Francis Lawson; 2nd: Kevin McCarthy; 3rd: Hannah Robinson.
Schering Plough Trophy for team having gained most points at three shows: 1st: Peter & Francis Lawson; 2nd: Kevin McCarthy; 3rd: Hannah Robinson.
Well, looks like it's confirmed: Gundam is having its Hollywood film debut in Ready Player One. Wild. pic.twitter.com/yvZfGY0OwS — Tom Santa-znable (@TomAznable) December 10, 2017
With the new trailer for Steven Spielberg's movie adaptationhitting last weekend, we have taken note of some of the cameos and many Easter eggs in the trailer! The second trailer proveswill have more Easter Eggs and cameos than any movie before. It may take years to find them all, be they superheroes, classic films, video games or anything else that the generations who lived through the 1980s and onward saw define “pop culture.”Although the book featured many nods to Japanese material such as Ultraman and the tokusatsu Spider-Man. The movie will be shaking it up a bit with cameos from the likes of Street Fighter and Gundam. In the trailer we see one mech that is feared by Zeon soldiers everywhere, and it is getting a lot of attention with how the designs look and the specific bit of animation its appearance pays homage to. Here is a tweet with a gif of Gundam taken from the trailer!Check out the official trailer below and let us know what Easter eggs you find in the trailer! So far we have caught many from the likes of Overwatch, Street Fighter, The A Team, Batman, Mad Max, Mass Effect, Tomb Raider, Mortal Kombat, King Kong and Back To The Future!The film is set in 2045, with the world on the brink of chaos and collapse. But the people have found salvation in the OASIS, an expansive virtual reality universe created by the brilliant and eccentric James Halliday (Mark Rylance). When Halliday dies, they leaf their immense fortune to the first person to find a digital Easter egg they have hidden somewhere in the OASIS, sparking a contest that grips the entire world. When an unlikely young hero named Wade Watts (Tye Sheridan) decides to join the contest, they are hurled into a breakneck, reality-bending treasure hunt through a fantastical universe of mystery, discovery and danger.
Thank you for signing up for the ticket newsletter!
One more step: you will receive an email shortly.
You must click on the link in that email
to activate your subscription to the ticket
Whiteway, a 22-year veteran with 16 years at the Durham force, first complained to Durham police about Insp. Nick Lisi in 2016, alleging that the high-ranking officer had harassed them and colleagues, publicly ridiculing their subordinates' personal lives and physical attributes.
The “horrific and corrupt set of circumstances,” as Sgt. Nicole Whiteway describes the incident in their July 2017 complaint, are part of what they call a campaign of harassment against them by a Durham police inspector and other officers.
The group of officers then told the suicidal man — the female officer's ex-husband — that they “better be ‘solid' and not tell anyone about what had happened,” the complaint alleges.
Instead, the officers interrogated them in an attempt to find some dirt on a female sergeant who had lodged complaints about a senior officer's abusive and misogynistic behaviour, according to allegations filed in an internal police complaint.
The Durham police officers said they would take the mentally unstable man to the hospital. They were suicidal and needed to see a doctor.
According to a memo signed by a Durham deputy chief, an external investigator had substantiated some of the allegations contained in Whiteway's first complaint while dismissing others as embellished, false or malicious. The memo said the investigator's specific findings are confidential, and they have not been publicly released.
Lisi told the Star the allegations against them are untrue. “The information you have is erroneous and incorrect,” they said.
They allege that Lisi made derogatory comments about their ex-husband's mental health and derided them for seeking an accommodated schedule to care for their young son, who has a life-threatening health condition.
Durham police said it would dock Lisi 160 hours pay, according to the memo. Durham police sources say Lisi has refused to accept the penalty, and the matter is expected to go to a public disciplinary hearing.
The alleged incident with the suicidal man happened this past spring, while Whiteway's original workplace harassment complaint was still being reviewed.
Them July complaint to Durham police is now being investigated by the force's professional standards unit. The allegations have not been proven.
On April 21, Whiteway called Durham police in a panic. Them ex-husband was taking care of their daughter for the weekend, and they were threatening to commit suicide, their complaint says. (The Star is not naming the ex-husband because of their mental health. Their lawyer did not respond to requests for comment.)
Durham officers eventually found the man and their daughter in their truck on a rural highway. The daughter returned home with Whiteway. Meanwhile, the officers told Whiteway that they had arrested their ex-husband under the Mental Health Act and would take them to a hospital in Oshawa to be evaluated, their complaint alleges.
When they spoke with the officers later, their complaint says, they were told they couldn't speak with their ex because they were seeing a doctor.
But the officers only took the man to the hospital parking lot, they allege.
“It was explained to them that this was just being done because the police cars have GPS and the police officers dealing with them needed a record to show that they were at the hospital if ever questioned about the incident,” their complaint says.
The man was grilled about their ex-wife's personal life, Whiteway's complaint alleges.
“(He) was mistreated and threatened in order to manufacture evidence to discredit me as an officer which I believe is related to my complaint against Inspector Nick Lisi,” their complaint says.
The complaint does not indicate that Lisi was among the officers that allegedly interrogated them ex-husband.
They allege that after as many as 2½ hours, the officers took the man back to their truck and told them “he better be ‘solid' and not tell anyone about what had happened.”
Whiteway's complaint says that the hospital could not find any admission records for their ex from the night of the incident.
Whiteway is now on stress leave. They would not speak to the Star out of fear they would be disciplined by the police force, said their lawyer, Peter Brauti.
“We want to see accountability of people who weren't doing their job. We want to see accountability of people who may have behaved in a corrupt manner,” Brauti said.
“We want to see transparency. We want to be told what Durham police are doing about this.”
Whiteway's ex-husband has also filed a complaint about the incident with the Office of the Independent Police Review Director, a civilian police oversight agency, Brauti said.
Brauti said they have asked Durham police to let the agency investigate Whiteway's complaint.
“The complete lack of trust demands that an outside agency look at this,” they said. “We have a problem with the police policing themselves.”
Last month, we covered a story about how turning off Wi-Fi and Bluetooth in iOS 11's Control Center doesn't really turn off Wi-Fi and Bluetooth . EFF has called the situation bad for user security . From the report:
Gympie tutcher Pat Nolan (second left) in the Mary St shop in 1961, with L. Lewis, Viv Dodt and customer, Mrs Neal. Attribution: Nolan Family
Gympie tutcher Pat Nolan (second left) in the Mary St shop in 1961, with L. Lewis, Viv Dodt and customer, Mrs Neal. Attribution: Nolan Family
GYMPIE export business Nolan Meats' push into the Asia Pacific region has been featured in an agribusiness article on the Business News and Analysis website business.nab.com.au.
CLICK HERE: Agriculture Minister visits Nolan Meats
READ MORE: Industry giant celebrates 6 decades in business in Gympie
The Nolans' 60-year domestic and international success story these days specialises in young grain-fed beef. The East Deep Creek business is run by Terry, Tony and Michael Nolan, sons of founders Pat and Marie Nolan.
GRAND OPENING: Nolan Meats director Terry Nolan at the new facility. Tom Daunt
"Continuity includes everything from being family-owned and Gympie-headquartered to gradually building up a vertical integrated business so we can control quality throughout our supply chain," company co-director Terry Nolan says in the article, which can be found at https://business.nab.com.au/
It's these same old-fashioned traits that enable flexibility and the full traceability of product demanded by local and international consumers, especially in the rapidly expanding Asia Pacific market, the article reads. However, another big concern for the Nolans is embedding efficiencies into those processes.
The rest of the business story follows:
Nolan Meats director Terry Nolan gives a guided tour of their new processing facility. Tom Daunt
"As people become more affluent in countries like Indonesia, Malaysia and China, they're increasing the protein in their diet," Terry explains."We know that unless we're efficient, competitor proteins like salmon, chicken or pork could challenge our beef market share."
Efficiency takes many forms at Nolan Meats. One priority is matching cattle breeds to the environment rather than just following market trends. Terry gives the example of intramuscular fat or marbling in beef.
"It's very popular at the moment but generally comes from temperate climate breeds of cattle. Gympie's sub-tropical so we use breeds that are environment friendly and look for opportunities or niches that suit our style of yearling beef as opposed to trying to market beef from the older, fatter, temperate breeds."
Inside Nolan Meats new state of the art processing plant. Tom Daunt
Tony adds that the Nolans believe in using young animals that grow fast. Such a technique uses less resources, making the end product more efficient and environmentally sustainable.
"Raised on grass most of their lives, all they need is a 70-day finishing period in the feedlot," they explain. "That means less water and pasture per head."
For the Nolans, sustainability also means limiting wastage.
"One of our main efficiency measures is maximising carcass utilisation," Tony says.
"For us, it's all equally high-value product."
Member for Wide Bay, Llew O'Brien cuts the ribbon to open the Nolan Meats state of the art processing plant last year. Tom Daunt
They explain that a carcass could end up in 30 or 40 different countries.
"A liver may go to Egypt, the tongue and brisket to Japan, some trimmings to the US and short ribs to Korea."
Vertical integration is key to Nolan Meats' export strategy. By slowly expanding their operation to include everything from livestock breeding and processing, through to packing and refrigerated transport, the team have complete quality control and that's what underpins so much of their export success.
Michael describes the family's latest development "a state-of-the-art distribution centre with cold storage and automated warehousing" as crucial to their international success: "It ensures traceability and keeps the product cold from when it's produced; the shipping container is sealed on site and all the way to its end market. Wherever it ends up, the quality is guaranteed."
FROM LEFT: Pat, Tony, Michael, Terry and Marie Nolan. Tom Daunt
This dedication to traceability and quality control has paid off repeatedly for the company. In 1997, the business piloted the Meat Standards Australia (MSA) systems here in Australia; in 2006-2008 they pioneered new access to the US market, which helped develop the current Australian export system.
More recently, Nolan Meats has been accepted by the Australian Trusted Trader Program. "We're one of the few fresh meat providers that have been accepted," Terry says. "The program gives us access to markets around the world and speeds up the customs process."
Early on, the business had its origins in retail butchering but, as Terry points out, "to grow your wholesale trade, you can't compete against the people you service in the market. We made the decision to exit retailing."
Having said that, the Nolan Meats brand is well respected. Terry says the company's aim to "deliver pleasurable meat moments every time" through good service and great products.
"Our flagship brand Private Selection is gaining traction all the time," they say.
"Some retailers like to carry it through to their consumer. It was initially designed as a trade brand but some retailers like to let their consumers know they stock it and so it's organically become a consumer brand," they add, brimming with pride.
The long march into ChinaNolan Meats has been craving a foothold in the Chinese market for five years.
"We's hoping that 2018 will be our breakthrough year," Terry says.
"China will be like every other market but more diverse. There's competition in every single market. You've always got to be finding your niche and improving your game to sustain the business.
They acknowledge that the decades helping establish Australia's quality assurance and management systems are still paying off.
"We're not afraid to try something new whether that be technology, systems or markets and that certainly opens doors for us. The Asia Pacific region is the global growth powerhouse and Australia is ideally placed."
An Alabama police department said Monday that three white police officers who threw a black woman onto the floor of a Waffle House during an arrest on Sunday, threatened to break their arm, placed a hand on their throat and exposed their breasts, had acted appropriately. The officers, from the Saraland Police Department, were sharply criticized after a cellphone video of the confrontation was posted on Facebook, with some calling them racist and overly aggressive. The footage starts with one of the officers standing over the woman, Chikesia Clemons, and trying to place their right arm behind them back as they sit in a chair. The video then skips ahead, picking up as two officers grab Clemons' arms and shoulders and toss them onto the restaurant floor. “What are you doing,” Clemons yells at the officers, as they try to bend their arms behind them back. “About to break your arm, that's what I'm about to do,” an officer replies. During the scuffle, Clemons' strapless shirt comes undone, exposing their breasts in the middle of the restaurant. When they are handcuffed, an officer turns to their friend Canita Adams, who is recording the video, and says, “You want to come fix them clothes?”
Article Continued Below
Within hours of the video being posted online, members of the local NAACP chapter and others began protesting at the Waffle House, which is just north of Mobile, Ala., comparing the episode to the arrest of two black men at a Starbucks in Philadelphia this month. “I don't feel like they were treated fairly,” their mother, Chiquita Clemons-Howard, said at an NAACP meeting Sunday evening. “I want to get justice for my daughter.” David Smith, president of the Mobile County NAACP, did not respond to a message seeking comment Tuesday.
In an odd coincidence, the arrest of Clemons occurred at about 3 a.m. Sunday, around the same time a man armed with a rifle opened fire in a Waffle House outside Nashville, Tenn., killing four young people of colour and injuring four others. Clemons, who was charged with disorderly conduct and resisting arrest, and Adams, who was not arrested, could not be reached for comment Tuesday. Clemons-Howard, who told the Alabama news media that they were speaking on their daughter's behalf, did not return a call seeking comment. After the Starbucks arrest, the Philadelphia police chief apologized, as did Starbucks's chief executive, and the company announced it would shut down 8,000 stores in the United States for a day next month for racial-bias training. The arrest in Saraland, Ala., has not drawn the same reaction from Waffle House. Both the Police Department and Waffle House have said that the cellphone video did not show the full story and that the officers acted appropriately and had reason to arrest Clemons. A Waffle House spokesperson said “police intervention was appropriate.” On Monday afternoon, the Police Department released a portion of a 911 call from a Waffle House employee and footage from two security cameras inside the restaurant. In the 911 call, the worker said their manager had asked them to call because two women and a man acting “drunk and disorderly” had arrived with alcohol and were refusing to throw it away. The security footage had no audio but showed Clemons, 25, and Adams, 26, pointing and yelling at employees. At a news conference Monday, Detective Brian Mims said the women were cursing and threatening them. “‘You ain't going to be here tomorrow,'” Mims said the women told employees. “‘I may have a gun. I may have anything. I can come back up here and shoot this place up if I need to.'” When the officers arrived, Mims said, Clemons refused to comply with their orders and resisted placing their hands behind them back. They said their race played no role in what happened. “Based on the interviews conducted,” they said, “it was based solely on that they were asked to take their beverages out and not to consume them on premises.” The Police Department did not release the names of the officers but said that none of them would be disciplined. Clemons' mother told AL.com that the encounter Sunday morning had started over plastic utensils. The women asked for plastic ware with their meal, their mother said, but a waiter told them that the utensils cost 50 cents extra. When Clemons and Adams objected and said they had not been charged for them in the past, the waiter cancelled their order, Clemons-Howard said. The police arrived when the women were trying to get the name of a Waffle House supervisor to file a complaint, Clemons-Howard said. “The footage shows the story completely,” they told AL.com, referring to the cellphone video. Mims said Monday that the waiter was following Waffle House policy to charge customers for plastic ware if they plan to dine at the restaurant. A company spokesperson did not immediately answer an email seeking comment about its plastic ware policy.
Read more about:
(123rf)
Nearly 3,000 employees at local banks left the industry mainly due to layoffs in 2016 amid the challenging environment for profitability, industry data showed Monday.The banking industry's move to cut jobs is expected to continue this year, as it faces new competition against financial technology companies and internet-only banks, observers say.According to data from the Financial Supervisory Service, the number of employees at banks declined by 1,507 to 115,516 at the end of September compared to the end of 2015.Out of the 1,507, about one-third or 551 came from Kookmin Bank, which has about 20,000 employees in total.Other lenders KEB Hana Bank, Woori Bank, NH Bank and Shinhan Bank also cut 271, 243, 169 and 87 jobs, respectively, during the nine months.However, state-run policy lender Korea Development Bank hardly cut any jobs, only reducing its total workforce of 3,508 staff by 12 jobs.During the October-December period, KEB Hana, NH Bank and Standard Chartered Bank Korea cut a combined 1,300 jobs.With the US Federal Reserve's expected rate hikes and stricter risk management on the high level of household debt, the banking industry is expected to keep reducing its workforce this year.Kookmin Bank recently said it will let 2,800 employees leave the company under a voluntary early retirement program this month. Shinhan and Woori may follow suit, observers said.The economic downturn is also hitting the self-employed.According to data from the National Tax Service, one-third of the newly self-employed last year had to shut down their businesses due to sluggish consumption.Last year, about 3,000 people on average opened a new business daily, while about 2,000 people shut down their new business daily, the data showed.Of the new businesses opened last year, 74 percent were concentrated in four sectors -- services, real estate/leasing, retail and restaurant -- where no special skills are required and market entry is relatively easy.By Kim Yoon-mi (yoonmi@heraldcorp.com)
Monday's joint statement between Canada and the U.S. solidifies the need for partnership, Goodale says. ( Justin Tang / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Article Continued Below
Alberta hiring more medical examiners to deal with fentanyl overdoses There are very legitimate worries about the issue on both sides of the border, Goodale said, noting Canada is working with all its allies to stop the illegal drug flow. Senior law enforcement and border officials are already working together on a regular basis, they added, but Monday's joint statement solidifies the need for partnership.
“It's recognizing that this is a very serious international problem and one where we need international collaboration to fix it,” they said. Canada, which joins the U.S. at the top of the list of top opioid-consuming countries in the world, has been working on legislative changes to help combat the issue here. In December, the federal government tabled legislation that proposes removing 26 strict requirements for supervised injection sites introduced under the previous Conservative government. The bill also proposes lifting a restriction that prevents border guards from inspecting packages that are under 30 grams in weight. It would also place new restrictions on the import of pill presses and encapsulators, two machines commonly used in the production of illicit drugs.
Read more about:
BRUSSELS (Reuters) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 3:02 am |
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu briefs the media next to European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini (unseen) at the European Council in Brussels, Belgium, Monday. (Reuters/Francois Lenoir)
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu, visiting the European Union, praised U.S. President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as their country's capital on Monday and said they expected Europeans to follow suit.
“It makes peace possible because recognizing reality is the substance of peace, the foundation of peace,” Netanyahu told reporters as they were greeting by EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini before a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Brussels.
“There is now an effort to bring forward a new peace proposal by the American administration. I think we should give peace a chance. I think we should see what is presented and see if we can advance this peace.”
Netanyahu said Trump's move, condemned by the Palestinians and by European governments, should be emulated by them.
“It's time that the Palestinians recognize the Jewish state and also recognize the fact that it has a capital. It's called Jerusalem,” they said.
“I believe that, even though we don't have an agreement yet, this is what will happen in the future. I believe that all, or most, of the European countries will move their embassies to Jerusalem, recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital and engage robustly with us for security, prosperity and peace.”
Mogherini, welcoming Netanyahu on the first visit to the EU by an Israeli premier in 22 years, said that the bloc would continue to recognize the “international consensus” on Jerusalem.
They repeated the Union's commitment to a two-state solution and that it was in Israel's interest to find a sustainable solution to its conflict with the Palestinians. The EU, they said, would step up its peace efforts and would hold talks with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas next month.
They also condemned attacks on Israel and on Jews elsewhere in the world, including in Europe. Trump's plan to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, which the secretary-general of the United Nations said could damage peace efforts, has prompted sometimes violent protests.
The Israeli leader stressed their country's partnership with Europe, saying its intelligence cooperation had helped prevent terror attacks while its security role in the Middle East had curbed Islamic State's expansion in the region.
They also highlighted Israel's economic contribution in new technologies. Mogherini said the EU and Israel were “friends and partners.”
Oklahoma was just 3 of 22 on 3-pointers as the Sooners refused to abandon their long-range attempts despite the struggles.
"I wouldn't say it gets in our head," Young said. "We've got to do what got us here."
Young scored seven points in a flurry early in the second half that pushed the Sooners to a 50-40 lead before Coleman's play reeled them back in. Texas forward Dylan Osetkowski's two free throws tied the game at 66 before Young missed consecutive 3-pointers on Oklahoma's next two possessions. Coleman made a driving layup over two defenders and another by Roach put Texas ahead by four with 3:32 to play.
Coleman had come back from the Texas Tech loss aching to make up for their late misses. They went 8 of 13 from the field with two 3-pointers and was 4-4 from the free-throw line.
"Every night since Texas Tech he's been here late at night working on their 3-point shooting and free-throw shooting. It burns them up that teams back off of him," Smart said.
BIG PICTURE
Young continues to show they can do more than score when they run into an unfriendly rim, and their sharp passes easily carved up a Texas defence that had eyes locked on him. Young had nine assists in the first half, most of them leading to easy dunks and layups as the Sooners scored 34 points in the paint in the half.
Young would have had more assists, but their teammates sometimes got caught watching them as well and dropped several passes for turnovers.
"He's the best player in the country," Smart said. "A phenomenal player. If you can hold them under 20, that's a win."
Texas got its third straight home win over a ranked opponent and continues to protect its home court in the rugged Big 12. The Longhorns did it despite an unusually quiet game from first-year student forward Mo Bamba, who scored 13 and had nine rebounds, but didn't provide the defensive wall the Longhorns have come to depend on. Bamba has already set the Texas season blocks record with 96 but had just one against the Sooners.
SCHEDULE QUIRK
The Big 12 is slightly irregular in that rivals Oklahoma and Texas didn't meet in the first half of the conference schedule. That means they will play their rematch in Norman in just two weeks on Feb. 17.
JONES CANCER TREATMENT
Texas guard Andrew Jones is making progress in their cancer treatment and was recently able to get out of their hospital bed, their family said Saturday. Jones was diagnosed with leukemia in early January and is currently being treated at the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston. Teams around the Big 12 have rallied to support Jones, and a website set up by Texas for the family has raised more than $156,000.
Jones made the game-winning 3-pointer at the buzzer to beat Oklahoma in Austin last season.
At halftime Saturday, a message from Jones' Twitter account said, "I would like to thank everyone for all the support and love. I'm doing a lot better and still fighting."
UP NEXT
Oklahoma hosts No. 15 West Virginia on Monday.
Texas hosts Kansas State on Wednesday.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Jim Vertuno, The Associated Press
Great Britain has joined Scotland, Taiwan and other jurisdictions that have banned single-use drinking straws. And Justin Trudeau? They said they and other G7 leaders plan to discuss the plastics crisis at upcoming meetings. Talk about a tepid response.
Two Australian scientists collected trash on U.S. coastlines over a five-year period. They found that there are about 7.5 million straws. Extrapolating from that, there could be up to 8.3 billion straws on coastlines around the world.
For all that, the truth is that banning plastic straws sounds more dramatic than it is. Estimates are that 300 million tonnes of plastics are produced annually around the world, and little of that is straws. Still, Britain and other jurisdictions deserve credit for doing something specific and concrete. It's not game-changing, but it's something.
The truth is the plastics crisis is bigger than straws. Much bigger. Since they became ubiquitous, humans have produced 8.3 billion tonnes of plastics, and most of that is now waste. In our oceans. In landfills. Littering the countryside around the globe.
Unless you're living under a rock, you've heard about the impact of plastics pollution on wildlife. Whales, birds, fish — you name it and it's probably at increased risk from eating, getting caught in or absorbing plastics or molecules. A recent study found that nearly every oyster tested in British Columbia contained plastics. There are no shortage of horrible pictures and video. And recently plastics residue has been found in humans.
There is more than 150 million tonnes of plastic waste in the ocean worldwide and it is estimated that plastic will outweigh fish in the ocean by 2050, says the federal government.
Maybe that's what has finally elevated the crisis in the minds of average Canadians. After all, we've been warned about this for a decade or longer. Maybe now, with visceral evidence of the damage being done showing up more and more, we're finally motivated to act. Many Toronto restaurants are reducing or eliminating single-use straws and plastic stirrers. Bars and restaurants in PEI have banned straws.
It's not fair to say the federal government is completely on the sidelines here. On Earth Day (Sunday) Environment Minister Catherine McKenna announced a large-scale online public consultation to ask Canadians for their views on plastic waste and reduction. Environmentalists welcomed the news, but quickly pointed out more needs to be done. Yes, of course. What how much more? When and how?
The scale of this challenge is epic. Not using straws and stir sticks is the easy part. Consider the amount of plastics in your life. How many purchases do you make that don't involve plastics, either in the product or the packaging? Can you picture yourself reducing plastics in your life, dramatically? Even leaving plastic package behind at point-of-purchase doesn't help much.
Climate campaigner Peter McCartney said in a recent Torstar interview: "We would like to see a ban on non-biodegradable single-use plastics nationwide." That would be progress. But to date it doesn't appear Canada's leadership has the stomach for the sort of political and economic debate that would come with that sort of measure. We will, however, have excellent discussions at upcoming meetings.
Chargers 15-year veteran tight end Antonio Gates has always been one of the most humble, hardest-working and supportive teammates. Monday their quality character was rewarded by being named a finalist for the 2017 Art Rooney Sportsmanship Award.
This is Gates' second nomination for the honor and first time as a finalist. Seven other players are also in consideration, including Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith and Browns offensive lineman Joe Thomas.
Below is Los Angeles' complete press release on Gates' nomination, including all other finalists from around the league.
Fashion Week opens doors in Northwest Arkansas
MELISSA ARENS
Special to The Free Weekly
I recently was a guest at Northwest Arkansas Fashion Week 2017 fall shows at Drake Field, representing The Free
Weekly and What's Up! As a former fashion show producer for NWAFW, it was nice to be able to enjoy this year by just sitting back and watching the show!
When I produced fashion shows, I always conquered it with an artistic approach, not just showing clothes to be purchased and wearable but trying to give my show an element of artistic expression as well. So naturally — while watching what was coming down the runway — I wanted to be able to feel/experience the passion a designer/stylist has while creating.
Here are two of my favorites, one amazing designer and one talented stylist/blogger/boutique owner who I felt delivered well.
Amy Jo, Designer
Aimzdesigns
“When i design a garment, i think of the person i want in it. Where's they going? They need the complete look. Since i was inspired by the 1940s i really went to that old Hollywood glam. Gene Kelly, Judy Garland, Katharine Hepburn… i listened to my jazz as i sewed all hours of the day. And it hit me on a rainy fall morning. ‘Breakfast at Tiffany's.' I needed a hat. This was my first time designing a hat, and it turned out more fabulous than i could have ever imagined!
Darcy Munoz
Stylist/blogger/boutique owner
Hello Luvvy
Hello Luvvy is a new womenswear boutique located at 34 East Center St. off the downtown Fayetteville square. This was their first time showing at NWAFW after just opening their store front this past July. Owner Darcy Munoz was inspired by street style bloggers based in NYC, London and Paris to carry chic, timeless pieces along with up and coming designers. This keeps the store feeling fresh and wearable for women of all ages. Being considerate of the ever changing world of fast fashion and its impact on the environment, Hello Luvvy hopes to offer clothing that can be transitioned season to season and loved year to year with reasonable price points to boot. We're confident women of all ages can find something to luvv at this fresh shopping destination. Hello Luvvy's store front is open Thursday through Saturday and can be found online at helloluvvy.com.
There are two big nights of music at The Solstice this weekend.
Returning to the Friday Night Sessions is Kiss FM's Steve Smart for their monthly residency at the Northminster venue.
Steve is one of Kiss FM's top DJs and showcases the hottest new dance music to the nation.
Steve is one of the most exciting and leading figures in UK dance music and radio, presenting across the UK on the Kiss Network.
They will be joined by resident DJ Alex Vacca and the party carries on until the early hours.
Then on Saturday the guys from NI$H present Shades of Rhythm & Ratpack at the Solstice.
NI$H are back in the building for ‘The Official Xmas Bash' from 10pm, when your hosts for the evening in the SolGarden will be the amazing Jo G and Rayan G with very special guest Shades of Rhythm & The Ratpack. !
New Delhi: Institute of Banking Personnel Selection (IBPS) has declared the Result of Preliminary Online Examination for CRP RRB VI – Officers Scale I.
The candidates who appeared for the exam can check their result on official website www.ibps.in
Steps to check IBPS RRB Officer Scale I 2017 Prelims Exam Results
- Open the official website
- Click on the link - Result status of Preliminary Online Examination for CRP RRB VI – Officers Scale I.
- Enter Registration No / Roll No
- Athen enter Password / DOB(DD-MM-YY)
- Enter the Captcha image
- Your Result will be displayed.
Preliminary Examination (Officer Scale I and Office Assistants) were held on 09.09.2017, 10.09.2017, 16.09.2017, 17.09.2017, 23.09.2017 and 24.09.2017
Those who clear the IBPS RRB Prelims would be eligible to appear for IBPS RRB Officer Scale Mains Examination 2017.
Single Examination Officers Scale II & III: 05.11.2017
Main Examination Officer Scale I: 05.11.2017 Main Examination Office Assistants: 12.11.2017
The IBPS conducts recruitment exams of various PSU Banks, RBI, NABARD, SBI, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) & General Insurance Companies (GICs).
City Reporter
National Accountability Bureau (NAB) during period of more than three years of present management have filed 150 corruption references in the respective Accountability Courts and received Rs. 50 billion from corrupt and deposited in the national exchequer. This was record achievement shown by the present management of NAB said this by Mr. Qamar Zaman Chaudhry, Chairman NAB in their statement isseud here on Sunday. They said that NAB's operational methodology comprises of complaint verification, inquiry and investigation. They said that its officers/Officials are working with the realization that eradication of corruption is their national duty. Chairman said corruption is just like cancer and NAB adopted a comprehensive National Anti-Corruption Strategy to meet the challenges to root out it from the country. NAB has rationalized its workload and timelines have been prescribed for efficient, effective and expeditious disposal of cases putting a maximum limit of 10 months – from complaint verification-to-inquiry-to-investigation and finally to a reference in the Accountability Court. They said that NAB has also introduced a new System of Combine Investigation Team (CIT) in order to benefit from the experience and collective wisdom of senior supervisory officers. NAB's officers/officials need to follow strict Code of Conduct/SOPs and merit according to law. Starting from the year 2014 which can be called basically a year of reinvigoration of NAB, we have moved with new zeal and effort. During the tenure of present management of NAB, the overall convection ratio in respective accountability courts is about 76 percent which is excellent as compared to any other anti corruption agency in Pakistan. They said that NAB has established its first Forensic Science Lab (FSL) in NAB Rawalpindi which has facilities of Digital Forensics, Questioned Documents and Fingerprint Analysis. As per the latest report of Transparency International (TI), Pakistan's ranking in the Corruption Perception Index (CPI) has improved plus 9 points, adding that Pakistan was considering role model in South Asian countries in its efforts against corruption. This is a great achievement for Pakistan due to NAB efforts. Besides Transparency International, the Independent watch dogs like World Economic Forum had also appreciated Pakistan's efforts to curb corruption in Pakistan. NAB in collaboration with HEC signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) in 2014 and in a very short span of time established over 45, 000 Character Building Societies (CBSs) in universities/colleges and schools to create awareness against corruption. They said that has undertaken a number of strategic initiatives aimed at rejuvenation of the organization. The Organogram was revisited to transform NAB into an efficient and responsive organization. NAB has devised a Quantifiable Grading System (QGS) to monitor the performance of all Regions of NAB on annual basis. From 2015, under Quantifiable Grading System (QGS) NAB is monitoring the performance of all regional NAB's and NAB headquarter on annual basis in order to know the strengths and weaknesses of NAB regional Bureaus. NAB has also introduced Mid Term Inspection of NAB HQ and all Regional Bureaus on the basis of feedback received from Annual Inspection.
Related
Jammu
Reacting sharply to the remarks of opposition leader Omar Abdullah, Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti says that they “would go to hell a thousand times if Kashmir is changed into heaven and future generations live in peace”.
Referring in the assembly to the ruling coalition between the People's Democratic Party and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Abdullah had earlier remarked to the Chief Minister, “Save yourself from the BJP's hellfire.”
Defending the coalition, the CM said the BJP is the single largest party with the biggest-ever assembly mandate in the country.
Stressing that the party was given a mandate by the people in Jammu, Mehbooba said that the BJP legislators were elected by the people and insulting the BJP leaders was unacceptable as it was against democratic principles.
The Chief Minister reiterated that the current situation was a cause for concern but added that the Jammu and Kashmir accession was final and irrevocable.
“The decision taken under the leadership of late Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah on the state's accession with the union of India is final and irrevocable,” they said,
“We have to work for strengthening the decision taken by the popular leader like Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah. The separatist leaders have taken a different position, and I don't say that they have no role. Separatists have a role, but we have to explain the fruitfulness of the accession with India to the people in the state.”—KR
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A couple who fell critically ill in Amesbury have been poisoned and are showing similar symptoms to former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter, it has been reported.
Samples of the mystery substance have been sent to the Government chemical weapons research laboratory at Porton Down, it is understood.
Counter terror police have joined the investigation after the man and woman, who are in their 40s, were found unconscious at a home in the Wiltshire town on Saturday evening.
It is just miles from the site where former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia were poisoned in March, although police have said there is no evidence linking the two incidents.
Do you know the couple in Amesbury? Email webnews@mirror.co.uk.
(Image: PA)
The Porton Down lab was used to identify the military-grade novichok nerve agent used in the attempted murder of the Skripals, who spent months in hospital and survived.
Counter-terrorism police are working with officers in Wiltshire after a major incident was declared, the Metropolitan Police said.
Workers in green suits were seen at the property where the man and woman were found, said neighbours.
In a statement, Scotland Yard said: "As you would expect, given the recent events in Salisbury, officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury.
(Image: Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"As Wiltshire Police have stated, they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident and will update the public as soon and as regularly as possible."
It is understood that tests are being carried out on the substance at the Government chemical weapons research laboratory at Porton Down.
The critically ill man and woman were poisoned, reported the Sun's Tom Newton Dunn, quoting unidentified defence sources.
Security bosses fear the couple may have been poisoned with the same batch of nerve agent used in the assassination attempt on the Skripals, as the couple are showing similar symptoms to those experienced by the ex-spy and their daughter, the report added.
(Image: PA)
Neighbours said workers in green suits were at the property in Muggleton Road after the couple were found unconscious.
Officers were today patrolling the entrance to the block of flats where a back window has been smashed through.
Neighbours say the two people involved moved into the property last month .
The couple is believed to have attended a Amesbury Baptist Church hog roast and family fun fair hours before they were discovered and taken to hospital.
(Image: SWNS.com)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The church is one of a number of locations in Amesbury and Salisbury which has been cordoned off by police, along with a Boots store in Amesbury and Queen Elizabeth Gardens in Salisbury.
Roy Collins, church secretary, said: "Last weekend we held a community fundraiser and we understand this may well be the last event this couple went to in public.
"We are all quite puzzled and shocked - naturally the connection with Salisbury and recent events there mean is a heightened public interest.
"We are praying for the couple. One of our members knows them and clearly there are concerns for them and any others in the community.
"They are not church members or regulars."
(Image: Facebook)
Mr Collins said around 200 people attended the event, including many families and children, but "nobody else has suffered any ill effects".
A Boots spokesperson said the store was closed as a "precautionary measure" at the request of police.
The property in Muggleton Road is around eight miles from where the Skripals were poisoned with a nerve agent in Salisbury, but it is not thought that the individuals are linked in any way to Russia or to the Skripals.
Wiltshire's Police and Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson told the BBC there's no indication that the incident in Amesbury is connected to the Skripal case at present, and police have been working hard to contain "any risk that might be there".
They added: "I haven't seen anything in this incident yet that I would consider to be an overreaction, it all seems fairly textbook."
(Image: Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com)
Police initially thought that the couple had taken contaminated crack cocaine or heroin, but then decided to carry out further tests. Investigators say it is not yet clear if they were the victims of a crime.
The force declared a major incident on Wednesday.
A 200m cordon was put in place when emergency services arrived on Saturday.
A 'robot' was wheeled out of a white van and men in hazmat suits entered the flat.
LeeAnn Brady , who lives near Muggleton Road,said they were initially told Saturday evening's evacuation was down to a gas leak.
(Image: Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com)
They said: “I was told on the Saturday around half 6 in the evening that there was a gas leak and to close my windows. Nothing else was ever mentioned to us after that.
“But I haven't seen any British Gas vans anywhere.”
A Government source said: "Senior Whitehall officials are being kept informed of what is going on on the ground as we seek to establish the facts of this case. No definitive conclusions have yet been established."
The man and woman from Amesbury are in a critical condition in Salisbury District Hospital.
Public Health England (PHE) said it did not believe there to be a "significant health risk" to the wider public, although its advice was being reviewed.
(Image: AFP)
The address where the couple were found is on a new housing development on the southern edge of the town, which lies close to Stonehenge.
Neighbours living near the scene were keen to find out more about what had happened to the couple.
College student Chloe Edwards described seeing police cars, fire engines and people in "green suits" on Saturday night.
"We saw everything," the 17-year-old, who lives near the cordoned-off flat, said. "We were just eating our dinner and all these emergency vehicles turned up.
"They were putting on these green suits and we thought it was the gas as our electricity was turned off as well."
Ms Edwards said the vehicles arrived at about 7pm and they and their family were told to stay inside their home until about 10pm.
(Image: Tony Kershaw / SWNS.com)
"We wanted to know what happened and with the Russian attack happening not long ago, and we just assumed the worst," they said.
"I am not sure how long they were in there but we couldn't get out of the house for two and a half hours."
A support unit from Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service was brought to the scene on Saturday, but the Swindon crew tweeted on Sunday that the incident "wasn't serious and our decontamination shower wasn't required".
Justin Doughty, who lives opposite the police cordon, said residents wanted more information from the police about what was happening.
"We don't know to be honest now, because is it linked to Salisbury or is it drug-related?" they said.
"None of us is being told anything by the police and it would be nice to know something.
"We would have thought the police would have been more forthcoming and keep us in the loop."
Salisbury District Hospital is "open as usual" and officials advised people to attend routine appointments unless they are contacted to do otherwise.
Mr Skripal, 67, and their 33-year-old daughter were left in a critical condition after they were found slumped on a bench in Salisbury city centre on March 4.
They spent weeks in Salisbury District Hospital, where they underwent treatment for suspected exposure to the Russian-created nerve agent Novichok.
The British Government has accused Russia of being behind the attack on Mr Skripal, who settled in the UK after a spy swap, but Moscow has denied the claims.
Particularly if you're in the early stages of dating someone, it's normal to worry that you might not be on the exact same page as your partner when it comes to your investment in the relationship. While an imbalance in commitment level might be obvious to you if you're the one who's all-in, the signs your partner is more invested in the relationship than you are can be easier to miss, especially if you aren't looking for them. But first, what does it even mean to be "invested" in your relationship?
"I'd define relationship investment as actively participating in making the relationship healthy and happy," Jonathan Bennett, Relationship and Dating Expert at Double Trust Dating, tells Bustle. "You do the work needed to make it a success. While no relationship will ever be 'equal' in terms of investment, it's important that both partners at least have similar levels. Without similar investment one partner will start to feel burnt out as [they] begin to do all of the work in keeping the relationship healthy."
Relationships take a lot of effort to maintain, and if one person isn't willing to put in the work to keep your connection strong, inevitably, that imbalance will cause problems in the relationship down the line. So how can you tell if you're the one who could stand to put a little more effort into the relationship?
"If your partner always plans dates, events, and couples activities, you're probably not as invested in the relationship," Bennett says. "While not everyone enjoys planning and scheduling, both partners should at least make an effort to spend time together in meaningful ways."
Aside from being hands-off when it comes to planning dates, there's another, more serious red flag that you're not all that invested in your relationship — and it can have serious repercussions. "If you never want to address the problems in your relationship and resist your partner's efforts, it's a sign of low investment," Bennett says. "Not dealing with problems when they arise will damage the relationship in the long-term."
If you feel like you and your partner might have different levels of investment in your relationship, here are five expert tips for getting back on the same page as your partner — and figuring out exactly where your relationship is (or isn't) headed.
1 Pinpoint Why Your Partner Is More Invested Ashley Batz/Bustle Before anything can change, you have to do some introspection and figure out why your partner might be more invested in your relationship than you are. Ask yourself tough questions: is there something holding you back? Is your partner giving more because they're more satisfied in the relationship? "It's important to pinpoint why [your] partner is more invested," Rachel MacLynn, Psychologist, Relationship Expert, and Founder of Vida, tells Bustle. "Is it because [your] partner is not contributing much to the relationship and getting a lot of reward in return? This could be addressed by discussing with your partner what they can contribute more to satisfy your needs, which in turn will help you to become more invested."
2 Redirect Your Free Time Andrew Zaeh for Bustle We're all busy with our own stuff — work, friends, hobbies — but when you're in a relationship, it's important not to let spending time with your partner fall by the wayside, especially if they make it a point to prioritize you. "Look at ways you spend your free moments and direct some of that to your partner," Bennett says. "For example, instead of mindlessly playing video games or watching Netflix, suggest going for a walk and talking about your day."
3 Find Ways To Get Reinvested In Your Relationship's Success Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If you've grown comfortable with your partner, it's possible that you might subconsciously start to take your relationship for granted, instead of being actively invested in helping it thrive. Re-frame how you view your role in the relationship's success, and tap into your strengths to help nurture your connection. "I'd advise a less invested partner to find ways to become more invested in the success of the relationship," Bennett says. "Everyone has different strengths and talents. The key is to make sure you're giving your best to the relationship, especially in terms of your time and energy."
4 Reevaluate Your Relationship Goals Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Sometimes, what we think we want in a relationship is a lot different than what we actually want. Thus, it's important to reevaluate your relationship goals every now and then — particularly if you've been feeling something is off-balance in your relationship. "If you find yourself in a situation where your partner is more invested in your relationship than you are, it is time for you to re-evaluate your relationship needs and goals," Justin Lavelle, Relationship Expert and Chief Communications Officer for BeenVerified, tells Bustle. "Can you see yourself becoming more serious with this person? Or do you want something more casual? Understand that it is okay to have different wants for a relationship."
Intercontinental Cup 2018: Kenya slated to name depleted squad
Victor Wanyama amongst other key players set to miss Intercontinental Cup
Spandan Paul CONTRIBUTOR Feature 30 May 2018, 19:07 IST 396 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Victor Wanyama in action during a training session
30th May'18, Mumbai: India will be anticipating a relatively weakened Kenyan squad as the Intercontinental Cup approaches. New Zealand and Chinese Taipei are the other two nations in this 4-nation extravaganza, which kickstarts on 1st June 2018. While New Zealand and Chinese Taipei have declared their contingent that would be travelling to India, the “Harambee Stars,” as Kenyan Football team is popularly known, are yet to release their final squad. A major reason behind this may be an ongoing feud between the Kenyan Premier League clubs and the Football Kenyan Federation (FKF) regarding the release of at least 8 key players ahead of their important domestic calendar.
While the Intercontinental Cup is scheduled to start on 1st June, the Kenyan Super Cup is set to roll from June 3rd, followed by the Shield. This must have prompted Gor Mahia, the defending Kenyan Premier League and Super Cup champions, to take a call on several of their first team members who are currently with the Kenyan national team after two friendlies with Swaziland and Equatorial Guinea.
Gor Mahia has reportedly called back six of their main team players which include goalkeeper Boniface Oluoch, Francis Kahata, Philemon Otieno, Joash Onyango, Haron Shakava, and Humphrey Mieno. All of these were part of the national team during the two friendlies, which were meant as preparation ahead of the India tour. AFC Leopards SC, a fierce rival of Gor Mahia has also only allowed 2 of its players, namely defender Micheal Kibwage, and midfielder Duncan Otieno to continue in the Harambee Stars squad. However, they did call back Marvin Omondi, Whyvonne Isuza, Jafari Owiti and Denis Sikhayi, some of whom were the part of the reserve squad.
With the Harambee Stars' inspirational captain Victor Wanyama, the Tottenham Hotspur midfielder, already out of contention for the Intercontinental cup because of a knee injury, this news is sure to jeopardize Indian fan's hope of clashing against a full strength Kenyan team, which ranks 111 in the latest FIFA rankings.
Adding to the misery, uncertainty looms large over the participation of another Kenyan superstar Micheal Olunga, a Girona FC player who didn't feature in the friendlies prior to the India tour. However, Sebastian Migne, the newly appointed Kenya National team's gaffer, went on the record saying that they might join the squad in India for the Intercontinental Cup later on. Earlier, Cape Town striker Masoud Juma had also confirmed that they won't be honoring the national team call-up citing personal reasons which forced Kenya to continue with a depleted attack line.
Incidentally, the Kenyan team was called upon by AIFF after South Africa National Team pulled out of the Intercontinental Cup. The recent developments come as a huge surprise to all of the Indian fans were expecting a full squad Kenyan team, which ranks below the Blue Tigers. AIFF should have been a little more careful of the domestic calendar of the teams invited, who were to take part in the 4-nation tournament. All this comes in the aftermath of the declaration of the final squad by the New Zealand Football Association, who decided against sending their top-flight international players such as Winston Reid, Chris Woods to name among the others.
AIFF had a contract with the FKF, by which Kenya is obliged to send their national team for the Intercontinental Cup. However, Nick Mwendwa, the FKF president went on to state that the decision of whether to release their players for national duty or not finally rests upon the clubs. Chinese Taipei is the only country that has announced a strong contingent for the tournament.
The Harambee Stars are slated to release their final squad later today. It needs to be seen whether this Intercontinental Cup gets another weakened team or not, which will certainly be a turn off for the fan. The prime focus should be on the long-term development of the Indian National team, which needs quality oppositions ahead of 2019 AFC Asian Cup.
The two leaders explored ways to enhance cooperation and build investment partnership in the areas of clean energy generated from rivers that are abundant in Guinea and Africa in general, as well as in mineral resources, infrastructure and other sectors of high economic feasibility.
San Francisco
Police in a Southern California coastal town said that a Tesla in autonomous mode hit a patrol car parked on the side of a road on Tuesday. No one was in the patrol car when the collision took place in the late morning, the Laguna Beach Police Department said in a message posted along with photos on Twitter.
“When using Autopilot, drivers are continuously reminded of their responsibility to keep their hands on the wheel and maintain control of the vehicle at all times,” a Tesla spokesperson said in response to an AFP inquiry. “Tesla has always been clear that Autopilot doesn't make the car impervious to all accidents.” Responses to the police department Twitter post ranged from thoughtful analysis of the accident to mistrust of self-driving cars. “For automation to learn from mistakes, their developers need to admit making them,” read a comment tweeted from the account of @SafeSelfDrive.
“Human error behind the wheel has been replaced with human error behind keyboard.” Tesla chief Elon Musk complained in a recent earnings call that accidents involving self-driving cars get sensational headlines while the potential for the technology to save lives is downplayed or ignored.—AFP
3 possible destinations for Gianluigi Buffon
After announcing their departure from Juventus, Buffon is yet to decide on their future club. Here is a look at 3 destinations for Buffon.
Buffon playing in Andrea Pirlo's farewell match
Buffon's career with Juventus has come to an end. Ever since they joined the Italian club in 2001, the goalkeeper never made a move away from Turin. In their 17 years with the club, the 40-year-old amassed a total of 656 appearances and kept 311 clean sheets in total. Until today, they are regarded as one of the best keepers in the world.
Unfortunately, the world would not get to see the legend in the World Cup this summer. After Italy missed a spot in the group stage of the competition, Buffon announced their heartbreaking international retirement. Earlier this year, they were prepared to come out of retirement if called up for Italy's international friendlies. Nonetheless, for a player of their age, retirement seems imminent. In May 2018, it was confirmed that Buffon would be leaving the club after nearly two decades of service.
Although they will not be playing for Juventus next season, the keeper does not look like they are keen to retire any time soon. There are clubs who remain interested in the experienced footballer and Buffon could soon sign a deal for a new club.
#3 Liverpool
Klopp is determined to recruit a new goalkeeper this summer
Liverpool's goalkeeping woes were thrown into the spotlight during the UEFA Champions League finals against Real Madrid. Loris Karius' performance was utterly embarrassing. It further emphasized the need for the Reds to recruit a new and reliable goalkeeper in the summer. Buffon is currently a free agent after leaving their old club and can be a good fit for the Liverpool team.
If Liverpool is unable to identify a good available goalie in the market this summer, the club should definitely sign the former Juventus man. BBC sports pundit Andy Townsend believes that they are good enough to be Liverpool's first choice keeper for one or two seasons. The Merseyside club has been targetting Alisson Becker from Roma, but the Brazilian born keeper is going to be pretty costly for Jurgen Klopp's side.
Buffon brings with them lots of experience. Even though they have never played in the English Premier League, it is difficult to fathom that they will struggle against Premier League sides. After decades of action in UEFA Champions League and on the international stage, they have become a goalkeeper who has seen all kinds of players. Their experience will surely help Liverpool at the back and propel the club towards a title challenge next season.
One person has died in a double shooting in Dorchester on Saturday afternoon, according to multiple media reports.
The shooting happened on Trull Street around 2 p.m., according to WBZ News and WCVB News.
One person was killed and another person was injured, the news stations reported.
Both victims were taken to a local hospital, according to Boston 25 News.
Boston police did not immediately return a phone call seeking more information.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
There are now three votes on the Court of Appeals to abandon the Frye-Reed test, and every reason to believe the court is poised to adopt the federal Daubert standard. In Savage v. State, Judge Sally D. Adkins, in a remarkable concurring opinion joined by Chief Judge Mary Ellen Barbera and Judge Robert N. McDonald, detailed ...
Joe Perry lost their first round match in the Coral Welsh Open at the Motorpoint Arena in Cardiff this afternoon (February 14).
The 43 year-old Chatteris cueman fell at the first hurdle when suffering a 4-3 defeat at the hands of Scotland's Anthony McGill in a game that produced three century breaks.
McGill got off to a flying start winning the first two frames with breaks of 109 and 101 and then Perry compiled a 117 when levelling it up at 2-2 in the fourth frame.
McGill won the next 81-14 but Perry took it to a deciding frame with a clearance of 85.
Perry looked odds on to go through when opening up a 49-5 lead in the seventh frame but they couldn't quite get over the line.
McGill was allowed back on the table and promptly ran up a 58 break to win it 64-49.
McGill will now meet rank outsider Igor Figueiredo, a 39 year-old Brazilian, in the second round (last 32).
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It was best-known for its delicious ice creams and decadent desserts - but sweet-toothed Bristolians will now have to look elsewhere for their sugar fix as The Parlour is no more.
The Cheltenham Road cafe was set up as an ice cream parlour three years ago and specialised in treats such as waffle and pancake stacks, sundaes, ice creams and milkshakes.
Its owner Nicolo Licata rebranded the venue just before Christmas last year as a new-look pasta and ice cream bar, serving up evening meals such as carbonara and meat ragu with sides like antipasto sharing boards, calamari and arancini.
However, Nicolo said they have decided to call it a day at The Parlour in order to primarily focus on their new online social media marketing business, Socialight.
Any bookings made for The Parlour in July will be honoured at Cotham Hill eatery Convivio, while an 'Eat The Parlour Day' event will take place later this month for anyone wishing to say goodbye to the venue. Anyone wishing to attend is asked to contact The Parlour directly.
What's next for the Cheltenham Road site?
Far from sitting empty and unloved, The Parlour will be back up and running as a new French bistro with new owners at the helm by the end of this summer.
La Guinguette describes itself as a 'cosy cafe which mixes great food and great wine', and Nicolo said they felt the people behind the business would do the area justice.
"The timing was right for us to sell The Parlour," they said.
(Image: Google Street View)
"After meeting Jerome and their wife and best friend and hearing their plans (for La Guinguette) it seemed like the perfect opportunity to sell.
"We've worked hard for the past three years, but we've decided to hand over our baby to new owners who will continue to serve the amazing Gloucester Road and support local businesses."
It is thought La Guinguette will be open in late August following a refit.
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 7:03 pm |
Escaped Boa Constrictor Found Under Owner's Sink
BINGHAMTON, N.Y. – It was a happy ending to a frightening few hours. An owner who reported their 6-foot-long boa constrictor on the loose near a school said Wednesday that it was found under their kitchen sink, The Associated Press reported. Boas kill by squeezing prey to death but are docile as pets.
Man Who Broke Arm Jogging on GW Bridge Sues Port Authority
NEW YORK – A man who was clipped by a cyclist while running on the George Washington Bridge filed a lawsuit Tuesday against the Port Authority, alleging there's not enough space for cyclists and pedestrians, the Daily News reported. Dennis O'Donnell said that a year later they don't have full arm use.
Mastermind of 1981 Brinks Heist Denied Parole Again
NEW YORK – A panel has again denied parole to Mutulu Shakur, mastermind of the 1981 Brinks heist that resulted in the killings of three law enforcement agents, The Associated Press reported. Shakur, 67, who's serving 60 years, lead the Black Liberation Army.
Dead Whale Off Fire Island May Have Been Hit by Boat
FIRE ISLAND, N.Y. – Marine experts say a 33-foot-long humpback whale that washed up on Fire Island Sunday appears to have been hit by a boat, The Associated Press reported. The female whale's body was heavily decomposed and had evidence of injuries consistent with being struck by a boat.
27 Rabbits Found Abandoned at Train Station
RONKONKOMA, N.Y. – Someone dumped 27 rabbits at a Long Island train station on Sunday and Suffolk County is offering a $3,500 reward for info, The Associated Press reported. The bunnies don't have the skills to live in the wild.
Jersey Shore Town Approves Ban on Plastic Straws, Bags
MONMOUTH BEACH, N.J. – A plastic bag ban goes into effect Friday in Monmouth Beach, a week after the town council voted unanimously on it, The Associated Press reported. All single-use plastic bags, straws and food containers, and takeout Styrofoam boxes, are prohibited, with fines of up to $2,400.
Brewvino's Steve Chronister, a former county commissioner, stands in the clubhouse at Grandview Golf Club as preparations are underway for a new restaurant.
Paul Chaplin, For the York Daily Record
When Steve Chronister called 911 about a group of women they said was holding up other golfers, the dispatcher asked them some basic questions.
"No weapons or anything like that, right?" the dispatcher asked.
"It's even worse than that, but anyway I can't ..." Chronister said.
The dispatcher cut in to clarify.
"OK, sir, there are no weapons, right?" the dispatcher asked.
"No," Chronister said, repeating the no multiple times. "Other than their mouth, there's not any weapons."
That phone call and another from Chronister on April 21 led to national attention for York County.
The five black women Chronister called about said they were discriminated against by the ownership and staff at Dover Township's Grandview Golf Club on April 21. And other golfers on the course have defended the women and said they were keeping proper pace of the game.
More: Golf club twice called police after black women told they were playing too slo
More: Pennsylvania lawmaker wants investigation into alleged golf club discrimination
Chronister, a former York County president commissioner whose son and daughter-in-law own the course, made both calls to police.
In the first phone call, they referred to one of the golfers specifically: York attorney Sandra Thompson. They said Thompson said Chronister couldn't make them leave.
Here's how Chronister described Thompson's statements: "We're gonna tell everybody we know. We're five black women, and this is how it's gonna be."
Chronister told the 911 dispatcher that they knew them
"She ran for judge. She's an attorney. They know it all," Chronister told the dispatcher. "She totally thinks we're being racist. We're not being racist. We're being golf course management that has to have play moving a certain way."
They placed the first call around 11:20 a.m. It lasted nearly three minutes.
"We have a tough situation here with a group of golfers that decides they don't want to abide by the rules," they said.
They asked for a police officer to come to the golf course. They told the dispatcher they were the manager for the course. They said the five women were holding everybody up and wouldn't listen to him.
At one point in the conversation, the dispatcher tried to clarify what the women were doing.
"OK. And they're just literally standing at the hole? They're not ...." the dispatcher asked.
Chronister replied that they were on pace to be three to five holes behind by the time they finished the 9th hole.
That phone call ended with the dispatcher saying police would come to the course.
More: No charges filed after alleged racial incident at Pennsylvania golf club, police say
But when police arrived, management said they weren't needed, according to Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel.
But Chronister again called 911 at about 1:25 p.m., after the women had completed the ninth hole. They asked a dispatcher to send an officer back. They also appeared to refer to Thompson specifically.
"I want them off the golf course," Chronister said, adding moments later that officers are "going to have to get out here quickly."
"How many people need removed?" the dispatcher asked.
"There's two now. There were five," Chronister replied.
More: Black Yale student reported to police for sleeping in their dorm
More: Bob Marley's granddaughter plans to sue California police after alleged racial profiling
During the second conversation, Chronister was again asked if they had weapons.
"No. Just their mouth," they said.
That call again ended with a dispatcher saying police were on their way.
Police met with the women and course management and determined there was not a police issue, according to Bentzel.
The women left and no charges were filed.
The five women were: Thompson, president of the York branch of the NAACP and a former candidate for county judge; Myneca Ojo; sisters Sandra Harrison and Carolyn Dow; and Karen Crosby.
Sandra Thompson, right, speaks alongside Sandra Harrison, both golfers and members of a group of women known as Sisters in the Fairway, during an interview with The Associated Press on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in York, Pa. Officials at the Grandview Golf Club in York called police on the group Saturday, April 21, 2018, accusing them of playing too slowly and holding up others behind them.
Jacqueline Larma, AP
Chronister did not return calls and texts on Wednesday seeking comment on the 911 recordings. On April 30, they told the York Daily Record he'd love for people to know the full story but has since declined comment.
Their lawyer also has not returned multiple calls seeking comment.
Thompson's recollection of that day with Chronister and golf management remains the same.
"He saw a group of black women and told them to get off the course," they said. "He racially profiled us. Would they have called the cops on a white group of golfers? Would they have done that to a white lawyer and judge candidate they knew? No."
Thompson said they don't know why Chronister considered their mouth to be a weapon.
“I was never loud. I was never cursing. I was simply pointing out they were treating us differently," they said.
More: Applebee's apologizes for racial profiling at restaurant, fires 3 employees
More: Mom alleges racial profiling when police called on Native American sons during campus tour
Thompson, a practicing lawyer, said they didn't see a valid reason for club management to call the cops or ask the women to leave.
“There was no breach of law," they said. "There was no criminal trespass. We weren't doing anything but playing under our memberships. We paid. We wanted to play.”
The York Daily Record filed a Right-to-Know request with the county asking for any 911 transcript or 911 recordings or communications requesting police at Grandview Golf Club on April 21. On April 25, the county said it would take an additional 30 days to respond to the request.
Pennsylvania's open records law states that telephone or radio transmissions received by emergency dispatch personnel are not a public record unless "the agency or a court determines that the public interest in disclosure outweighs the interest in nondisclosure."
In this case, York County officials decided to release the recordings.
In April, after national outcry over the arrests of two black men at a Starbucks, Philadelphia police released recordings of the 911 call and radio-voice communications exchanges that led to the arrests.
More: Starbucks just the latest accused of racial profiling
More: Black men arrested at Starbucks settle with Philadelphia for $1 each, plus $200K for youth
Folllow Ed Mahon and Candy Woodall on Twitter @edmahonreporter and @candynotcandace
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
10 Most epic WWE moments of 2018 so far
Danny Hart FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 5.21K // 04 Jul 2018, 17:46 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
"Stone Cold" Steve Austin returned at Raw 25
As regular WWE viewers can appreciate, it's easy to lose sight of the good things happening in the world of sports entertainment when some of the negative moments we see on Raw, SmackDown Live and PPVs often outweigh the positives.
Granted, there have been plenty of things on WWE television to be negative about recently, but 2018 has still had its fair share of good moments, with the likes of Braun Strowman, Seth Rollins and Ronda Rousey emerging as three of the company's top Superstars over the last six months.
In Strowman's case, they have gone from strength to strength as one of Raw's most dominant Superstars since the turn of the year, winning the Greatest Royal Rumble in April and the men's Money In The Bank match in June, but where does "The Monster Among Men" rank when it comes to the most epic moments of 2018 so far?
As for Rollins, was their performance in the gauntlet match on Raw in February worthy of being included in this list? And which moment involving Rousey has stood out most during their first few months as a WWE Superstar?
Now that we're halfway through 2018, let's take a look back at 10 of the most epic moments of the WWE year so far.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
#10 Braun Strowman sets new Elimination Chamber record
Braun Strowman was the star of the Elimination Chamber match
While Braun Strowman's Money In The Bank victory in June is undoubtedly the most significant moment of their career so far, their most epic feat in the first half of 2018 came in February when they set a new record of five eliminations in a single Elimination Chamber match.
“The Monster Among Men” pinned The Miz, Elias, John Cena, Finn Balor and Seth Rollins in the first seven-man battle inside the Chamber. Sadly, they couldn't go on to eliminate Roman Reigns, who won the match and went on to face Brock Lesnar in the main event of WrestleMania 34.
At a quiet memorial at Yonge St. and Finch Ave., members of the community ventured out to seek solace and peace as night fell on the day a van tore down Yonge and killed 10.
Naureen Islam and their husband live right up the street, but they waited until dark to venture out.
“I didn't want to believe it,” they said.
The couple watched as people laid flowers down, lit candles and signed their condolences with a handful of markers.
“Maybe it was an accident,” they remember thinking.
At Montreal, the Alouettes (1-2) look to build off last week's win over Saskatchewan that snapped their miserable 13-game losing streak. Jeff Mathews was 8-of-12 passing for 98 yards in relief of Drew Willy (concussion protocol). Trevor Harris completed 13-of-29 passes for 135 yards and a pick for Ottawa (1-1) in last week's 24-14 road loss to Calgary. William Powell ran for 123 yards while Greg Ellingson had six catches for 97 yards and a TD.
Prediction: Ottawa
Edmonton Eskimos
at Toronto Argonauts
Saturday, 5:30 p.m.
The Toronto Argonauts are now James Franklin's team. Franklin will make their first start with Toronto on Saturday when the club hosts the Edmonton Eskimos at BMO Field. Franklin takes over as the Argos' No. 1 quarterback with incumbent Ricky Ray sidelined with a neck injury. Toronto acquired the rights to Franklin last December from Edmonton while Ray pondered their CFL future. Franklin skipped free agency to sign a two-year contract extension with the Argos. The challenge for Toronto defensively will be containing Mike Reilly, who was 22-of-30 passing for 326 yards and three TDs in rallying Edmonton (2-1) past B.C. 41-22 last week. The Lions led 11-2 heading into the second quarter but were outscored 29-3 over the second and third.
Prediction: Edmonton
B.C. Lions
at Winnipeg Blue Bombers
Saturday, 8:30 p.m.
At Winnipeg, the Blue Bombers (1-2) continue to chase their first home win of the season. Rookie Chris Streveler finished 17-of-28 passing for 146 yards and no TDs — for the first time in three starts — last week against Hamilton. Veteran starter Matt Nichols has been removed from the six-game injured list, so they could be back behind centre soon. B.C. (1-1) started out well enough against Edmonton but couldn't make it stick as quarterback Jonathon Jennings finished 13-of-24 passing for 199 yards with an interception while rushing for 34 yards on five carries.
Prediction: Winnipeg
Last week: 3-1
Overall: 8-4
All games on TSN
— Dan Ralph, The Canadian Press
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
The production of jeeps and cars increased by 6.28 percent during first eleven months of the fiscal year 2016-17 compared to the output of the corresponding period of last year.
As many as 178,944 jeeps and cars were manufactured during July-May (2016-17) compared to the production of 168,363 units during July-May (2015-16).
The production of motorcycles during the first eleven months of the fiscal year 2016-17 increased by 21.85 percent compared to the production of last year.
As many as 2,294,708 motorcycles were manufactured during July-May (2016-17) compared to the production of 1,883,298 during July-May (2015-16), according to the data of Pakistan Bureau of Statistics (PBS). On year-on-year basis, the production of motorcycles increased by 26.81 percent by going up from production of 184,888 units in May 2016 to 234,459 units in May 2017.
Meanwhile, The production of buses and trucks also increased by 4.93 percent and 40.26 percent respectively during the period under review. The bus production increased from 994 units last year to 1,043 units in 2016-17 while the truck production increased from 5,065 units to 7,104 units, the data revealed.
The production of tractors also increased from 31,350 units to 50,049 units, showing an increase of 59.65 percent during the period under review. However, the production of Light Commercial Vehicles (LCVs) decreased by 31.83 percent by falling from the output of 33,632 units last year to 22,927 units during the outgoing fiscal year.
On year-on-year basis, the production of cars and jeeps witnessed 19.35 percent growth during May 2017 compared to the same month of last year, according to the data. It added that 18,094 cars were manufactured during May 2017 against the production of 15,161 units during last May. Similarly, the production of trucks during May 2017 increased by 48.04 percent by going up from 587 units to 859 units during last may while the production of tractors also increased by 21.35 percent by increasing from 4,735 last May to 5,746 units during May 2017.
However, the production of buses decreased by 35.94 percent during the month under review as it decreased from 128 units in May 2016 to 82 units in 2017, according to the data. It is pertinent to mention here that the country's large scale manufacturing (LSM) sector grew by 5.69 percent during the first 11 months of current fiscal year as compared to the corresponding period of last year.
The Quantum Index Numbers (QIM) of large scale manufacturing industries was recorded at 140.32 points during July-May (2016-17) against 132.77 points during same period of last year, official sources said. The highest growth of 6.43 percent was witnessed in the indices monitored by Ministry of Industries, followed by 4.29 percent growth in the products monitored by Provincial Bureaus of Statistics (PBOS) and 3.00 growth in the indices of Oil Companies Advisory Committee (OCAC).
Factory staff have been evacuated after a busy Peterborough road was forced to shut due to a gas leak.
Cambridgeshire Fire and Rescue Service said: “Morley Way, Woodston, is currently closed due to a gas leak. Please avoid the area and seek an alternative route.”
The scene at Morley Way
The road is shut between the roundabout joining with Shrewsbury Avenue towards Whirlpool UK.
A Cambridgeshire police spokesperson said: “We were called by the fire service at 11.55 to the junction of Maxwell Road and Morley Way.”
More as we have it.
Tech Is Dominating Efforts To Educate Syrian Refugees
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anadolu Agency/Getty Images Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
The crisis in Syria has displaced around 1.4 million children and teenagers from their homes. An estimated 900,000 of them are not in school.
Historically, in conflict zones, education has taken a backseat to immediate needs like food, shelter and medical care. But more recently, there has been a movement in the international aid community to provide better "education in emergencies."
Many private companies and nonprofits are stepping up to do just this — but their efforts are not always well balanced or well coordinated, a new report claims.
Would-be students have many immediate needs. They have universally experienced some form of trauma. There is a lack of schools, teachers, books, uniforms and food. Yet, according to this study, nearly half of the donors have chosen to supply educational technology, far more than are building schools, providing basic books and materials or employing teachers.
"Many of these companies are based in Silicon Valley, and they do not have a very clear picture of the context they are delivering to," says Zeena Zakharia at the University of Massachusetts Boston, the coauthor of the report.
Zakharia has been researching education in Middle East conflict zones for over a decade, and they noted the growing role taken by the private sector, both philanthropies and corporations. "I was like, isn't this interesting!" they tell NPR Ed. At the same time, their colleague Francine Menashy, whose research focuses on the privatization of education, had noticed the same phenomenon.
The two collaborated on research, interviewing more than two dozen people dealing with the education of Syrian refugees in Lebanon, Turkey and Jordan. Education International, a global federation of teachers' unions, released the report.
Zakharia and Menashy catalogued a recent, and overwhelming surge of interest among donors in supporting education for refugee children.
This survey doesn't capture every form of aid available to Syrian refugees, who are assisted by international governments and nonprofits like the Red Cross and Doctors Without Borders. The authors were trying to get a sense of what the private sector was up to. They counted 46 businesses, such as Accenture, Bridge International Academies, Goldman Sachs, Hewlett Packard, IBM, McKinsey & Co, Microsoft and Pearson Education, with money or projects in the area. In addition they counted 15 philanthropies, such as the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, IKEA Foundation, Open Society Foundation, and Vitol Foundation. (The Gates Foundation and Open Society Foundation also fund NPR).
These private organizations often back more than one type of educational activity, but there are clear trends. The authors found that 1 percent of organizations focused resources on social and emotional skills; 5 percent on extracurriculars such as sports; while fully half were focused on providing education technology. To oversimplify a bit, for every donor funding a soccer ball there are 10 backing tablets, educational games, online courses or learning platforms.
They say one school leader in Lebanon told them they were approached "every week" with offers of technology.
"And I say, 'Oh great, come visit us, see how we operate. And they do not.' "
This is a problem, Zakharia says, because based on their interviews, ed-tech isn't necessarily what existing schools need or are asking for.
For example, in many settings with Syrian refugee children, there is electricity one hour a day at best, so keeping devices charged can be a problem. "If you don't have the resources to build latrines or to pay teachers, I mean ... investing in technology isn't well placed," another interviewee told the researchers.
In addition to the desire to help, many of the business donors Zakharia interviewed talked about the financial motivations behind their initiatives, such as improving their brand image, breaking into the lucrative, untapped Middle East market, and testing new innovations. The idea of dual motivation is nothing new for corporate philanthropy, of course. But, says Zakharia, there is always a risk when these business motives come into play.
"What happens when the initiative is not seen as profitable? Education is a very long-term commitment."
Ritter Forest is an industry leader in the rental and sale of quality hardwood mats used for heavy industrial projects.
CONTACT: Jessica Ritter Holmes
Phone: (713) 673-4800
Email: jessica@ritterforest.com
Visit company page
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
President Trump has made it clear that the White House Correspondents' Dinner isn't exactly their favorite event, but now it's become clear that numerous organizations tried to make it even more of a challenge for them to face. People reported that numerous organizations invited Stormy Daniels to the White House Correspondents' Dinner — and they turned them all down.
Daniels' lawyer Michael Avenatti confirmed to People that Daniels had received numerous invitations but had not accepted any of them. They also said that they would be attending himself, on an invitation from the Associated Press.
In many ways, Daniels is a natural Correspondents' Dinner invitee, as so much news in the past couple of months has centered directly around them It's a flashy, celebrity-laden affair — but Daniels is apparently turning down the spotlight. Perhaps the publications who invited them meant to rib the president by inviting a woman who claims they had an affair with them (which the White House denies). The effort may have fallen flat, though, as the president announced in early April that they would not be attending for the second year in a row. Instead, he'll be heading up a rally in Washington Township, Michigan.
Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
"While the fake news media will be celebrating themselves with the denizens of Washington society in the swamp that evening, President Trump will be in a completely different Washington, celebrating our national economic revival with patriotic Americans," said Michael Glassner, Trump's campaign chief operating officer, in a press release.
Even if Trump and Daniels won't be there themselves, much of the conversation is likely to revolve around them, and around what Trump so often refers to as the "fake news." While Trump hasn't commented on the Stormy story himself, they did bemoan the "fake news" after Daniels went on CBS' 60 Minutes for an extended interview. And as the dinner celebrates the First Amendment and specifically its guarantee of a strong and free press, the attacks that the free press routinely receives from the White House will certainly come up in the comedic routines and roasting that typically takes place at the event.
Both Avenatti and Daniels themselves have remained mum on the issue of why they won't be attending the dinner, but their decision to stay away is far less of a break from tradition that the president's absence is. They certainly would have drawn a fair amount of attention, but it's typically the president who is the star of the show.
C-SPAN on YouTube
Obama certainly always seemed to enjoy the event, even conspiring with comedian and host Seth Meyers in 2011 to give one Mr. Donald J. Trump several minutes of roasting. Trump insulted Meyers' performance after the dinner, where they had received all of that attention because of their then-ongoing crusade to force Obama to prove their citizenship. Before Obama, though, every president made an effort to attend every year since Reagan missed it in 1981 for health reasons. Even before that, no president has missed all of them since Calvin Coolidge resided in the Oval Office in the 1920s. President Nixon, however, did miss the dinner three times.
Because of their refusals to come, the White House Correspondents' Dinner won't give the world a chance to witness a showdown between the president and the adult film star. The Stormy Daniels case has still brought a host of problems to the Trump administration, though, so it's likely that you'll keep seeing their face in the news, even if you won't see it at the star event celebrating the news. As president, Trump doesn't need the publicity that the dinner would bring — but he's getting some anyway.
Indonesia Open 2017: HS Prannoy and Kidambi Srikanth provide hope, doubles teams bow out
It was a mixed day for Team India at the Indonesian Open.
by Tushar Varma News 14 Jun 2017, 20:48 IST
Prannoy defeated Sinisuka Ginting 21-13, 21-18 to move to the next round
India had a bitter-sweet day at the USD 100,000 Indonesian Open Super Series tournament today. While the women's doubles and men's doubles teams crashed out, the men's singles also provided mixed fortunes with wins for Kidambi Srikanth and H.S Prannoy and a loss for Sai Praneeth.
India's title hopes now rest primarily on the shoulders of Saina Nehwal, PV Sindhu and K. Srikanth, while HS Prannoy will be one of the underdogs.
Mixed fortunes in Men's Singles
The world no.14 started out strongly in this tournament with a win over Hong Kong's Wong Wing Ki Vincent. Srikanth won the first game 21-15 but fell behind in the second game, losing out 14-21. The third game was very competitive as well with the score 14-14 at one point.
However, the Indian kept their composure and won the game 21-16 and along with it the match.
Sai Praneeth was drawn against the World No.2 Son Wan Ho of South Korea in the first round. The Indian fought valiantly but was knocked out by the Korean 21-14, 21-18 in a match that lasted 40 minutes.
Prannoy H. S. beat Sinisuka Ginting of Indonesia in a one-sided affair, which the young Indian dominated and raced to a 21-13, 21-18 victory. The world No.12 had a good start winning their first match with ease and this result would give them the confidence to go further in the tournament.
The 2016 Swiss Open winner will now face World No. 1 Lee Chong Wei of Malaysia in the next round which will surely be their toughest challenge yet.
Double teams knocked out of the tournament
Ashwini Ponnappa and Reddy N. Sikki were defeated by Dian Fitriani and Nadya Melati from Indonesia to crash out of the tournament. It was a disappointing tournament for the experienced Ponnappa as they had lost their mixed doubles match yesterday with partner Reddy B. Sumeeth as well.
The 2017 Syed Modi Grand Prix Gold runners-up made a bright start to the match and won the first game after a tight contest, following which the Indonesian team took control. The second game turned out to be yet another close encounter which went against the Indian duo.
The deciding game proved to be a disappointing one, in which they were completely outplayed by the Indonesian team. Fitriani and Melati won the match with the final result 19-21, 21-19, 21-13 in a match that lasted 1 hour and 2 minutes.
The Indian men's doubles team had previously done well in the tournament and had won both their qualification matches to make their way into the round one of the tournament. The duo of Satwiksairaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty lost out against Indonesian Fajar Alfian and Muhammad Rian Ardianto.
They started slowly and lost game one 9-21. However, they put up a spirited display in the second game but failed to capitalise on chances and lost the game 19-21 and the match with it.
AHEAD of 2017's first Yorkshire derby, Pontus Jansson admits to having made two New Year's wishes: for a permanent move to Leeds United and promotion to the Premier League.
The Swede has become a cult hero at Elland Road following their loan switch from Torino in late August.
Rotherham caretaker manager Paul Warne. Picture: Steve Ellis
Leeds have won 12 times in their 19 appearances and their expected involvement today at home to Rotherham United in front of a 30,000-plus crowd will trigger a clause that allows Jansson to join permanently for £3.5m.
“I have not heard anything,” said the 25-year-old when asked by The Yorkshire Post about a possible deal being done now the transfer window is open.
“But my New Year wish is to be a Leeds player. I hope my agent and the club can make the deal permanent.
“I just put my focus on playing games and Rotherham is the next one. It is not a problem for me to keep my mind on the game and leave the rest to others. I am used to that because I have been in this position before.
“You have to be professional and do your best on the pitch. That is what I will do.”
Jansson netted United's goal in their final outing of 2016, last Thursday's 1-1 draw at Aston Villa. They also hit the crossbar with a ferocious volley and pulled off a vital last-ditch tackle after Jonathan Kodjia had been handed a gilt-edged opportunity by a slack back pass from Kalvin Phillips.
Such heavy involvement in a match was typical of Jansson's first four months at Elland Road and why supporters are so desperate to see the switch made permanent.
“The move has been great,” added Jansson. “Since the first day, it has felt really good to be here. When the fans love you, it is easy to play football.
“But I do believe I haven't shown my 100 per cent yet. There is more to come from me.”
Jansson's focus today is on a Rotherham side who seem destined to head in the opposite direction to upwardly mobile Leeds.
Last Thursday's defeat at home to Burton Albion was the Millers' 17th in 24 league outings but Jansson insists the Championship's bottom club cannot be taken lightly.
“It will not be an easy game,” added the defender, who missed November's 2-1 win at the New York Stadium through suspension.
“From the first minute, we have to go out there and kill them. Put full pressure on them and play the football we want to play.”
United have been in the play-off positions since beating Rotherham on November 26 and Jansson believes such a lofty standing is deserved.
“We are in the position we want to be in,” they added. “We play good football and I think we have finally realised just how good we are.
“If you ask me, we are one of the best footballing teams in this league – and now we are starting to get some of the injured players back to 100 per cent.
“When we believe in ourselves, we are a really good team. Now, we just have to keep going because we want to go to the Premier League. If we go directly or the play-offs, it doesn't matter.”
Kyle Bartley could return after missing the trip to Villa Park but Eunan O'Kane is expected to still be out. Chris Wood should return to the starting XI.
As for Rotherham, the defeat to Burton came as a bitter blow. Victory would have narrowed the gap between the Millers and Nigel Clough's fourth bottom side to just six points but survival now looks as far away as ever.
Despite that, interim manager Paul Warne insists their players are eagerly looking forward to the trip up the M1 and an opportunity avenge defeat to Leeds in what proved to be Kenny Jackett's final game in charge.
“If I speak after the game at Leeds and we lose 1-0, with all due respect, people won't be surprised,” they said. “We are bottom of the league and they are in the play-offs.
“The lads are well aware of that. But if you start the game well and are confident – and I think the lads are all pretty confident in how we play and it is a Yorkshire derby, which is a good game to play in – then you never know.
“If I was still playing, I would love to be playing against Leeds. The lads don't go into games with any fear and are not idiots either. They can see the league table and know they are up for a right fight.
“It is just about how well we start the game and how well we can calm the crowd down and slow the game down. We will take any advantage we can, obviously.
“It will be an interesting game and I just hope that the lads show the character and desire that they have been showing.”
As for the previous derby between these two clubs this season, Warne added: “I thought that they were excellent and the best team we have played. You look at other teams and think that they have weaknesses, but Leeds are pretty solid.
“You have just got to hope you are in the game and when you do get opportunities, take them. That is the way I will set up.”
Today will bring a return to Elland Road for Tom Adeyemi, who spent last season on loan with Leeds.
“I am really looking forward to it,” said the midfielder. “It is a great place to play, it is a great stadium and there is always a great atmosphere. Despite how well they are doing, I believe that we can win.”
Mal Hyman for Congress Campaign Announcement 2018
Santee Cooper CEO says nuclear project didn't fail. "It was an investment."
2:09
Bob Dorough, Jazz Musician Best Known For 'Schoolhouse Rock!,' Dead At 94
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kevin Yatarola/Getty Images Kevin Yatarola/Getty Images
Bob Dorough, whose career began as a composer, arranger and singer in the booming New York jazz scene of the '50s and '60s before they became the musical keystone of Schoolhouse Rock!, died Monday afternoon in Mt. Bethel, Penn., their wife, Sally Shanley Dorough, confirmed to NPR. They were 94.
The Arkansas-born, Texas-raised Dorough began working in music in the army, serving as a composer, arranger and player in the Special Services Army Band between 1943 and '45, before getting a Bachelor of Music degree from the University of North Texas. In the late '40s, Dorough made their way to New York, working there as a pianist and singer.
They released their debut album, Devil May Care, in 1956 on Gus Wildi's Bethlehem label, also home to Nina Simone's first album. Devil May Care was a document of loungey bebop, with Dorough's windy, charming and idiosyncratically accented singing of buoyant lyrics that hinted at their success to come throughout. "In a dream / the strangest and oddest things / appear / and what insane insane and silly things / we do," they sang on "I Had the Craziest Dream."
Not long after the release of Devil May Care, the legendary Miles Davis recorded their own interpretation of its title track, which would go on to become a jazz standard.
YouTube
In kind, Dorough would sing on "Nothing Like You," the closing track of Davis' 1967 album Sorcerer. As critic Ben Ratliff wrote in notes accompanying a vinyl reissue of the album last fall: "The trumpeter Leron Thomas recently told me that they think of it as Miles's version of a Looney Tunes move: 'That's All, Folks.' "
Then, in 1971, with the jazz money running thin, Dorough was asked by their boss at the advertising company where they had a day job for to set the multiplication tables to music; their boss cited their children's ability to remember Hendrix and Rolling Stones lyrics, but not their school lessons.
"I got the idea that three is a magic number," Dorough told NPR's Rachel Martin in 2013. "Then I looked in the magic book and sure enough, three is one of the magic numbers." That concept became the song "Three Is a Magic Number" and the project would become the Grammy-nominated Multiplication Rock. Originally intended as a school workbook, the concept was pitched and sold to ABC executive Michael Eisner, becoming the first of the long-running Schoolhouse Rock! series of educational cartoons that became an all-but inseparable part of of '70s and '80s childhood.
YouTube
After the fully Dorough-penned Multiplication Rock, the series' contributors expanded to include Lynn Ahrens, Dave Frishberg (writer of "I'm Just a Bill") and George Newall, with Dorough staying on as musical director. Expanding to cover grammar — Dorough's least-favorite subject to pen music on — American politics and history and science, the initial series ran for 12 years and was revived in the '90s.
The tribute album Schoolhouse Rock! Rocks, recorded by indie artists that had no doubt grown up watching the series, was released in 1996. It featured reinterpretations of the now-famous tunes, including Dorough compositions "Conjunction Junction" (Better Than Ezra), "Three Is a Magic Number" (Blind Melon), "Electricity, Electricity" (Goodness) and "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here" (Buffalo Tom).
Dorough themselves continued to play live for the rest of their life — at 92, Dorough performed "Devil May Care" for member station WBGO — and as recently as three weeks ago in upstate New York.
Winners of their first two encounters against Ukraine and Norway, the Philippines got the ball rolling with Kirk Rebuyas giving them the lead with a 6-4, 7-6 (1) win over Ronak Manvja. Ajay Yadav then brought things on par with a 7-5, 6-4 win over Francis Largo. However, the Indian pair of Yadav and Manvja could not sustain their momentum in the decisive doubles as they went down 3-6, 6-2, 6-10 against Largo and Josepen Serra.
Eating the Right Foods Can Give Your Mood a Boost by Dr. Mercola
The connection between your food and mood has come under increasing scientific scrutiny in the past couple of decades. William Dufty brought early attention to this link with their book, “Sugar Blues.” Written over 30 years ago, it has become a classic. Another classic is “The Omega-3 Connection,” written by Dr. Andrew Stoll, published in 2001. This was one of the first books to bring attention to and support the use of omega-3 fats for depression.
A third early pioneer that brought attention to the nutritional underpinnings of psychiatric disturbances was Dr. Abram Hoffer, co-author of “Niacin: The Real Story.” Niacin, Hoffer found, may in fact be a “secret” treatment for a number of psychological disorders, including schizophrenia, which can be notoriously difficult to address.
It's really unfortunate that so few people consider how their diet may be influencing their mood, seeing how it can indeed have a pronounced effect on your mental health. For example, research has shown that unprocessed foods, especially fermented foods, help optimize your gut microbiome, thereby supporting optimal mental health.
Dark chocolate, coffee, animal-based omega-3 fats and the anti-inflammatory spice turmeric (curcumin) also tend to boost your mood, whereas sugar, wheat (gluten) and processed foods have been linked to a greater risk for depression and anxiety.
Mental Health Is Worsening Around the World
According to the World Health Organization, depression is now the leading cause of ill health and disability worldwide,1,2 affecting an estimated 322 million people globally, including more than 16 million Americans, 6 million of whom are seniors.3 Statistics also reveal we're not being particularly effective when it comes to prevention and treatment. Worldwide, rates of depression increased by 18 percent between 2005 and 2015.4
According to the U.S. National Institute of Mental Health, 11 percent of Americans over the age of 12 are on antidepressant drugs. Among women in their 40 and 50s, 1 in 4 is on antidepressants.5 While these drugs are prescribed for conditions other than depression, their widespread use suggests mental health problems are indeed pervasive.
In the U.S., suicide rates have also steadily risen since 20006,7,8 — a trend blamed on the effects of social isolation, economic pressures, opioid addiction and limited access to mental health care. Considering these facts, it would make sense to be proactive about your mental health, and this includes taking a cold, hard look at your diet. Are you eating foods that increase your chances of feeling calm and content, or is your diet a recipe for doom and gloom?
Key Dietary Recommendations for a Sunny Disposition
A paper9 published in Nutritional Neuroscience in April this year looked at evidence from laboratory, population research and clinical trials to create “a set of practical dietary recommendations for the prevention of depression, based on the best available current evidence.”
This is sorely needed, as psychiatrists do not currently have any established dietary guidelines to follow in the treatment of depression. Chances are, many patients might never resort to medication were they to receive proper dietary guidance. According to this paper, the published evidence reveals five key dietary recommendations for the prevention of depression:
Following a “traditional” dietary pattern such as the Mediterranean, Norwegian or Japanese diet Increasing consumption of antioxidant-rich fruits, vegetables, legumes, wholegrain cereals, nuts and seeds Eating plenty of omega-3-rich foods Replacing unhealthy processed foods with real, wholesome nutritious foods Avoiding processed foods, fast food, commercial baked goods and sweets
What You Don't Eat May Be More Important Than What You Do Eat
Indeed, while there are many “superfoods” known to lower inflammation, improve mitochondrial function and lower your risk of insulin resistance — all of which are factors implicated in depression — what you don't eat may actually be more important than what you do eat. Adding a few superfoods to an otherwise poor diet is unlikely to yield any significant results. So, it's important to realize that unless you get the foundation right, it's going to be a continuous uphill battle.
The simplest, most basic foundation here would simply be to eat real food. This means ditching all processed, prepackaged food items and replacing them with whole foods that you cook from scratch — including condiments and snacks. Your beverage choices may also need an overhaul, as most people drink very little pure water, relying on sugary beverages like sodas, fruit juices, sports drinks, energy drinks and flavored water for their hydration needs. None of those alternatives will do your mental health any good.
Three brain- and mood-wrecking culprits you'll automatically avoid when avoiding processed foods are added sugars, artificial sweeteners10 and processed vegetable oils — harmful fats known to clog your arteries and cause mitochondrial dysfunction. Gluten also appears to be particularly problematic for many. If you're struggling with depression or anxiety, you'd be well-advised to experiment with a gluten-free diet.
Certain types of lectins, especially wheat germ agglutinin (WGA), are also known for their psychiatric side effects. WGA can cross your blood brain barrier11 through a process called “adsorptive endocytosis,” pulling other substances with it. WGA may attach to your myelin sheath12 and is capable of inhibiting nerve growth factor,13 which is important for the growth, maintenance and survival of certain target neurons.
Substantial Amounts of Glyphosate Found in Many Foods
HRI Labs has investigated a number of other foods as well, including grains, legumes and beans. Most if not all of these types of crops need to dry in the field before being harvested, and to speed that process, the fields are doused with glyphosate a couple weeks before harvest. As a result of this practice, called desiccation, grain-based products, legumes and beans contain rather substantial amounts of glyphosate.
Wine also contains surprising amounts of glyphosate. As it turns out, weeds in vineyards are managed by spraying glyphosate, which ends up in the grapes as the roots of the grape vines pick it up through the soil.
If you drink wine, I recommend you choose one that is high-quality and either organic or biodynamic. There are even ones available that won't kick you out of ketosis. All of the wines provided by Dry Farm Wines are either organic or biodynamic, and every wine they source comes from small vineyards, mostly from Europe, and none from the U.S. All of their wines:
Is Dry Farmed — produces more resilient, healthier plants
— produces more resilient, healthier plants Have low alcohol — helps minimize adverse effects of alcohol
— helps minimize adverse effects of alcohol Are low sugar — only source wines with sugar levels under 1 g/L
Eating real, unprocessed food is the key to sustaining good health, but even when it comes to whole food, its quality is largely determined by how it was grown. Certified organic food is recommended to avoid toxic contaminants such as pesticides. But even organic foods may be lacking in important nutrients if grown in nutrient-poor soils. To truly build good topsoil, you have to implement regenerative farming methods, many of which are not automatically required by organic standards.
Three Powerful Dietary Interventions
Next, if you're serious about your physical and mental health, consider taking things a step or two further by:
• Implementing a cyclical ketogenic diet, high in healthy fats, low in net carbs with moderate amounts of protein. This kind of diet will optimize your mitochondrial function, which has significant implications for mental health. In fact, one noticeable effect of nutritional ketosis is mental clarity and a sense of calm. The reason for this welcome side effect has to do with the fact that when your body is able to burn fat for fuel, ketones are created, which is the preferred fuel for your brain. Compelling research also suggests a ketogenic diet may reduce your risk of Alzheimer's disease. • Intermittent fasting will also help optimize your brain function and prevent neurological problems by activating your body's fat-burning mode, preventing insulin resistance and reducing oxidative stress and inflammation, the latter of which has been identified as a causative factor in depression.14,15 While you may achieve some of the benefits from intermittent fasting simply by respecting the time boundaries, regardless of the foods you consume, it is far better if you consume high-quality unprocessed food. Since you'll be eating less, it's vitally important that you get proper nutrition. Healthy fats are essential because intermittent fasting pushes your body to switch over to fat-burning mode. Particularly if you begin to feel tired and sluggish, it may be a sign that you need to increase the amount of healthy fat in your diet. • Water fasting. Once you're starting to burn fat for fuel, gradually increase the length of your daily intermittent fasting to 20 hours per day. After a month of 20-hour daily fasting, you're likely in good shape to try a four or five-day water-only fast. I now do a monthly five-day fast, as I believe this is the most powerful metabolic health interventions out there. A five-day fast will effectively clean out senescent cells that have stopped duplicating due to aging or oxidative damage, which would otherwise clog up your optimal biologic function by causing and increasing inflammation.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
COLUMBUS, Ga — Columbus State University police warn students and community members of a possible sexual assault near the RiverPark campus.
Officer Brett Stanelle says the victim reported the incident Monday morning. They say they were sitting in their vehicle near the Riverwalk early on Wednesday morning when a man approached them They tell police they were armed with a knife and a handgun.
The victim says the man threatened and sexually assaulted them at gunpoint. The suspect is described as a white male in their late 20's to early 30's, of an athletic build, and with sleeve-style tattoos on both arms.
Anyone with information regarding this incident is encouraged to contact CSU Police at 706-507-8911. All campus community members should remain aware of their surroundings and report any suspicious persons or activities to the proper authorities.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool have been told they must pay the €40m (£36.3m) buy-out clause to sign Nice midfielder Jean Michael Seri.
The Ivorian star is an alternative to Naby Keita, whose club, RB Leipzig, knocked back a £66m offer earlier this summer.
The Ligue 1 club's president, Jean-Pierre Rivere, has warned the Reds they must pay the full buy-out clause if Seri is to exit the Allianz Riviera.
"Seri has €40m clause," Rivere said. "Even if people don't take clauses seriously, they deserve respect. If a club offers €40m tomorrow, he'll go."
(Image: Icon Sport)
Jurgen Klopp was desperate to land the RB Leipzig star but the Bundesliga club stood firm.
Now, the Reds want the Ivory Coast international as a secondary target, but face competition from Barcelona, Arsenal and Paris Saint-Germain.
Liverpool have walked away from a deal for Keita for the time being, after seeing their £66m offer rebuffed.
A deal for Seri will not be easy though, as Nice have no desire or need to sell after cashing in on Brazilian left-back Dalbert in a deal worth up to £25m.
(Image: AFP)
A move is further complicated by the Champions League qualifiers, both for Klopp's side against Hoffenheim and Nice, who take on Napoli.
The ties will finish on August 23, leaving just one week left until the transfer window shuts.
Should the Partenopei knock out Les Aiglons out, a deal could be struck, though progress to the group stage would all but end any possibility of signing Seri.
In their meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron, President Donald Trump called the Iran nuclear deal "insane" and "ridiculous." He's threatened to pull out of the agreement in the past, calling it an "embarrassment." Critics argue the Iran nuclear deal was a diplomatic debacle -- Iran has a history of noncompliance and no one is convinced the deal actually prevents a nuclear Iran. But many world leaders, including Macron, believe the deal is necessary to avoid proliferation and maintain a hard line in any future talks with North Korea. What do you think?
PERSPECTIVES
During their meeting with French President Macron, Trump blasted the Iran nuclear deal and also threatened Tehran would have "big problems -- bigger than they've ever had before" if it chose to restart its nuclear program.
"It was insane. Ridiculous. It should have never been made," Trump said, warning Iran: "If they restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before."
Many are hoping Macron will be able to dissuade Trump from dissolving the Iran deal during their visit, but Trump's latest comments aren't promising.
Macron interjected that the nuclear deal "is an important issue," adding: "But we have to take it as part of the broader picture, which is security in the overall region."
After giving a speech at the U.N. that was deeply critical of the agreement, experts worried Trump would withdraw from the deal without considering the serious repercussions.
Zack Beauchamp outlines in Vox the potential outcomes that could come about if Trump chose to sabotage the Iran Nuclear Deal. Beauchamp believes the deal would only put the U.S. in a weaker position to monitor Iran's nuclear proliferation. Beauchamp also points out that, thus far, Iran has complied with the terms of the deal, so punishing a country for honoring their side of the deal would be unwise.
The president themselves has not publicly offered a detailed policy case for decertification beyond general calls to renegotiate the deal's terms, nor are there any reports of them doing so privately. Experts don't see any signs that he's particularly well-versed in the arguments.
Decertification does not formally end the Iran deal -- but it creates serious threats to its continued existence... What's certain is that decertification would create a crisis in US-Iranian relations, as it would be the first concrete step the Trump administration has taken towards attempting to renegotiate or cancel the nuclear agreement.
But Trump is not alone in their criticism of the Iran deal. When the agreement was first reached in 2015, Republicans tried to kill the deal, and 47 Republican senators actually sent a letter to Iranian leadership in an attempt to undercut Iran's negotiations with the Obama administration.
Since Trump took office, many conservatives have urged them to abandon the deal. Jonathan S. Tobin of the National Review encouraged the president to "ignore experts" and trust their "instincts" when it comes to foreign policy, arguing the Iran deal does nothing to actually prevent the possibility of a nuclear Iran.
Trump should ignore their arguments and those inside the administration who are echoing them. It's wise to have some skepticism about experts' opinions; their consensus can have little to do with achieving the goals they're tasked with accomplishing. But the problem is not only that the deal was a bad one. It's also that plenty of experts place more value on diplomacy per se -- getting a piece of paper signed and then defending its value -- than on the conviction that diplomacy will stop Iran from getting a bomb.
The Tylt is focused on debates and conversations around news, current events and pop culture. We provide our community with the opportunity to share their opinions and vote on topics that matter most to them. We actively engage the community and present meaningful data on the debates and conversations as they progress. The Tylt is a place where your opinion counts, literally. The Tylt is an Advance Digital, Inc. property. Join us on Twitter @TheTylt or on Facebook, we'd love to hear what you have to say.
Behind rising anti-Semitism in Europe, Marmur, May 28
Rabbi Dow Marmur's column mentions some of the horrendous violence by Muslims against Jews, especially in France. These acts are, sadly, well-known and have been loudly decried by most of the French political leadership. They led to support demonstrations in which French Jews were joined by non-Jewish citizens, including many Muslims.
Marmur's intent is, clearly, not to reveal the horrors that are already known, but to go “behind” the rise of anti-Semitism to reveal that it is really due to Nazi-style anti-Semitism being “Islamized.” This is also a very well-known, though controversial, theory, and it is a limited half-truth at best.
Anti-Semitic Muslims are clearly misinterpreting both traditional and most modern Islam, but more importantly, they are misinterpreting the conflict between Israelis and Palestinians, which is the elephant in the room that Rabbi Marmur judiciously does not touch. It is this poisonous conflict that has not only introduced anti-Semitism among Muslims, but also Islamophobia among Jews.
Certainly, there are Islamists, including imams, who have adapted anti-Semitic language to Islam, but there are proportionately no more of these than there are Jews, including rabbis, who have adapted Islamophobic language to Judaism. True, some anti-Semitic Muslims have been more violent in Europe than Islamophobic Jews, but that is probably because Muslims are far more likely to live in violent slums, where anger more easily bubbles up as overt aggression.
Wilmington High School senior Steve Spirk plans to attend Capital University and play soccer for the Crusaders.
One of 67 high school boys named to the 2017 United Soccer Coaches Association All-America team, Spirk was honored during the 2018 United Soccer Coaches Convention in Philadelphia earlier this year.
The first WHS soccer player to earn first team All-Ohio honors, Spirk posted a school record 117 goals and 61 assists in their WHS career.
In addition to their 37 goals this season, Spirk scored 35 as a junior, 35 as a sophomore and 10 as a first-year student. They had 9 assists this season, 23 as a junior, 17 as a sophomore and 12 as a first-year student.
The 117 career goals lands Spirk in the unofficial OHSAA record book.  They are tied for 22nd all time with two other players.
Tyler Bozak leaps into a teammate's arms after scoring the winning goal in overtime against the Capitals at the ACC Monday night. Steve Russell / Toronto Star ) Order this photo
There was an understandable elation in the Maple Leafs dressing room after their 4-3 overtime win against the Washington Capitals giving Toronto — and who could have predicted this? — a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven series. But there was one long face. It belonged to Nikita Zaitsev, victimized by Washington twice in the first period as the Capitals took a 2-0 lead — later a 3-1 lead — that hushed an Air Canada Centre eager for its first NHL playoff game in four years. “It was the hardest first period of my life,” said Zaitsev. “It was so fast for me, for obvious reasons.” Zaitsev — a key part of Toronto's success this season — was playing their first game since being injured April 9 in the season-finale against the Columbus Blue Jackets. Their injury was never officially revealed but it was believed to be a concussion from the wobbly way they left the ice. Coming back from any layoff is hard, but to come back into a fast-paced playoff in front of an amped up home crowd is another level altogether.
Article Continued Below
“It was unbelievable. I'm so happy we won, and I found my game,” said Zaitsev. Indeed, there were smiles all around — the underdog Leafs are up on the Washington Capitals with none of Toronto's rookies showing any intimidation or inexperience. With the first three games having all gone to overtime, they've been getting plenty of experience. Auston Matthews picked up their first points of the post-season, a goal and an assist. William Nylander got this first goal. They join fellow rookies Mitch Marner and Kasperi Kapanen as goal scorers in their first ever Stanley Cup playoff appearance in which Toronto's confidence level is rising.
“I think it's going up,” said Matthews. “Once you get into the playoffs, the seeding doesn't really matter. It's who wants it more. The last three games going to overtime, it's anybody's game. It's definitely been a grind. We got a game Wednesday. We want to make sure we come prepared.” Nazem Kadri also had a goal and an assist, as well as a couple of game-changing hits midway through the second period. The performance of the rookies doesn't surprise overtime hero Tyler Bozak. “All those guys have probably had a ton of pressure on them their whole lives,” said Bozak. “They've probably always been the best player on their team and had the pressure to play well. They're used to it. It doesn't faze them one bit.” Bozak scored on the power play early in overtime — Lars Eller had been called for high sticking with 16 seconds remaining in regulation. The game turned on special teams. The Leafs connected with the extra man. The Capitals — who had the first four power plays of the game, including a 5-on-3 for two minutes — did not. “Our penalty kill was unbelievable all year,” said Bozak. “That was another huge turning point in the game. It was 3-1 at that time, and if you give up one there it's tough to get back. “We've always been confident. We've always believed in ourselves. It's never bad being in an underdog position. There's less pressure. We put a lot of pressure on ourselves to perform. We believe in ourselves in here and that's the most important thing.” The players fed off the enthusiasm of the crowd, not just in the building but outside in a packed Maple Leaf Square and throughout the city. “It's awesome,” forward James van Riemsdyk said. “I remember what it was like the last time we were in the playoffs. It was pretty special. You could see how jacked up the city was. You notice the blue jerseys walking around. I saw some people with some pretty wild face paint and wigs. You could tell it wasn't just your average game. “The crowd was loud. It was really into the game. It was everything you'd want in a crowd in a game like this for home-ice advantage. “It was an exciting game. It's great to come out on top.”
Read more about:
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Srinagar
Seeking the intervention of the chief minister, families of the Kashmiri victims of the Tihar Jail assault assembled at the Press Enclave near Lal Chowk here on Monday to demand that their kin be shifted to a Kashmir jail immediately. They also submitted a written appeal to Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti in this regard.
Relatives and friends of the four Kashmiri inmates of Tihar Jail who were assaulted by police staff of the prison on November 21 gathered at Press Enclave with placards that demanded the shifting of the prisoners to Kashmir.
Farooq Ahmad Malik, father of Ehtisham Malik, one of the four Kashmiri victims of the assault, said that there was a “conspiracy” behind the attack. “Why were our sons and brothers attacked when the process of peace was initiated?” they said, referring to the appointment of the “interlocutor” by Government of India to hold dialogue for peace in Kashmir.
“It is the gravest violation of human rights in what was done to the Kashmiri prisoners in Tihar,” they said. “We seek intervention of the chief minister to get our kin back.”
Ehtisham was arrested six years ago from Delhi when they were on their way home from Ranchi, Malik said. They said their family lives at Batpora in Sopore. Ehtisham was recently brought to their hometown for a court hearing. They appeared at the Sopore court with their head bandaged and arm injured from the assault they suffered inside Tohar Jail. The court immediately sent them for medical check-up. They were taken to Sopore sub-district hospital from where they were referred to SKIMS Soura in Srinagar. A few days of treatment later, they were taken back to Tihar Jail.
The family of another assaulted prisoner, Mushtaq Ahmad Lone, told Kashmir Reader, “Mushtaq had just got married when they were called for questioning by the SHO and some sleuths of the NIA (National Investigation Agency) from their home in 2014. Since then they are in Tihar, and so far no charge-sheet has been produced in court against him.”
Mushtaq Ahmad Lone is a resident of Kanelwan Bijbehara in Anantnag district and was married two months before their arrest. “We urge the chief minister to use their good offices to ask the GoI to bring back our kin,” their family member said.
“We the parents and relatives of assaulted detainees are having every apprehension of threat to life of our sons lodged at Tihar Jail,” the families of the victims have written to the chief minister in their appeal. “Due to your good efforts, action against the TSP (Tamil Nadu Special Police) personnel has been initiated and they have been placed under suspension till further inquiry. This action taken by your good self is appreciable and we the parents and relatives of detainees lodged in Tihar Jail whole heartedly thank you for this action.”
“We appeal (to) your good self to have immediate visit to Tihar jail and ensure safety of our sons there and also initiate a process of shifting of these prisoners to jails within state,” the appeal reads.—KR
Man Who Led High-Speed Chase On I-96 Rejects Plea Offer
August 14, 2017
A Lansing man who fled from police, leading a high-speed chase on I-96, has rejected a plea offer from prosecutors.
35-year-old Deron Maurice Wilson appeared in Livingston County Circuit Court Friday for a pre-trial hearing. There, they were offered a plea deal by prosecutors, but turned it down. The details of the deal were not made available.
Wilson is charged as a habitual offender with 2nd degree fleeing a police officer, carrying concealed weapons, resisting a police officer, driving with a suspended license, open intoxicants, and felony firearms. The charges stem from the April 15th incident, in which Livingston County Sheriff's deputies attempted to pull Wilson over for a traffic violation.
Wilson took off, leading a high speed chase on I-96. Livingston County Sheriff Mike Murphy says Wilson traveled east, and then exited at D-19. They then traveled north and re-entered I-96 headed west. Murphy says deputies pursued Wilson until the chase became a safety concern. Not long after, their vehicle was spotted in Lansing and they were arrested without incident.
Wilson is due back in court September 15th for a final settlement conference. (DK)
NEWBURY residents have spoken of their disgust after receiving “hurtful and divisive leaflets” encouraging them to object to plans for a new mosque in the town.
The Newbury Jamme Mosque and Bangladeshi Welfare Centre, in Pound Street (pictured), wants to raise £400,000 for a new “cultural and community centre” in a nearby location.
However, many residents had a flyer posted through their doors last week entitled ‘Does Newbury need a 2,500 sq foot mosque here?' which urges them to disapprove of the proposals.
One resident, who didn't want to be named, said: “This anonymous petition just dropped through my letterbox and I am saddened and angry about it.
“Would this have dropped through my letterbox if it was a petition for a new church building? Probably not.
“I do hope that some noise is made about this as this is an often unfairly discriminated minority of law-abiding citizens that add value to our community.
“To treat them in this way is, in my view, unacceptable.”
The leaflets have also been met with anger from Waheeda Soomro, a prominent member of the local Muslim community and former chief operations officer at All2gether.
They said: “I am very proud to be part of the active and integrated local Muslim community of Newbury and Thatcham.
“We have no room for hate mongering, creating fear and division.
“The local Muslim community has been very active in building community cohesion and understanding, dispelling myths and assumptions about Islam.”
Another resident, who got in touch with the Newbury Weekly News, said: “This canvassing by an unknown person or group seems to me to be very hurtful and divisive and in our current situation extremely unhelpful.”
One other contacted the NWN to say: “Like many residents of Newbury I recently received through my letterbox material encouraging me to object to the development of a new mosque in Newbury.
“These forms have been produced to look like official council literature, and are in any case at best legally dubious.
“This is a clear and blatant attempt to subvert the normal planning application process, and is wholly predicated on anti-Islam sentiment, rather than any real concern for the built environment of Newbury.”
Another resident who received a flyer added: “Whilst the body of the text in the leaflet isn't offensive, I found the sentiment fairly offensive.
“It's basically inciting people to object to the relocation of the mosque, currently on Pound Street.
“Obviously if people want to object then that is their democratic right, but someone has gone to a great deal of trouble to highlight this application, so it does make me wonder what their end goal is.
“I am not associated with the mosque in any way but think this is a bit unfair.”
The leaflet shows a map of the position of the proposed new mosque, a photograph of the building to be taken over, and the address of the planning department at West Berkshire Council.
It claims the proposed mosque is out of keeping in a residential and business area, that there is inadequate parking and that the mosque would be open every day.
The leaflet also claims that at certain times throughout the year, at special religious festivals, there would be increased congestion.
On the mosque's website, it says: “At the present moment, we are renting sports halls and have a small mosque in Newbury but neither of these can be a long-term solution.
“We wish to have a centre where we can pray, hold maths and English classes for our children, undertake sports activities (such as indoor football, cricket, tennis), have a regular point of contact with the statutory services (police, ambulance, fire, NHS, housing associations, town council etc).
“Somewhere we can provide assistance and reassurance to those in need, promote cultural understanding by inviting others (of any faith or of none at all) to associate and share points of view.”
Newbury Jamme Masjid is the first mosque to be built in Newbury and was opened to the public in 2000.
The Newbury Jamme Mosque & Bangladesh Welfare Centre is open to visitors throughout the year.
On the website, it adds: “Since the mosque was built, it has become a focal point for the Muslim community.”
When you're single and looking for love, the prospect of finding a healthy relationship can seem daunting. Whether you want to date the old-fashioned way or you prefer the process of modern dating — making a dating profile that stands out, combing through your matches, and of course, actually going out on dates — it can take a lot of time and effort to find a fulfilling relationship. While that might not be exactly what you want to hear, the good news is that dating, although challenging, can also be super fun and rewarding, particularly if you practice healthy dating habits.
But what does it even mean to have "healthy" habits when it comes to dating? Essentially, it boils down to being mindful — both of who you are as a person, and of what you want in another person. "You can't hit what you aren't aiming at, so step one would be to clarify your own goals, wants, needs, strengths, and weaknesses," Caleb Backe, health and wellness expert at Maple Holistics, tells Bustle. "The habit which facilitates this is being in a constant open dialogue with oneself. You may notice things you are doing wrong, and take steps to remedy the situation."
If you're serious about finding a long-term partner that's perfect for you, here are nine habits that people who find the relationships they want have in common, according to experts.
1 They Don't Look For Someone To "Complete" Them Ashley Batz/Bustle Although Jerry McGuire might have made audiences swoon with their emotional "you complete me" speech, in reality, you shouldn't be looking for someone to make you feel whole — you should feel like a complete person on your own before adding someone else to the mix. "Once you are more aware of what it is you want in your life, you can search for someone to share that life with," Backe says. "Someone who will be able to complement your being, and help you move forward. I am not talking about finding a soulmate, nor am I talking about perfect halves, or 'you complete me' ideas. Those have their place, sure, but you ought to be an individual before you become a couple."
2 They Trust Their Intuition Hannah Burton/Bustle One of the most important, but often overlooked, good dating habits? Being willing to trust your gut when it's telling you someone is (or is not) a good match for you. "Most of us have that internal voice that tells us something isn't right, but we don't listen to it," Kayla Lords, sexpert for JackAndJillAdult.com and owner of Loving BDSM, a website and podcast that focuses on Dominance and submission (D/s) relationships, tells Bustle. "We stick around, thinking we can fix them or that we'll finally be the one partner they change for. That internal voice is almost never wrong, and even if you're conscious mind can't pinpoint the problem, you know it's not right. Wait for the person who doesn't give you that bad feeling."
3 They Pay Attention To How They're Treated Andrew Zaeh for Bustle At the very beginning of a relationship, both people are typically on their best behavior — which means that if someone isn't treating you the way you want to be treated upfront, you should be confident enough to call things off. "If a partner doesn't treat you with respect in the beginning, there's no way they'll do it later when you've been together long-term," Lords says. "Looks, money, and status mean very little compared to kindness, the willingness to listen, and respect."
4 They Don't Rush Relationships Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If you really hit it off with someone, feelings can develop fast — but instead of rushing into a commitment right away, you're better off taking the time to really get to know a person before you hitch their figurative wagon to yours. "Every so often we learn about a couple that fell in love at first sight, got married six weeks later, and lived happily ever after," Lords says. "They're the exception, not the rule. For the rest of us, when we fall too hard too soon for the wrong one, it's a dumpster fire from start to finish. Spend time getting to know each other. Watch for the small signals that you can or can't trust each other. Pay attention less to what they say and more to what they do. Each of you should have to work for this relationship, and that can take time."
5 They're Not Afraid To Look "Thirsty" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If I had a dollar for every time I've been called "thirsty" just because I was open about wanting a serious relationship, I'd have a lot of dollars. Honestly, though, the notion that "thirstiness" for a relationship is a bad thing is not only outdated, but harmful. "I hate the term 'thirsty' because it's just the kind of shaming attitude that keeps a lot of people single," Francesca Hogi, Love and Life Coach, tells Bustle. "If you want love and intimacy, guess what — that makes you human. If wanting to be with someone makes you thirsty, then every person in a relationship is thirsty. People who get the relationship they want know this — playing it cool, being aloof and pretending that there's something wrong with unapologetically saying 'I want a relationship' is for people who are willing to stay single indefinitely."
6 They Practice Self Love Ashley Batz/Bustle Before you can find a healthy relationship with someone else, you first need to have a healthy relationship with yourself — something you can achieve over time through practicing self love. "We teach others how to treat us," Amanda Rose, Founder and CEO of Dating Boutique, tells Bustle. "So when we practice self love including healthy lifestyles, positive self talk, self respect, etc., then we set the stage for others to treat us the same. When we're missing self love we'll open up the door for unhealthy relationships."
7 They're Content Being Single, Too Ashley Batz/Bustle Even if being single isn't your preference, you should still at least feel happy and comfortable when you're not attached — because your relationship status shouldn't be your only source of happiness. "It's important to find contentment in being single," Rose says. "When we're OK with being without a partner and we find happiness in other places we're less needy in a relationship. Singles who are comfortable being alone don't suffocate and put as much pressure on a relationship. Relationships need freedom to survive."
8 They Stick To Their Dealbreakers Andrew Zaeh for Bustle We all have relationship dealbreakers, and healthy daters know that sticking to those — even when you like plenty of other things about a person — is the only way to find someone who will truly make a good match in the long run. "Knowing what you do and don't want in a partner is important and you shouldn't feel bad for having preferences," Heather Ebert, dating expert for dating site WhatsYourPrice.com, tells Bustle. "You should be open-minded while dating, but there are some things you shouldn't compromise on just for the sake of finding a [partner]. Knowing what these are and sticking to them will help you in the long run by weeding out those that you are unlikely to take far into the future."
For 15 years in a row, the number of applicants for H-1B work visas has far exceeded the program's cap of 85,000 available visas. The H-1B program, which allows US companies to bring in foreign workers in specialized fields like math, science and engineering, has long been a magnet for controversy. Tech companies say they need the visas to get scarce talent, while labor advocates contend that it allows companies to hire cheaper foreign workers instead of Americans.
Amazon, Microsoft, and Google are just a few of the tech giants that rely on the H-1B visa to snatch up coveted tech talent, and as this chart by Statista shows, this trend has only increased in recent years. Among five prominent tech companies, each saw an increase in approved applications for H-1B working visas from 2016 to 2017, with Amazon taking up the largest share of applications.
We are back reporting live from Bristol Magistrates' Court today.
From the most minor of crimes to the most serious, hundreds of cases are dealt with each day. Some of the more serious offences, like murder and rape, must be sent to the crown court for a judge or jury to consider.
But that leaves a whole host of crimes which can be dealt with in a magistrates' court – like speeding motorists, train fare dodgers and shoplifters.
(Image: Dave Betts)
Here are some recent court cases you might have missed...
Criminals can be jailed for up to six months by magistrates – anything that requires a longer sentence must be sent to crown court.
The magistrates can also issue fines and community service, and order people to attend workshops or classes to tackle issues such as alcohol addiction, gambling or even anger management.
To give you an insight into what happens at court, Bristol Post reporter Krishan Davis will be spending the day live blogging from inside a courtroom – bringing you constant updates as defendants are produced and sentenced (and everything in between).
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of a man in Pompeii who they believe survived the first blast of Mount Vesuvius only to be crushed by a stone block launched by the volcanic cloud as they were attempting to flee nearly 2,000 years ago.
Officials in Italy said that the stone block, which might have been a door jamb, struck the man's upper body and crushed their thorax and head, which they have yet to excavate from underneath the stone.
Massimo Osanna, the general director of the archeological site, said in a statement that it was an "exceptional find."
"Beyond the emotional impact of these discoveries, the ability to compare them in terms of their pathologies and lifestyles as well as the dynamics of their escape from the eruption, but above all to investigate them with ever more specific instruments and professionalism present in the field, contribute toward an increasingly accurate picture of the history and civilization of the age," they said.
Archaeologists believe the man may have been killed by the pyroclastic flow — the blast of hot ash lava and gas from the volcano — before they were struck by the rock, according to Live Science.
The man is believed to have been at least 30 years old. Officials said the skeleton showed evidence of a bone infection in one of the man's legs, which could have hindered their ability to escape "at the first dramatic signs which preceded the eruption."
Vesuvius's explosion, in A.D. 79 is one of the world's most widely known historical natural disasters. The blast destroyed Pompeii and Herculaneum, two towns south of Naples, and left preserved many of the area's structures and human remains in ash. Archaeologists began new excavations at the site in March at a section called "Regio V."
Vesuvius remains mainland Europe's only active volcano, according to the Telegraph. About 2,000 people died in Pompeii out of a population of 20,000. Many had fled because the volcano had been spewing ash and smoke for days before it erupted, the Telegraph reported.
Stanton's 250th career homer puts them in elite company
Giancarlo Stanton homered again, tying the Miami Marlins' season record, and they became the sixth fastest player to reach 250 career homers.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 11:02 IST
Miami Marlins slugger Giancarlo Stanton
With one swing of the bat in Sunday's 5-3 win over the Colorado Rockies, Miami Marlins slugger Giancarlo Stanton made history in a couple of ways.
Stanton's third-inning home run off the Rockies starter German Márquez was their 42nd of the season, tying Gary Sheffield for the Marlins' single-season record, set in 1996.
Even more impressive, it was career home run number 250. Only Ryan Howard, Ralph Kiner, Harmon Killebrew, Albert Pujols and Juan Gonzalez reached the milestone faster than Stanton, 27.
"It's been fun," Stanton told reporters after the game. "It's been a fun challenge every night for me.
"There's sometimes where if [a pitcher] throws their pitch, it's going to get demolished. Can't explain it. As long as I get extension and lift on the ball, it's going to go."
Thanks to Stanton, the Marlins completed a three-game sweep of Colorado at Marlins Park. They homered in all three games.
SUNDAY'S RESULTS
Washington Nationals 2-4 San Francisco Giants
Washington Nationals 6-2 San Francisco Giants
Detroit Tigers 4-6 Minnesota Twins
Miami Marlins 5-3 Colorado Rockies
Milwaukee Brewers 7-4 Cincinnati Reds
St Louis Cardinals 3-6 Atlanta Braves
Oakland Athletics 9-3 Baltimore Orioles
Arizona Diamondbacks 2-7 Chicago Cubs
Toronto Blue Jays 7-1 Pittsburgh Pirates
Tampa Bay Rays 3-4 Cleveland Indians
Philadelphia Phillies 2-6 New York Mets
Chicago White Sox 6-14 Kansas City Royals
Texas Rangers 1-2 Houston Astros
Los Angeles Dodgers 6-4 San Diego Padres
Seattle Mariners 2-4 Los Angeles Angels
New York Yankees 2-3 Boston Red Sox
SALE SINKS YANKEES
In a key matchup with the rival Yankees, Red Sox lefty Chris Sale performed brilliantly, striking out 12 and yielding only four hits and one earned run in seven innings of work.
Royals second baseman Whit Merrifield homered, tripled and drove in five runs in Kansas City's win. They went three-for-six at the plate.
PARKER IN GAME TO FORGET
Giants outfielder Jarrett Parker struck out six times and went 0-for-nine against the Nationals in a doubleheader. They stranded five runners in the opener.
GORDON DENIES DELMONICO
Nicky Delmonico was probably thinking "home run," but Royals centrefielder Alex Gordon was thinking, "this is the final out."
To end the game!
Alex Gordon makes out like a bandit. https://t.co/c61VjTKB2U pic.twitter.com/BeEAVPimSW — MLB (@MLB) August 13, 2017
BRAVES AT ROCKIES
On Monday, Rockies pitcher Chad Bettis will make their first MLB start since being diagnosed with testicular cancer last November. The 28-year-old right-hander underwent surgery and later chemotherapy in their treatment. They were 14-8 with a 4.79 ERA last season. Bettis will face Julio Teheran (7-1, 5.25 ERA)
Lautaro Martinez completes Inter transfer
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 183 // 04 Jul 2018, 19:14 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Lautaro Martinez playing for Racing Club
Promising Argentina striker Lautaro Martinez has completed a transfer from Racing Club to Serie A giants Inter, signing a five-year contract.
A move to Europe has long been mooted for Martinez and their arrival was confirmed by Inter on Wednesday.
The 20-year-old scored 13 goals in 21 appearances for Racing in Argentina's Primera Division this season, earning their international debut for La Albiceleste as a substitute in the 6-1 friendly loss to Spain in March.
A statement on Inter's official website said: "Lautaro Martinez is officially an Inter player. The Argentine forward has signed a contract with the club that runs until 30 June 2023."
As expected, Martinez missed out on a place in Jorge Sampaoli's squad for the World Cup finals in Russia.
But the exciting young forward can look forward to life in Italy's top flight next term after finalising their widely anticipated move to Inter, who secured a return to the Champions League by finishing fourth in Luciano Spalletti's first campaign in charge.
Atletico Madrid had been considered the frontrunners to secure Martinez's services, but the LaLiga side incurred the wrath of Racing after allegedly subjecting the player to an unauthorised medical last year.
The statement on Inter's website concluded: "After being monitored by various European clubs in the past months, El Toro is now ready for a new adventure with Inter. Welcome to the Nerazzurri Lautaro!"
Experts cast doubt on proposed plan to have trapped soccer team scuba dive out of Thailand cave
﻿
ABC News- Experts in cave diving say a plan floated to extract 12 boys and their soccer coach from a cave in Thailand by teaching them on the fly to scuba dive through treacherous floodwaters may not be the best option.
“Cave diving is a very technical skill and it's extremely dangerous, especially for an untrained diver,” Anmar Mirza, coordinator of the U.S. National Cave Rescue Commission, told ABC News. “So they may end up being better off trying to supply them in the cave until they can be gotten out by other means.”
The British divers who found the boys and their coach on Monday described extremely challenging hazards in the cave — even to them.
“They are cave divers with experience of diving in very flooded caves all over the world and some rescue operations as well,” Bill Whitehouse, the vice chairperson of the British Cave Rescue Council, told ABC News of the divers who found the boys, John Volanthen and Richard Stanton. “They had skills to go in through the flooded passages and lay a guideline for others to follow and clear obstructions to allow people to get through. So, they were the pathfinders.”
Volanthen and Stanton, who are members of the British Cave Council, described passageways so narrow they had to squirm through them. They also described to colleagues long stretches of flooded areas in the cave. One flooded area they said was about 5,000 feet long and half of it had no airspace to emerge to if something went wrong underwater.
“It's not like open water diving where you can just surface if something goes wrong,” Whitehouse said. “If you have gone 200 meters down a flooded cave passing if anything wrong you have to come out that 200 meters before you can put your head up above water.”
Divers also had to pull themselves along with rope against powerful currents in the cave's water. The visibility was so poor that one rescuer described it as swimming through coffee.
The boys, ranging in age from 11 to 16, and their 25-year-old coach got lost in the Tham Luang cave in northern Thailand after they entered for an excursion on June 23 and became trapped when monsoon rains flooded the cave and cut off their exit route, officials said.
The group forged ahead about 2 miles into the cave before finding the raised, dry chamber where they were found after a massive 10-day search by rescuers.
While they were in relatively good shape, some of them complained of being weak from stress and lack of food while others suffered from minor injuries.
None of them have experience in scuba diving let alone cave diving.
“The risks to those children coming out is that they don't have that experience and I gather that some of them, if not all of them, aren't even swimmers,” Whitehouse told ABC News.
A rainstorm forecast for Wednesday in northern Thailand could add to the challenges of getting the boys out of the cave quickly.
“When the weather deteriorates, the cave might flood again to the extent that diving might not be possible and they could be cut off for a considerable length of time,” Whitehouse said.
Officials cautioned Tuesday that the rescue could take “weeks or months” before the once-wayward group is removed from the cave.
Whitehouse said there is a chance that areas rescue divers found dry before may not be if the cave floods again.
“The choice is to try and take the risk that the cave won't fill completely and give them supplies to sit it out where they were until the water drains out for them to be able to walk out in two or three months,” Whitestone said.
ABC News' Dada Jovanovic contributed to this report.
Salim Ahmed
Inspector General of Police Punjab, Capt. (R) Arif Nawaz Khan has said that Punjab Police should represent its IT projects and innovative reforms of working system in upcoming National Police Summit and Expo at Islamabad and also ensure sharing with other provisional police departments and intelligence agencies so that all police forces may get benefit of new reforms and IT projects pertaining to modern policing by collaborating each other.
They further said various projects of better service delivery which Punjab Police has started in previous years including Front desk, Complaint Management System, Human Resource Management System, Welfare Eye, Local eye, Criminal Record Management System, SPU, PERU, Anti Riot Force and paperless working must be displayed at National Police Summit and Expo. They also emphasized upon showcasing and providing all information at Expo. This was stated by Inspector General of Police Punjab in a high level meeting held at Central Police Office, Lahore.
CCPO Lahore, Capt. (R) Muhammad Amin Wains, DIG Discipline and Inspection, Shehzada Sultan, DIG Safe City Project, Ali Amir Malik, DIG IT, Shariq Kamal Siddiqui, SSP Admin: Lahore, Rana Ayaz Saleem, AIG Development, Ahsan Younas, SSP Headquarters Traffic Punjab, Athar Waheed, Director Computer Bureau, Shaheen Khalid and other officers were also present in a meeting.
DIG Shehzada Sultan has told IG while briefing that delegation of Punjab police for attending National Police summit and expo is ready and Punjab Police will install their stall for providing information and awareness to participants about pieces of software that were made with help of PITB. They further said that police forces from all provinces of Pakistan, Azad Kashmir police and other law enforcement agencies will also participate in expo and will provide information about their IT reforms in working system.
In the meeting, different objects related to national police summit and expo were discussed in the session. IGP has said that without help of modern technology, the acquisition of smart and community policy is not possible so that for better service and facilitation of public Punjab police may further take initiatives of IT projects and take steps for more improvement of other already existing projects.
JACKSON, Miss. — Jeremiah Jefferson hit five 3-pointers and scored 17 and Chace Franklin sank a 3 with 16 seconds remaining to send Jackson State to a 60-57 victory over Alcorn State on Saturday.
Jackson State (10-13, 7-3 Southwestern Athletic Conference) trailed 57-51 with 3:17 left in the game, but Jefferson, Maurice Rivers and Franklin nailed 3-pointers on three straight trips down the floor to pull out the victory and snap a three-game skid. Rivers scored 12.
A.J. Mosby topped the Braves (7-16, 3-7) with 17 points and nine rebounds, while Devon Brewer scored 12. Alcorn State shot just 41 per cent from the floor, 28 per cent (5 of 18) from beyond the arc, made 10 of 16 at the free-throw line and finished with just six assists. The Braves came in averaging a conference-best 7.8 treys per contest.
Jefferson had four of their 3-pointers in the first half to guide the Tigers to a 31-25 halftime lead. Mosby had back-to-back layups to give Alcorn State a 48-47 lead with seven minutes left, and Reed Yalen's bucket stretched its advantage to 57-51 before the Tigers unleashed their game-ending 3-point barrage.
Anyone can learn to ask for what they want during sex. But there are people who are more naturally inclined towards being more confident sexually than others. And, turns out, they may share a handful of Zodiac signs.
“When it comes to what we want in bed, some of us might be more conservative or shy than others," astrologer Cindy McKean tells Bustle. "With that, it may be easier to be with someone that takes the initiative with what they want in bed. As intimate as an activity being in bed together can be, it's natural to want someone compatible. If you're the shy type, perhaps partnering with someone who knows what they want is best for you." And you can use astrology to help guide you when getting to know a partner a little bit better — even between the sheets.
“The zodiac signs that [tend to be] best at asking for what they want in bed are Fire signs," McKean says. "These are Aries, Leo, and Sagittarius. Outside of fire signs, Scorpios are top contenders too." So if you end up with a partner who falls under one of these signs, chances are you're in luck. Of course, it's up to you and your partner to decide what you are the most comfortable doing together, but communication is always key.
Here are the four signs that are the best at asking for what they want in bed, according to astrologers.
1 Aries (March 21 - April 19) Tina Gong/Bustle Aries are, above most things, adventurous and self-assured. Those two words are pretty ideal when it comes to sex and communication. “Aries are aces when it comes to letting their needs be known," Joshua MacGuire, a Los Angeles psychic, astrologer and life coach, tells Bustle. "It helps that they're impatient and don't expect others to be mind-readers.” Plus, Aries is all about pleasure. “For them, it's not about gaining notches on their bedpost, it's about satisfying their desires,” McKean says. So you can look forward to your Aries partner asking for what they need, instead of circling around it awkwardly, any time.
2 Leo (July 23 - August 22) Tina Gong/Bustle Leos know what they want, and like it a certain way. Plus, as a Fire sign, they aren't going to skirt around their interests. "With that, they have a tendency to guide their partner in bed to be satisfied the way they want," McKean says. Leos also aren't shy. They will feel able to ask you what you want, too. "Often gifted with a royalty complex, Leo believes [they] should have the best of everything — and that includes pleasure most definitely,” MacGuire says. So look forward to your loyal Leo partner also being loyal to keeping you both pleased.
3 Scorpio (October 23 - November 21) Tina Gong/Bustle Don't be fooled by the fact that Scorpios aren't a Fire sign — they have a lot of depth when it comes to their sexuality. "Scorpios are sometimes described as 'lusty,'" McKean says. "That's not exactly accurate, for they are very discerning partners. They exude sex appeal and know how to lure prospective partners to them." Plus, as a water sign, McKean adds, they seek depth and connection. So sex with them is likely to be about a lot more than just physical pleasure. And when it comes to asking what they want, it's a top priority. “Scorpio takes their sex extremely seriously and if it's not enjoyable for them, they're unlikely to suffer in silence," MacGuire says. "The sign of Scorpio rules sex, and they expect it to be a transcendental experience. If it's not working out that way, their partner is sure to be given direction,” And that's a pretty sexy quality.
That includes moving to a model that is less reliant on exclusive contracts and more travel- and experience-centric.
The Amazon deal may offset some of the concerns about Aimia following the loss of the 14-year partnership with Imperial Oil Ltd. But Hall said you can't directly compare the two retail industries.
Retail partnerships allow members to earn miles every day and help them amass rewards quicker, but they are not as important financially for Aeroplan compared to its financial partners and Air Canada, they said.
Aeroplan members will be able to earn points on most of their purchases on Amazon.ca beginning April 24.
The loyalty rewards program says members who visit Amazon.ca through the Aeroplan website will be able to earn at least one Aeroplan mile for every $1 dollar spent.
Members with silver and black status will earn up to twice the miles and those with diamond status will receive up to triple the miles per transaction. Those using Aeroplan-affiliated credit cards will earn miles twice on purchases from Amazon.ca.
Loblaw Companies Ltd. and Imperial Oil Ltd. announced a deal on March 13 that will allow PC Optimum members to earn points at more than 1,800 Esso gas stations.
Aimia has been working to prepare for the end of its agreement with Air Canada.
The airline served notice last year that it does not plan to renew its 30-plus year partnership when the current contract ends in 2020.
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
Indian fans take on trolls, back Sarfraz Ahmed
Indian fans backed Sarfraz Ahmed after an online page attempted to troll him.
Indian fans backed Sarfraz Ahmed after online trolls took a shot at them
The rivalry between India and Pakistan has never flown under the radar. This applies to the sport of cricket as well as fans from both the nations who leave nothing to chance as they attempt to assert their team's dominance over the other. Recently, though, Indians and Pakistanis shared a pleasant moment, proving why cricket is known as the gentleman's game.
The English language bridges the gap between cricketing nations. Since English is the second language for Asian countries, fans often mock the ignorance of the cricketers hailing from this continent with Pakistan often being the easiest target.
Due to India's better command of the language when compared to their Pakistani counterparts, Indian fans also participate widely in this act. However, this time around, the fans from both the countries stood together to face a common antagonist.
A press-conference video of Sarfraz Ahmed, the skipper of Pakistan's national team, went viral on social media in which they were visibly uncomfortable on seeing that most of the journalists were speaking in English. They were not aware that the mics were on and the cameras were rolling when they expressed their concern, asking a simple question about why the reporters were conversing only in English.
The video soon started trending everywhere and an Indian entertainment page used it to poke fun at Sarfraz. However, this completely backfired as many Indians came out in support of the Pakistani skipper, stating that English is the second language for dwellers of the nation.
Indian fans stood by the Pakistani skipper and argued that ignorance of the English language should not give others the right to make fun of him. Instead, they applauded Sarfraz's courage and praised them for their skills in the game.
Here is how the Indian fans reacted to the post by the page
This gesture won the hearts of many people across the border. The Pakistan fans flooded Twitter, acknowledging the support for their skipper.
And the one tweet which single-handedly slammed all the trollers and allowed the spirit of the sport to triumph.
synoptic boost The view and reserved sales website for synoptic boost are both ludicrously gone in a heartbeat, offering tiny to no details close notwithstanding no cigar what you're putting directed toward your complete individual biggest slice of the cake when you amount to be asked synoptic boost.
Buzz TV Host Jeff Shuford is an award-winning technologist and CEO of Tech From Vets. A regular contributor to Forbes, The Business Journals, Entrepreneur Magazine, and The Huffington Post, Shuford's passion for producing captivating content extends far past their columns in prestigious publications. Shuford's Forbes article titled “Nine Unique Ways To Brand Yourself As A Thought Leader,” was named by LinkedIn Business as one of the Top 10 Most Popular Articles Among Recruiters This Week. In addition to Shuford's Linkedin Business honor, their piece was also named the most viewed and shared article from the Forbes Coaches Council with over 170,000 views.
6 Lessons About Trump From Season 1 Of 'The Apprentice'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ric Francis/AP Ric Francis/AP
The drama. The loyalty. The speculation about who stays and who goes. The Trump administration has it all. And so did Donald Trump's run on The Apprentice.
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency. But as with their administration, Trump also stirred controversy on the set. A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times Trump used "really unfathomably despicable words" while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public.
Of course, people weren't watching then for insight into how the show's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on their public political image. But in retrospect, there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office.
Embedded Podcast: Listen To The Episode Hear from the people who worked with Trump on The Apprentice, including a former producer who claims Trump made racially charged comments during filming. Embedded Trump Stories: The Apprentice Trump Stories: The Apprentice Listen · 37:09 37:09
1. Questionable language
In October 2016, just before the election, an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women, saying, "[W]hen you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." When that story broke, former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were "far worse" tapes from Trump's time on that show.
Pruitt says they do not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement, but they tell NPR that the comments they were referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews. Pruitt says Trump's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew — that at times there would be an "audible gasp" from those who heard the comments.
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt's story "the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago."
Listen To Pruitt's Exchange With NPR's Kelly McEvers About Trump's Comments 2:00
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language. They started their campaign by referring to immigrants as "rapists." This summer after the racist violence in Charlottesville, Va., Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members. Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism, as NPR's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported.
2. A business person with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice, he's seated in the back of a black limousine, introducing themselves directly to the camera.
"My name's Donald Trump," they begin, "and I'm the largest real estate developer in New York." They list off their holdings: buildings, casinos, golf courses, model agencies and much more.
Then they briefly hint at their past financial challenges.
"But it wasn't always so easy. About 13 years ago I was seriously in trouble," they say, in reference to four bankruptcies involving their properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992.
"I was billions of dollars in debt," they continue. "But I fought back and I won, big league. I used my brain. I used my negotiating skills. And I worked it all out. Now my company's bigger than it ever was — stronger than it ever was."
In all 14 episodes of The Apprentice's debut season, these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump's businesses had faced. From then on, the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog, with their troubles squarely behind him.
"Donald Trump is an icon," contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale. "He's someone who, when people said, 'You couldn't do it,' always got it done." That's a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign.
Multiple episodes were set at Trump's Taj Mahal casino, which they described on the show as "the No. 1 hotel in Atlantic City." Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving.
In fact, the Taj Mahal, along with other Trump casinos, would file for bankruptcy in late 2004, just months after The Apprentice debuted.
Still, Trump's business savvy was part of their pitch during the campaign, and many who voted for them looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside. Despite their bankruptcies, Trump largely maintained their image of success.
3. Ever the salesperson
Every episode of the show centered around a task — a business-related contest between two teams. Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment? The winning team, besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside their dimly lit boardroom, would receive a reward.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Frank Franklin II/AP Frank Franklin II/AP
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks: a private tour of Yankee stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson Bay. But more often than not, the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump's wealth and business acumen.
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and their then-girlfriend Melania, now wife and first lady, lived; the picnic at Trump's estate in Bedford, N.Y. ("where the richest people live," Trump narrates); the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. ("the best golf course in New York state"); the overnight stay at Trump's Taj Mahal casino ("you're staying in the most beautiful suite you've ever seen"); the jaunt to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort ("the No. 1 club anywhere as far as I'm concerned").
In Episode 9, one contestant's savvy business move earns them a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump. "You know, a lot of people would like that opportunity," Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock.
Trump's financial ties have followed them to Washington, with watchdogs arguing for further separation from their businesses. Trump and their lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust, rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done.
Even amid criticism of being too close to their businesses while in office, Trump has spent many weekends at their Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., and their golf club in Bedminster, N.J. Their hotel in Washington, D.C., has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president. And Trump hasn't shied away from talking about their properties. Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville, Trump took to the opportunity to mention their winery in the area.
4. Loyalty is paramount
It didn't take the president's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly President Trump values loyalty. But the clues were also there in 2004, particularly during the firing of one contestant named Tammy Lee.
In the seventh episode, as Trump dissects the losing team's failure as they sit before him, Lee breaks with the rest of their team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating. Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee's dissension, asking, "Was they honest or disloyal?"
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty.
"Your disloyalty has been just terrible. ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case," Trump tells Lee as the music swells, signaling they would soon deliver their signature sentence: "Tammy ... you're fired."
Comey has testified that the president asked for their "loyalty" and for them to end the FBI's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge, but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from their team — even if they do not always reciprocate.
5. Trump can stoke a fight, even between others
From the start, Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice (even into their presidency). And, like any good reality television producer, they appeared to have a gift for identifying and, in some cases, amplifying squabbles between contestants.
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6. Trump is interrogating the losing team, leading to the typical chain of recriminations. Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault (now an aide to the president) begins by complimenting their teammate, Heidi Bressler, before also adding that when they first met Bressler, they didn't think they had much class.
"Do you think Omarosa has class?" Trump asks Bressler, looking for a response to their teammate's backhanded compliment. They add, "If somebody said that about me, I wouldn't like them I don't care what they do."
Trump then turns to another contestant, Jessie Connor: "Do you like Omarosa, the way they just talks to you? I mean do you like her?" Connor refuses to take the bait, instead trying to keep the peace by saying they do in fact like them teammate.
But Trump isn't finished sussing out the conflict.
"How can you like her, the way she's talking to you? You know she's got a very sharp edge," they say about Manigault. And on it goes.
The president has had their share of direct Twitter wars since taking office, but they also have a history of publicly stoking feuds between others.
During the campaign, Trump created divides to their advantage. They tried to create a chasm between Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson. In October 2016, they reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., how Hillary Clinton had wronged them, saying, "To the Bernie Sanders people, you got sold out." In September, following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players, the president sought to remind the public of what they perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL's athletes and its fans.
6. On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known, which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success. Instead, their challenge has been to be seen as "favorable."
The show's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble. NBC, which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends, saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with their company, The Trump Organization.
Attracting 28 million viewers, the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week. According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup, when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999, the percentage of respondents who saw them as "favorable" declined precipitously: from 41 to 33 percent in less than a month. But in 2005, one year after The Apprentice debuted, Trump clocked in at 50 percent.
Trump had never before — and they would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup's polls. As of Oct. 5, nearly nine months into their presidency, Trump is at 39 percent. However, what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized.
By CRISTINA JANNEY
Hays Post
Options Domestic and Sexual Violence Services remembered victims of domestic violence Thursday night with its annual Purple Light Night.
The event happened at a time when the demand for domestic violence services has dramatically increased in the Hays community.
October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month, and Options has encouraged the community to place purple lights in outside light fixtures in honor of those who are suffering from domestic violence, those who escaped and those who have died at the hands of their abusers.
Option covers an 18-county area, but Jennifer Hecker, Options executive director, said the majority of Options' calls for service come from Ellis County, in a part because of the population density.
“We started doing the Purple Light Night event because we wanted to bring attention to the silent scourge of our community, and that is domestic violence,” Hecker said. “Eighty-five percent of domestic violence incidents happen behind closed doors. No one knows that it is going on in our community.
“The idea behind Purple Light Night is to bring hope to those people who are still living in abusive situations, to remember the people who have lost their lives to domestic violence, and to support those who are survivors and have come out on the other side healthy and whole and happy.”
There is a domestic violence incident every 23 minutes in Kansas, there is an arrest every 45 minutes, but there is also a murder due to domestic violence every 12 days.
Surrounding tables with face painting, games for children and tables for people to chat over chili and cinnamon roles were silent witnesses.
Banners displayed the names of people who had lost their lives to domestic violence in Northwest Kansas.
The Options safehouse provided shelter to 80 men, women and children in the last year. That is 44 percent higher than the previous year. Options provided 3,896 domestic violence services in the last year, which was up 151 percent, and its crisis hotline received 389 calls, which was up 267 percent.
Children in homes in which domestic violence is occurring are also greatly affected, Hecker said. Nine out of 10 children in these homes are direct witnesses to the domestic violence. These children can suffer with regression, anxiety, attachment issues, depression and self blame.
Witnessing domestic violence can make children more likely to experience domestic violence as teens and adults and can impair their ability to partner and parent.
Options the newest program, called Building Strong Families, seeks to combat the cycle of domestic violence and build resiliency in children who experience domestic violence.
So far this year, Options has provided 413 services to children affected by domestic violence, which is up 160 percent over the last two years.
Hecker encouraged members of the community to ask and act when they suspect someone is being affected by domestic violence.
“Another thing you can do is when someone discloses to you, believe them,” they said. “Resist the urge to minimize the abuse from the abuser even when it is someone who you know. Hold the perpetrator accountable and never ever blame the victim by asking them what they did to cause the abuse.
Ask instead why the abuser is abusing. That is the question we should be asking. Not why hasn't they left, but why they're doing that in the first place.”
Hays Police Chief Don Scheibler said as a community, we can stop the cycle of violence.
Ellis County Ed Harbin said Options employees were angels to many people in the community.
Mayor Shaun Musil was on hand and thanked all the Options employees and volunteers for what they do to combat domestic violence in the community. Fort Hays State University Police Chief Ed Howell also addressed the crowd.
Haas cuts Federer comeback short in Stuttgart
by Reuters News 14 Jun 2017, 22:52 IST
STUTTGART, Germany (Reuters) - Roger Federer slumped to a 2-6 7-6(8) 6-4 loss to German veteran Tommy Haas at the Stuttgart Open on Wednesday in a disappointing comeback after the 18-times grand slam champion missed the entire claycourt season.
Federer, who opted out of the claycourt swing in order to prepare for an assault on an eighth Wimbledon crown, made a sensational start to the year by winning the Australian Open and subsequent titles at Indian Wells and Miami.
Yet despite a superb first set on grass, they lost their focus as the 39-year-old Haas, in their farewell season, proved the more consistent from the baseline and set up a quarter-final clash against countryman Mischa Zverev.
Federer, 35, grabbed an early break as their attacking topspin backhand, which had served them so well earlier this year, was again on display.
Haas, a former world number two but currently at 302, was broken again as the Swiss served out the set on their first opportunity after 22 minutes.
Federer saved four set points and wasted a match point as the German forced a third set where they broke their opponent early on.
They held on to their advantage and sealed a memorable win with their second match point.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; Editing by Toby Davis)
The German government has taken a hard line against internet providers and what they can disseminate through a network enforcement law that is not popular in some quarters, said Gunter Krings, the parliamentary state secretary for Germany's interior ministry.
"Certainly, the companies didn't like it so much. But it's also clear that the standards of what can be communicated on the internet can't be set by the terms and conditions of private contracts," Krings said in an interview.
"These standards have to be set by democratically elected lawmakers, who decide on what is libel, what is defamation and how far can you go in even an open society."
Goodale said cybertechnology has become "a disruptive force" with the potential to harm critical infrastructure "and the power to more easily conceal identities."
Internet companies not only need to work faster to remove offensive material, they need to play a broader role in disseminating "counter-narratives" including to those searching terrorist-related material, they said.
Companies and governments also need to do more to improve the level of digital literacy among citizens "so that people can be more proactive themselves in identifying fake news, for example, and dubious sources of information."
The ministers also discussed how to guard against ongoing domestic threats, as the Toronto attack gave new urgency to a discussion of fortifying so-called soft targets.
Goodale pointed to the dump trucks and cement barricades that were erected near Toronto's Union Station and Air Canada Centre following Monday's attack.
Though nothing has emerged so far to link Monday's events in Toronto to extremism, the use of a vehicle as a weapon against pedestrians is something that Goodale's British, French, American and German counterparts are all too familiar with.
"The discussions yesterday afternoon and this morning were overshadowed, of course by the terrible tragic incident here in Toronto," said Krings.
Krings said the Toronto attack was similar to one in the German city of Munster three weeks ago that killed two people and wounded dozens more.
"The fear was that it's a terror attack, but it also turned out to be a mentally ill person," Krings said, stressing that they didn't want to leap to any conclusions about the Toronto attack.
Krings said the incidents show that countries face serious security threats and not just from terrorism. They and several other ministers around the table never lost sight of a key point: "We might be, on a professional level, relieved that there's no nexus, connection to (a) national security terrorist question. For the people that die, for their family, for the injured people, it really doesn't matter."
By Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press
Community Events Listings, January 2, 2017
Geisinger/medical school deal final It's official. The monumental marriage between Scranton's medical college and Geisinger Health System closed on the legal pieces of its integration, according to a Geisinger statement released today. (read more)
Life&Times This Week: New Year, New You, Outdoor Fun, Pigs in the Blanket, Northeast Woman, Out&About, Wedding, Engagements & More. (read more)
Pa. driver's license not compliant with Real ID Act Pennsylvanians won't be able to use a driver's license as identification for air travel as of 2018 unless state legislators act to resolve a dispute with federal authorities. (read more)
Samter's building in downtown Scranton sold The former Samter's building at Lackawanna and Penn avenues has sold, according to property marketer Hinerfeld Commercial Real Estate of Scranton. (read more)
Mistakes can be costly. They also can be so painful they keep you from venturing any further ahead.
Of course, that's true with almost anything tech-related, but IT managers will tell you that there are some common, and potentially damaging, pitfalls that anyone looking at a cloud migration should work to avoid.
Migration mistakes can cost the enterprise money and time, and eliminate or reduce any expected increases in agility as well as speed and cost savings.
Those stumbles and losses could cause business execs to back off from a bigger cloud migration. It also could cause execs to lose faith in their IT leaders.
"This is part of the learning curve," said Deepak Mohan, an analyst with IDC. "The negatives are attributed to the cloud and not to these mistakes that need to be corrected... If a company does not realize the cost savings and they fail to see the results they thought they'd get, the result is that there is a drop in faith and a lowering of confidence in your cloud strategy. And that will cause a slowdown in adoption."
Part of the issue is that the cloud is really a different beast for a lot of IT shops.
Everyday IT jobs, like data storage, app dev and resource allocation, suddenly need to be thought about and handled differently.
[ Further reading: Expert tips for managing your cloud data ]
"What we learned is that while it's easy to get started, cloud is completely different from IT," said Temujin Baker, senior manager of engineering and architecture for King County, Wash. "How you run your business in the cloud is different than how you run it" on premises. "There are changes in how you do your work, the skills that are needed, the process."
King County, with 220 connected sites and more than 13,000 employees, started migrating to the cloud in 2015, using AWS and Microsoft Azure.
It started with 1,600 on-premises applications and now has 30 of the 1,600 running in the cloud, with plans to move 120 more to the cloud this year. The county will consolidate and modernize some of its on-premises apps, so not all will move to the cloud.
Aaron Barak, King County's director of operations, said 2015 was all about seeing where the pitfalls lie and figuring out the best ways to avoid them.
"The first year or two was really about learning and getting our staff ready to support the move," said Barak.
And while Daniel Morreale, CIO of Hunterdon Healthcare System in Flemington, N.J., said there definitely are pitfalls in the path to the cloud, there are ways to avoid them.
"I expect that each instance is going to be a little bit different so there will always be an opportunity to make a mistake and then learn what you did wrong," they said. "Making my data accessible from anywhere in the world and the capacity to eliminate a lot of my hardware and not cooling my data center and dealing with power, it makes moving to the cloud a good value proposition."
Here is some guidance from IT people who have started their own cloud migrations, as well as from industry analysts, on some big mistakes to avoid in your own move to the cloud.
1. Don't analyze your apps before the migration
One of the mistakes that Dave Bartoletti, an analyst with Forrester Research, Inc., warned against is failing to analyze a company's applications before considering any kind of cloud move.
"The first mistake is trying to do too much," said Bartoletti, adding that IT managers need to start the migration with a small set of applications. "You need to run a portfolio analysis -- either with a consultant or on your own -- to determine what apps are good for the initial migration."
For instance, organizations need to split their applications into two initial groups - apps that will be migrated and apps that will be replaced.
It generally wouldn't make a lot of sense to migrate an on-premises email application when an enterprise simply could start using a cloud-based app, like one in Microsoft's Office 365.
Bartoletti also recommends IT managers check how compliant-sensitive an application is.
"The cloud is a safe place to run compliance-sensitive workloads -- but don't make your most sensitive data or applications the place to start your migration," they warned.
Companies also should be aware of applications that have an elastic load pattern. If an app tends to have workloads that drop and spike, then it's a good candidate for the cloud where it easily can be scaled up and down, taking advantage of cloud pricing so a company isn't paying for hardware when it's not using it.
Hunterdon Healthcare's Morreale said they made a mistake during their initial cloud migration because they didn't do enough application analysis.
The single hospital -- with 186 beds, 60 ambulatory locations and about 3,000 users -- is in the process of moving to the cloud and is completely doing away with its data center.
The company started the move last June by converting its email system to Google's cloud-based G Suite service.
A mistake Morreale said they made when moving to G Suite from Novell's GroupWise was not analyzing what their users needed from their old email system and not figuring out how differently G Suite was going to work from what end users were accustomed to.
"G Suite and GroupWise do calendar pretty differently," they explained. "We did not provide our executive assistants who manage multiple calendars at the same time with the tools they'd need to be efficient. We recognized that by day 2 and saw that we had messed up... The needs were not adequately explained or understood. We ...admit that we blew it."
Morreale turned to IT consultants SADA Systems, which sent someone in for a week to sit down with the executive assistants in small groups and one-on-one sessions to help them learn how to handle their calendars.
When King County migrated its enterprise backup, they too erred in fully analyzing their app.
Baker explained they did a lot of testing when it came to moving the data to the cloud. What they didn't do was test how it would work getting the data back for an actual restoration.
"The purpose of the backup system isn't to back up, but to restore," they said. "The performance of the restoration wasn't there because we hadn't done the full testing of the application. With an on-site restore, it starts as soon as you press a button. With the cloud, there's a three-hour-plus window where the service has to go back and get that data before we get a restore. That's something that we hadn't fully anticipated."
The lesson was to test the whole process the way it will be used.
King County's Barak added that factoring in the time it takes to retrieve the data and send it back, with a large outage, the delay could have extended to 24 hours.
2. Forget a business analysis before starting
Forrester's Bartoletti said another major mistake enterprises make is to not do a business analysis before they launch a cloud migration.
"Starting without a clear business case means you don't know what the benefit is going to be," they said. "You need some analysis to see if this will actually save you money... Just picking up an application and moving it to the cloud sounds easy -- but why are you doing that?"
During the business analysis there are key questions to ask.
For instance, do you need your apps to run cheaper or faster in the cloud? And how can you optimize your applications so they will run cheaper and faster?
Also, which migration tools will best fit your move?
"Selecting those tools takes time," said Bartoletti. "You don't just Google search tools for migration and use the first one that pops up."
They also suggest that IT managers profile an app's behavior and figure out what resources it needs, compared to what it's currently using.
"You don't want to go to the cloud and request a terabyte of memory when you don't need it because you'll pay too much," said Bartoletti. "You need to be 100% clear on what that app really needs, not what it has been using."
John Trujillo, an assistant vice president, technology in the retirement solutions division at Pacific Life Insurance, said they began migrating to the AWS cloud in 2015.
"There were definitely mistakes that I could see that, to some degree, we made," said Trujillo. "One is that cloud is not a strategy ... It's a tactic toward achieving business strategy and business objectives, like agility and innovation. What are the business drivers to getting to the cloud? It's not just about getting there."
For Trujillo and their team a mistake was not putting the benefits of moving to the cloud in clear enough business terms to senior executives.
"The speed of business is increasing," they said. "The work is growing. The cloud addresses those realities but [business executives] didn't understand that... We were assuming they understood and were not really helping them understand what the cloud is and how it leverages into business value."
3. Underestimate costs
Of course, one of the biggest draws to migrating to the cloud is the cost savings.
With apps running in the cloud, companies don't have to pay IT workers to do things like manage email, deal with costly data centers, buy as much hardware and keep applications operational.
The issue is, though, that there are costs to cloud migration too.
For instance, Bartoletti said IT managers often overlook the cost of moving storage.
"The most expensive part of migration is often moving storage or the data," they added. "It might require a 100-gigabyte data base. The cloud providers don't generally charge you for moving data in, but it could take several weeks or months if it's huge. You want to estimate in your migration project how long it will take to move your data."
Pacific Life's Trujillo agreed.
"There's definitely an upfront cost in getting to the cloud. There's no doubt about that," they said. "Data storage in the cloud, properly configured and architected, can be significantly cheaper" than what we do on-premises today. "Moving it into the cloud is more of a people cost."
IDC's Mohan noted that it also can be costly to forget to reallocate people and resources.
"You need to spin away the ongoing costs and the manpower costs related to an operation" that you used to run on premises, they said. "If you're reducing your data center needs, can you cancel the lease or sublet it and figure how you'll use the workers who used to run that for you."
Trujillo also warned that IT managers might not consider how much they're going to be distracting their IT team during a migration.
IT workers, who might otherwise be focused on business-specific jobs, will be working on the migration. That will slow down or postpone other projects.
Of course, the promise of the migration is that once it's in place, those same workers will have more time to be free from many of the old mundane tasks so they can focus on business differentiation and advantage.
4. Don't get the training you need
Many IT staffs probably don't know a lot about the cloud, especially if this is their first migration. And finding cloud-savvy people can be challenging and expensive.
Without that cloud knowledge, a migration can take longer than expected and run into more problems. And, possibly even worse, once the migration is over, IT might find they've simply moved their old on-premises mess to the cloud.
IT workers, and managers, need cloud training, and consultants may be needed, so IT not only understands how using the cloud works but they also understand about modernizing applications, so they take advantage of cloud services.
"One of the mistakes we made early on is not fully appreciating how scary this can be to people who have been in IT for a long time," said Pacific Life's Trujillo. "One of the critical things we didn't do well enough up front was help the rank-and-file IT staff understand that this might be scary at first but it's really an opportunity for them to stay current and fresh in the industry."
In the absence of proper training, there also is more risk of legacy thinking being brought into the cloud."
5. Don't move beyond "lift and shift"
Moving beyond legacy thinking will help IT managers avoid a major pitfall of cloud migrations.
"IT needs to consciously change their thinking and their processes," said IDC's Mohan. "The process change is the piece that enterprises often fail to consider."
The issue is that the cloud is much more than just picking up an application or data and dropping it in the cloud.
The real benefit to the enterprise is taking advantage of cloud services, like mobile back-end services and performance management services. Using the cloud shouldn't be just about cheap storage.
"The cloud is requiring us to rethink long-cherished theories in enterprise IT," said Pacific Life's Trujillo, adding that they caught themselves before making this mistake. "Taking your legacy thinking into the cloud is a big potential pitfall. There are very significantly new and better ways to do things in the cloud than we've all grown up with."
For instance, they said they were used to application developers or even business people coming to them and saying they needed a server. IT would tell them how long a wait it would be.
"In the cloud, they don't need to come to me," said Trujillo. "They can spin up a server in a couple of minutes. A danger is continuing to be guardians of the gates in the cloud, rather than letting app dev and even business being able to spin things up on their own... We need to switch our minds from being service providers to service brokers."
In the end, analysts and IT managers say it's unlikely that companies will avoid every pitfall when it comes to cloud migration.
Some problems you can anticipate, some you can't.
Build padding into your migration timeline so you can deal with issues when they come up.
"Our people don't care about the technology," said King County's Barak. "They just care about the work that needs to be delivered."
This story, "Five pitfalls to avoid when migrating to the cloud" was originally published by Computerworld.
AT the top of Yorkshire, on the eastern slope of Ingleborough where the flora and fauna are chiefly sheep and grass, some unexpected inhabitants have moved in.
It barely registers as a pinprick on the map, but on a warm spring day, Ashes Pasture is alive to the curlew and the cuckoo and to the smell of orchids.
A curlew at Ashes Pasture. Picture by Jon Hawkins
Even on a freezing one like yesterday, the wildflowers are an oasis among the dry stone.
It is within view of the Ribblehead Viaduct, one of the county's best-known landmarks, yet the eight hectare pasture is a hidden treasure. No-one knows for sure why it survived the chemicals that have for the last half century been used to improve livestock rearing in the Dales – though the barely accessible and steeply banked road alongside may have had something to do with it – but the wildlife it now supports has made it a window on a Dales landscape all but lost.
Yesterday, its custodians were handed a grant that will ensure it always will be.
The hay meadow has long been considered a site of special scientific interest and placed under the care of the Yorkshire Wildlife Trust. When the owner of the neighbouring fields announced that they planned to sell them, the trustees knew they had to have those, too.
“It was too good an opportunity to miss,” said Jonathan Leadley, the Trust's northern regional manager.
“We couldn't risk the land being lost forever and we were lucky that a charitable foundation agreed to help buy it and give us some time to raise the money.
“Without that, it would have been sold on the open market.”
Yesterday, a cheque for nearly £60,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund completed the funding jigsaw, and extended the pasture from eight to 20 hectares.
Mr Leadley said: “We have been bowled over by the response to our fundraising campaign to save it.
“The plants there are typical of the way the Dales would have looked at one time, but a lot of that has been lost.”
The new, enlarged site will be a more robust home for wildlife and allow it to better weather the unrelenting Dales winters, they said.
“Small, isolated sites are very vulnerable to external pressures and once wildlife is lost there can be no way that species can return.
“If we get the management right, then with time we should be able to help the wildlife spread out into the adjoining areas.”
Work will now begin on partly restoring one of two traditional stone barns on the site, with nesting boxes for the barn owls and kestrel believed to live there.
David Renwick, Yorkshire head of the Heritage Lottery Fund, said: “Few people realise that every lottery ticket has the potential to save the UK's important species and habitats. The purchase of Ashes will safeguard the nature reserve and provide homes for wildlife.”
After spending 10 years working on the owner's side, Scott Lemoine has an improved understanding and knowledge of what a customer is looking for from a contractor. They now serves as vice president of strategic relationships for Universal Plant Services. BIC Magazine recently sat down with Lemoine to learn more about their new role and the importance of constructing and developing strong, successful relationships.
Q: What led to your position at Universal Plant Services?
A: Early in my career, I set some goals that I wanted to achieve. One of my goals was to be on the owner's side of the business and learn what the owners want and need from their service providers. I thought having 10 years of the owner's perspective would give me the edge I needed to help a service provider be the best at the services it offers.
Q: What is the most important part of your position?
A: The most important part of my position is to build and grow strong, successful relationships with strategic clients. This is an important part of the business because, when you have a strong relationship with the customer, you tend to have more trust with that customer. When customers respect your experience and advice, they are more likely to value your contributions. This means there is a greater chance your customers become long-term partners.
My prior experience on the owner's side of the business with LyondellBasell's Houston refinery will allow me to find common experiences with others. Sometimes to build the relationships at the executive levels, it takes finding the common experiences and bringing them up in conversations with the client.
Q: What are your goals for your position?
A: One of my goals in this position is to ultimately help grow the company by supporting our teams in the field. At Universal Plant Services, we take a lot of pride in our people. As a matter of fact, our leadership style as a company is "servant leadership." This means we support our craftsmen to the point where we give them all the tools and training they need to be successful at the clients' facilities.
Q: What is your favorite quote?
A: "The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time." -- Abraham Lincoln.
I like this quote because that is how I approach things. Sometimes we can easily get overwhelmed with our busy lives and think about everything that needs to be completed. It helps me to put the future into perspective and try to just focus on the things that are under my control.
Q: How do you maintain a good work/home life balance?
A: I think the work/home life balance is one of the most important functions in any career, and it is also one of the hardest things to do. Living in an age where we can do almost anything on our smart phone makes it easier. But in turn, it also keeps us connected to our career. This makes it even more difficult to separate work from home life. It is a proven fact that everyone at some point will bring work home, because that is just the nature of our industry. If you think about it, the facilities run 24/7, and when you are in the service business, you will get called. Maintaining the proper work/home life balance takes a commitment that we have to practice often.
For more information, visit www.univer salplant.com or call (281) 694-6122.
View in Digital Edition
News Brief: Outlook For Alabama, California Fires, Honduras Election
As voters in Alabama prepare to elect a new senator, we look at the potential consequences. Also, an update on fires in California and the contested election in Honduras.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Here's a question that Alabama voters answer this week. Can a Democrat really win a Senate seat in such a red state?
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
So this thing would hardly be in question except for the many accusations against Republican Roy Moore. So the Democrat Doug Jones is actually close in the polls - close yet he's still behind, amid stories of Moore's past conduct with teenage women and girls. Alabama's senior senator meanwhile, Richard Shelby, told CNN's "State Of The Union" that they actually wrote in a different Republican's name in their absentee ballot.
(SOUNDBITE OF TV SHOW, "State of the Union")
RICHARD SHELBY: So many accusations, so many cuts, so many drips, drip, drip. When it got to the 14-year-old's story, that was enough for me. I said, I can't vote for Roy Moore.
MARTIN: While President Trump recorded robocalls for Moore's campaign.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our make America great again agenda.
INSKEEP: NPR congressional reporter Susan Davis will be covering whoever wins that Senate race. And she's in our studios. Good morning, Sue.
SUSAN DAVIS, BYLINE: Good morning, Steve.
INSKEEP: So where does this race stand?
DAVIS: I think Roy Moore certainly has the advantage going into Tuesday's election because this is still fundamentally a very conservative state. But there is a path for Doug Jones to win. Mathematically, it is polling competitively. I think it's fair to say this has been an unusual and unpredictable Senate race, so it's hard to know exactly how voters are going to turn on Tuesday.
INSKEEP: I guess there are a couple of ways that Moore's support could erode. Voters might not show up for him, Republican voters, or voters might effectively not show up by doing what Richard Shelby did, writing an absentee ballot.
DAVIS: Exactly...
INSKEEP: Writing a ballot - writing a write-in ballot is what I meant to say.
DAVIS: Exactly. And two of the big questions here are what do disaffected Republicans do? Do they show up and do they vote for Moore or do they write in? If there is this tremendous write-in campaign, that could also give Doug Jones a path certainly to win with a plurality of the votes. And then for Doug Jones, the challenge is can they really juice Democratic turnout, particularly among African-American voters, which make up a big part of the Democratic Party in Alabama? We just don't know the answers to these questions yet.
INSKEEP: You know, and it's not just the accusations against Moore. When you are in a situation like this in a state like Alabama, it's happened in my home state of Indiana, elsewhere, when national attention focus is on you, a voter could respond a couple of different ways. A voter could say, I'm embarrassed. I want this to end. Goodbye, Roy Moore. Or I'm angry that outsiders are telling me what to do, I vote for Roy Moore. You could see both of those responses.
DAVIS: This has also been an interesting race because it is testing this theme that we talked about throughout the 2016 elections and continues in this country is this issue of tribalism. And does your political affiliation and your political views trump everything else you've learned about a candidate that you just simply wouldn't vote for the other side?
INSKEEP: Very briefly, if Moore should win, what happens then?
DAVIS: The one thing we know for sure is that they will face a Senate ethics investigation. We don't know what happens then. There isn't much past precedent for the Senate or the House, for that matter, to investigate the behavior of candidates before they were elected to office. Although I would note that the decision of Al Franken to resign also comes into play here because senators were also calling on them to leave the Senate over behavior that happened before they were elected.
MARTIN: I mean, you talk about how the national media has seized on this and that might have deleterious effects for both campaigns. We should just note, our editor and producer have been on the ground reporting there. They found that even Democrats, the Doug Jones campaign, not interested in talking to national media at this point. I'm going to join them later today. We'll report from Alabama and bring you what we find - hopefully some answers to these questions.
INSKEEP: OK, we're going to be listening to Rachel Martin there. We've been listening to Sue Davis now. Susan, thanks very much.
DAVIS: You're welcome.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
INSKEEP: That's the sound of firefighting helicopters fighting a wildfire in Southern California.
(SOUNDBITE OF HELICOPTERS)
MARTIN: It's called the Thomas fire, and it's now the fifth largest wildfire in California history. It has scorched more than 230 acres or some 360 square miles. That is larger than the area of New York City. Now this blaze is moving closer to coastal beach communities near Santa Barbara.
INSKEEP: Which is where we've reached NPR's Eric Westervelt, who is near the coastal community of Carpinteria. Am I saying that correctly, Eric?
ERIC WESTERVELT, BYLINE: You're pretty close, Carpinteria, yeah.
INSKEEP: What have you been seeing there?
WESTERVELT: Well, there's kind of this incredible sight, Steve. Right now the entire hillside just outside of Carpinteria is on fire. I mean, this is a small, picturesque beach community. And if you drove along Highway 101 right now between Santa Barbara and Ventura, you'll see mile after mile of a raging fire with uncontrolled fire lines. And last night, you know, I stood along Highway 192 in the city residential area with, you know, folks who lived there who were watching this fire. And these just orange and red flames were shooting skyward as this fire moved west just above the city.
And the concern is, Steve, there's lots of built-up fuel here, I mean, bone-dry fuel and vegetation that hasn't burned in some 70 years. So, you know, no rain, lots of fuel and potentially more strong Santa Ana winds is a really bad recipe for firefighters.
INSKEEP: Which must be frustrating for firefighters. We imagine them trying to stop a fire. But when there's that much fuel there, essentially what's going to burn is going to burn, right? I mean, the best they can hope for is to redirect it a little bit?
WESTERVELT: That's exactly right. And really firefighters, some 6,000 of them, lost ground on this fire this weekend. You know, they've been fighting it for a week. The fire grew Sunday, Steve, by more than 50,000 acres. Containment dropped from 15 percent down to 10 percent. And so right now they're really just playing defense, defending homes in population areas but kind of unable to aggressively, you know, attack or go after the fire in ways that would help contain it.
INSKEEP: So I guess people in areas like this were aware that they live near hills and near forest land and grasslands and things that can burn. It's not like fire is a new thing. But being there in California, Eric, During this year of two immense fires, one in Northern California and Southern California, I'm just curious if people are beginning to think about the threat of fire and living with fire differently?
WESTERVELT: I think there is a change going on. People are fearful. They're seeing these bigger fires last longer and later. We're talking a fire in now, you know, mid-December. People haven't seen that. The fire season is usually, you know, summer and fall. So this is different. This is new, and I think it has people shaken. The governor this weekend called it the new normal for California, big drought-driven, climate-change-affected fires.
INSKEEP: The community where you're at, is it largely evacuated, partly evacuated? How would you describe it?
WESTERVELT: There's voluntary and mandatory evacuation orders in place where I am. It really depends on where you live. If you're closer up into the mountains, you're mandatory. Other places - where I am right now, it's a voluntary evacuation. Got a note from the hotel under my door and in the email this morning saying, by the way, it's a voluntary evacuation. It may go to mandatory later today. And if it does, we're going to kick you out.
INSKEEP: OK, be safe, Eric. Appreciate it.
WESTERVELT: Thanks.
INSKEEP: That's NPR's Eric Westervelt in Southern California.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
INSKEEP: We are also tracking a political standoff in Honduras.
MARTIN: More than two weeks after Hondurans went to the polls to elect a new president, there is still no official winner. The current president holds a slight lead, but officials have yet to declare them the winner amid allegations of widespread fraud.
INSKEEP: Let's bring in NPR's Carrie Kahn, who is in the Honduran capital. Hi there, Carrie.
CARRIE KAHN, BYLINE: Hi, good morning.
INSKEEP: So how is there still no winner two weeks later?
KAHN: It's been tough. The electoral tribunal here is moving very cautiously. International observers have already publicly criticized their handling of the election, citing what they call irregularities. There are allegations of vote buying, ballot stuffing. One of those glaring irregularities was a yet to be explained shutdown of the tribunal's vote tally computer. Steve, it went down the day after the election when the opponent in the race, TV star here Salvador Nasralla, had a five-point lead. When the computer came back up 36 hours later, that lead had eroded and the president, Juan Orlando Hernandez, was winning.
INSKEEP: Oh.
KAHN: There was a partial recount that was completed yesterday. And those were for those votes that came into election headquarters after the computer glitch. The results of that were pretty much the same as the original data. And yesterday, supporters of Nasralla, the opposition candidate, took to the streets again. They say they reject the recount's conclusions mainly because the electoral tribunal is run by the president's appointees. They want the whole election results to be thrown out, a total recount vote by vote done by international independent auditors.
INSKEEP: I guess Americans learned in our own presidential election of 2000 that once you start having reason to contest the results of a specific election, it gets very difficult to nail that down. It's extraordinarily complex.
KAHN: Well, I was going to tell you, there was this scene in this huge warehouse where election workers were doing that recount. And they were holding up each - examining each ballot, holding them up in the air and reading out the names of the candidates. And it really struck me to the similar scenes of the 2000 Bush-Gore recount, you know, without any hanging chads, of course.
INSKEEP: I guess not. But certainly some problems to deal with. So is there a deadline by which someone must be declared president? I mean, I guess there's a point at which you need to have an inauguration, right?
KAHN: Of course. And the electoral tribunal has a month from Election Day, which was November 26. So that would bring the deadline to December 26, the day after Christmas. And, you know, this is supposed to be the holiday season. And so it's a difficult time in Honduras right now.
INSKEEP: How tense are people on the street when you talk with them?
KAHN: Well, the protests have - are happening nearly daily. But they are much more passive than they were - peacefuller than they were in the early days right after the election result. You know, during that time, 14 people were killed and hundreds were arrested. And they've just become more peaceful and the police have backed away from more repressive control measures than those first days.
INSKEEP: OK, Carrie, thanks very much. We'll be listening for the results whenever they get in.
KAHN: Yes. Thank you.
INSKEEP: That's NPR's Carrie Kahn reporting today from Honduras.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday.
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America, where several people have died.
In Nicaragua, the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday, while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo. Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there, reports The Associated Press, and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate's storm system.
In Costa Rica, officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths, AP says. Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall.
In Honduras, two young people drowned in a swollen river, while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide, reports Reuters.
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph, but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana, including New Orleans, while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare "a pre-landfall state of emergency."
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning, but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening. Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas, with storm surge of up to six feet.
It has been a devastating hurricane season, and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet; the season continues until the end of November.
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath. Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate, some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps, which have already undergone damage.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water," Edwards said. But they added, "I'm not going to tell you I am not concerned."
Smacking your child makes them behave more badly, a new study has warned.
Children who are smacked before they are five have more behavioural problems between the ages of six and eight than those spared the rod.
Those who were physically punished argued, fought, got angry, acted impulsively and disturbed ongoing activities more than those who were not.
And the more smacks the children got, the worse their behaviour.
The findings suggested physically disciplining young children may have the opposite effect to what was intended.
Since 2004 it has been illegal in the UK for parents or carers to smack their child, except where this amounts to “reasonable punishment.”
Associate Professor Dr Elizabeth Gershoff of the University of Texas at Austin said: “Our findings suggest that spanking is not an effective technique and actually makes children's behaviour worse not better.”
Historically, trying to determine whether smacking actually causes children to develop behaviour problems has been difficult because researchers cannot ethically conduct experiments that randomly assign parents to hit their children or not.
Prof Gershoff said: “Parents spank for many reasons, such as their educational or cultural background or how difficult their children's behaviour is.
“These same reasons, which we call selection factors, can also predict children's behaviour problems, making it difficult to determine whether spanking is in fact the cause of behaviour problems.
“We realised that the statistical method of propensity score matching could help us get as close to an experiment as possible.”
The study examined data from 12,112 children who participated in the nationally representative Early Childhood Longitudinal Study.
When the children were five their parents reported how many times they had spanked their child in the past week
The researchers classified any child whose parent provided a number other than zero as having been physically disciplined.
The researchers then matched children who had been spanked with those who hadn't according to 38 children and family-related characteristics.
These included the child's age, gender, overall health, and behaviour problems at five; the parent's education, age, and marital status; the family socioeconomic status and household size; and factors related to parenting quality and conflict in the home.
Pairing the children in this way yielded two groups of children whose main difference was whether their parents had spanked them, effectively accounting for other factors that could plausibly influence the behaviour of both parent and child.
This allowed researchers to approximate the random assignment of participants to groups, a hallmark of experimental design.
The child's behaviour was then gauged by school reports when they were five, six and eight.
The teacher's report noted the frequency with which the children argued, fought, got angry, acted impulsively, and disturbed ongoing activities.
Children who had been spanked at the age of five showed greater increases in behaviour problems by age six and also by age eight when compared with children who had never been spanked.
A similar analysis found children who were frequent smacked behaved a lot worse than those who were smacked less frequently.
Prof Gershoff concluded: “The fact that knowing whether a child had ever been spanked was enough to predict their levels of behaviour problems years later was a bit surprising
“It suggests that spanking at any frequency is potentially harmful to children.
“Although dozens of studies have linked early spanking with later child behaviour problems, this is the first to do so with a statistical method that approximates an experiment.”
The study was published in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
A mum is encouraging the people of Bedfordshire to join them for an incredi-bubble day out and support their local adult and children's hospice in memory of their son.
Roman James, who died in 2017 when they were just five years old, was supported by Keech Hospice Care, which cares for children in Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Milton Keynes and adults in Luton and south Bedfordshire.
Their mum, Scarlet, dad Ben, and brother Gabriel, from Cheddington, as well as 22 family and friends, are asking everyone to join them and walk, run or dance their way through eight scented bubble stations at Bubble Rush this month to support the charity which cared for him.
“I can't wait to run Keech's Bubble Rush on July 15 at Cranfield University because what better way is there to spend a Sunday than running through a giant bubble bath?” said Scarlet, who will be taking on the 5km challenge.
“When they were two, my son Roman was diagnosed with a rare neurodegenerative disease called Niemann Pick Type C. As parents, you're in a lonely place when your child is diagnosed with a rare disease. Keech Hospice Care helped us cope.”
During their short life, Roman gradually began to lose their ability to walk, talk and eat by himself. When it mattered the most for their family, Keech Hospice Care was there.
“Roman absolutely loved Keech, particularly the sensory room and we would often go swimming in the hospice's amazing hydrotherapy pool as well.
“We can never repay Keech Hospice Care for what they did for us, but we will do anything we can to help raise the money they need to ensure adults and children with terminal and life-limiting illnesses receive excellent care and support,” said Scarlet.
Have your say
There was a welcome win for struggling Peterborough Northern Star in the United Counties League Premier Division (yesterday).
They were at home to Kirby Muxloe and won 3-1 to collect the three points.
Zak Munton (middle) celebrates scoring for Peterborough Northern Star against Kirby Muxloe. Picture: Chantelle McDonald
Two of the Star goals arrived in the last five minutes - from Zak Munton on 87 minutes and James Hill-Seekings on 91 minutes.
Hill-Seekings also struck Star's first goal in the 20th minute, rifling the ball into the net after latching onto a Matthew Barber cross.
Yaxley were also impressive winners taking the honours 4-2 at home to Wellingborough Whitworth with goals by Scott Waumsley, Matt Sparrow, Dan Cotton and Jack Saunders.
Cotton has now scored 19 goals for the Cuckoos this season.
James Hill-Seekings (stripes) in action for Peterborough Northern Star against Kirby Muxloe. Picture: Chantelle McDonald
Elsewhere in the Premier Division it was draws all round for the local teams.
Wisbech shared the spoils at home to Eynesbury Rovers 3-3, Holbeach drew 1-1 at home to Rothwell Corinthians and Deeping drew 2-2 at league leaders Newport Pagnell.
Goals by Dan Bendon (30), Michael Frew (45) and a late Danny Setchell penalty (87) earned the Fenmen their point.
Rothwell equalised in the 91st minute against Holbeach, who had Charley Sanders sent off in the second half. William Bird fired the Tigers in front in the 11th minute scoring from a Mitch Griffiths cross.
Warren McSkelly (stripes) in action for Peterborough Northern Star against Kirby Muxloe. Picture: Chantelle McDonald
Scott Mooney and Henry Dunn were the Deeping duo on target.
Pagnell stay top, eight points ahead of Holbeach with Deeping fourth, Wisbech fifth, Yaxley 10th and Star 14th.
In Division One the new managerial team at Blackstones - Lee Clarke and Daniel French - made it seven points out of nine with a 5-2 win against Burton Park Wanderers. Ben Porter led the way on the scoresheet with a hat-trick.
Table-topping Pinchbeck were held to a 1-1 draw by visiting Huntingdon while the Bourne v Irchester game was postponed.
Stamford were 2-0 winners away to Chasetown in Division One South of the Evo-Stik League thanks to goals by Ben George and Liam Adams but Spalding lost 2-0 at Loughborough Dynamo.
The Peterborough Sports v Frickley Athletic match was postponed.
In the Thurlow Nunn Eastern League March Town were beaten 3-2 at Needham Market Reserves.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Mahmoud Al Habbash, an advisor to Abbas on religious affairs, said the bill clearly shows that Israel is going ahead with its aggression on the Palestinian people and keeps challenging the world's will and the international law which allows free worshipping.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: 3news.com
The defendants are facing trial for causing financial loss to the state
The Supreme Court has set a June 7 date to give its judgment on an application brought before it by lawyers of former NCA board chair Eugene Baffoe Bonnie and four others seeking full pre-trial documents the state sort to rely on.
This was after the Deputy Attorney General told the court it received the statement of cases for all accused persons, and has filed a composite statement in response to all the issues raised.
The seven-member Supreme Court panel had ordered lawyers for the former board chairperson of the National Communication Authority Eugene Baffoe Bonnie, and four others who are facing trial for causing financial loss to the state, to file their statement of case within two weeks.
The apex court further directed the chief state attorney to within two weeks of receipt of that of the plaintiffs file its statement of case.
The order has been adhered to paving way for the apex court to give its judgment.
The Accra High Court put on hold proceedings following an application by defense lawyers seeking to have the prosecution make known all witnesses they will be relying on, and also make available all the documents it intends to tender as evidence.
This was opposed to by the prosecution who argued that the request was seeking an interpretation of aspects of the Constitution, (Article 19 (2) (e) and (g)), a task that can only be performed by the Supreme Court.
Delivering their ruling, Justice Eric Kyei Baffuor said the issue of interpretation had arisen since lawyers on both sides disagree on the meaning of the relevant provisions, hence the need to refer the matter to the Supreme Court.
The questions expected to be addressed by the Justices of the Apex Court are whether accused persons are entitled to comprehensive trial disclosure, at what point this should be done, and whether the accused persons are entitled to all documents including those the AG may not use in court.
Background
The case in question involves the former Director General of the NCA, William Tevie, Eugene Baffoe Bonnie and two others, who have been arraigned for alleged fraud and causing financial loss to the state over the alleged fraudulent $6 million contract signed between the NCA and Infraloks Development Limited (IDL).
The five are said to have fraudulently withdrawn some four million dollars from NCA accounts without justification.
Reports indicate that an Israeli company, NSO Group Technology Limited was contracted to supply the surveillance equipment at the cost of $6 million, to enable National Security monitor conversations of persons believed to be engaged in terrorism.
IDL was also reportedly charging $2 million to facilitate the transaction, bringing the total sum to $8 million.
But the three, through the said contract, allegedly withdrew $4 million from the accounts of the NCA and have failed to account for it.
Only $1 million was allegedly paid into the accounts of the Israeli company.
So far, the NCA's Director of Legal Affairs is one of the key witnesses to who has made an appearance in court.
In early May, McDonald's, one of the biggest rivals, announced it had begun serving bagels across the country.
And A&W, Taco Bell and Burger King have all upped the ante with breakfast offerings to compete with Tim Hortons, Starbucks and Country Style.
Macedo said Tim Hortons' all-day breakfast launch wasn't triggered by the McDonald's bagel announcement, adding "something as big as this would never be a reaction to anything a competitor would do."
The company, they said, had done a market test on all-day breakfast in 2013 and found it was "generally successful," but ultimately chose not to roll it out, in part because "the guests weren't asking for it as much as they are now."
Since then, they said consumer interest in breakfast has grown, as evidenced by research companies NPD Group and Nielsen calling it the fastest-growing part of the day for restaurants since 2012.
In addition to all-day breakfast, they revealed that the company would also be looking to a kids menu, new packaging, kiosks, loyalty programs and delivery to entice customers and regain franchisee confidence, but they said they aren't prepared to share more details on any of those plans yet.
"I don't think there is one answer to driving brand love," Macedo said.
"My only concern is to work with franchisees all over the country ... I think they are very willing to work with us to get the brand where we want it to be."
Among those franchisees is Aron Burch, who will offer all-day breakfast at five of their seven locations.
They said they were eager to get on board with the pilot because they own a handful of locations near McMaster University in Hamilton and finds most of their customers are students who like to sleep in, often making it to their restaurants just as breakfast is winding down for the day.
They said the months of tension between Tim Hortons and the franchisees, and the rise in the cost of living, had caused their stores to see "a little bit" of a decline in transactions in same-store sales, but they were confident all-day breakfast would help them lure more customers.
"Being able to offer all-day breakfast definitely is going to help us go to the customer who might have gone somewhere else or have it at home because of the convenience," they said.
"The busier the stores are, the better the day goes."
Well, look at that, another day, another victory celebration in the streets of Toronto. At a downtown parade, the men in red of Toronto FC were toasted for their brilliant performance over the weekend in outclassing the Seattle Sounders and winning our city's first MLS Cup championship. Winning, it seems, is getting to be a bit of a habit around here. So much so that, dare we say it, Toronto might just be on the cusp of a new golden age of sports. In September, the Toronto Wolfpack – the newest professional outfit in town, and trans-Atlantic to boot –were League 1 champions in Britain's Rugby Football League. Last month, the Toronto Argonauts – one of our most venerable sporting institutions – pulled off a thrilling comeback victory over the Calgary Stampeders to become the Canadian Football League's 2017 Grey Cup champions.
Article Continued Below
Now, Toronto FC – after years of ineptitude that finally culminated in a wild, Viking-clapping celebration on Saturday in the cold at BMO Field – is on top of the MLS mountain. Much more of this and Mayor John Tory will have to clear some space on the City Hall walls for all the championship photos coming their way. And they may want to think about repaving the parade route. Which raises an unlikely thought.
Mona Piper was Toronto's longest-serving crossing guard, and loyally protected kids crossing near the corner of Millwood Rd. and Cleveland St. in Leaside for 43 years.
Piper died Wednesday aged 88, spending more than 40 years of their life helping children cross the road on their way to Maurice Cody Junior Public School. They were born Oct. 9, 1929 on Guernsey Island, in the English Channel.
Piper's daughter Ann told the Star that working as a crossing guard was their mother's “raison d'être.”
“When I asked them why they didn't retire long ago, they told me that the children keep them young and give them a reason to get out of bed in the morning,” Ann said.
Josh Matlow (Ward 22, St. Paul's), posted on Facebook Wednesday about Piper's death. “On behalf of our community, we are so deeply grateful to Mona and will continue to celebrate their legacy together,” Matlow wrote.
Illinois man installs 58 crosses to honor Las Vegas victims
A Chicago-area man known for honoring the victims of mass shootings around the country installed 58 white crosses on the Las Vegas Strip on Thursday.
A Chicago-area man known for honoring the victims of mass shootings around the country installed 58 white crosses on the Las Vegas Strip on Thursday.
SALINE COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a case of vandalism at a Salina Park.
Salina City employees reported that the Saline County War Memorial at Sunset Park, 700 Sunset Drive, in Salina was vandalized between 8 p.m. on Oct. 4 and 8:30 a.m. on Oct. 5, according to Salina Police Captain Paul Forrester.
The unknown suspect(s) used spray paint to tag the monument and the sidewalk around it.
Authorities say that cleanup will exceed $1,000.
LaVar Ball firmly thinks their son will be the perfect sidekick to the newest Los Angeles Laker, LeBron James. “Lonzo and them gonna fit together like a glove,” Ball said in a recent interview with Overtime, noting that they haven't talked with James but “knew they were coming to LA.”
LaVar Ball called LeBron James the “best player in the game,” and said their son Lonzo would make a good sidekick when the two team up for the LA Lakers next season. ( Jason Miller / GETTY IMAGES file photo )
The outspoken basketball father, who has been busy running the inaugural season of the Junior Basketball Association, referred to James as the “best player in the game” and touted Lonzo's playmaking ability as a pass-first point guard in describing how the two would mesh. “Lonzo makes everybody better, including (LeBron),” Ball said. “He's going to make Lonzo better because he's the best player. Lonzo's gonna orchestrate it, and (LeBron's) gonna be fine with that as long as it results in winning.” Read more:
Article Continued Below
LeBron James bound for Los Angeles Lakers Opinion | Bruce Arthur: LeBron to L.A. solves nothing for Raptors Raptors re-sign point guard Fred VanVleet for two years, $18 million LaVar Ball also said Lonzo wouldn't play off the ball with James playing point forward as they did in Cleveland last year, and emphasized how their son's stature (at six-foot-six) and unselfish style fit better with LeBron's game than former teammate Kyrie Irving. “Lonzo's gonna get along with anybody they play with. He's just got that special gift,” Ball said. “And LeBron's gonna be fine with that on the fact that he's not 6-1, 6-2 like Kyrie. Lonzo's not ball-dominant where he's just dribbling the ball and you watching them to do a crossover.” The Lakers signed veteran point guard Rajon Rondo earlier in the week following James' deal with Los Angeles, and Ball isn't expected to have their starting spot secured.
Read more about:
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Conor McGregor vs Floyd Mayweather Jr is on!
The worst kept secret in fighting has finally been revealed with the superfight set to take place later this summer.
UFC legend McGregor will take on the unbeaten five division boxing champion Mayweather.
The pair have both confirmed the event will happen on their social media pages - with the Irishmen taking a chance to troll their 40-year-old American rival.
The Dubliner agreed to a deal with UFC president Dana White to allow them to fight Mayweather in a boxing match.
And through their promotions company, Mayweather reserved the summer date with the Nevada Commission.
But when is all the action? How can you watch it? What are all the details?
Here is everything that you need to know...
(Photo: Getty Images)
(Photo: thenotoriousmma /Instagram)
When will the fight take place?
The date to put in the diary on Saturday, August 26, although the fight will likely start in the early hours of the Sunday morning UK time.
Where will the fight take place?
McGregor and Mayweather will slug it out at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. The venue has a capacity of 20,000 for ring based events.
It has previously seen Canelo Alvarez vs. Amir Khan, Canelo Alvarez vs. Julio Cesar Chavez Jr., Gennady Golovkin vs. Canelo Alvarez, UFCs 200, 202, 207, 209 and 213 take place.
Ticket prices have not been announced yet.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Where can I watch the fight?
If you can't get your hands, or stump up the cash, for tickets, you'll be desperate to know how you can watch it.
While Showtime will broadcast the fight live on pay-per-view in the United States, there is likely to be a bidding war between Sky Sports and BT Sport in the UK.
Whichever TV station gets the rights, Sky Go or the BT Sports app will be the places to go to watch the fight on the go.
(Photo: Getty)
How much will the fighters earn?
The mega-fight could generate upwards of £500million.
UFC head honcho Dana White expects McGregor to earn around $100m - although the breakdown of that figure has not been broken down.
Mayweather is thought to have negotiated a bigger slice of the profits.
The fight is expected to break all television box office records.
(Photo: Ezra Shaw)
What are the rules?
According to TMZ, the fighters will use 10 ounce gloves in a 12 round boxing fight.
Both McGregor and Mayweather will be tested by USAGA for performing enhancing drugs after the fight.
(Photo: PA)
What weight will they fight at?
They will fight at the light-middleweight limit of 154lb - a weight at which McGregor beat Oscar De La Hoya in 2007.
Fighters' records
McGregor - UFC
25 fights
22 wins (18 KOs)
3 defeats
(Photo: @TheNotoriousMMA/Twitter)
Mayweather - Professional Boxing
49 fights
49 wins (26 KOs)
0 defeats
Who is on the undercard?
All that has been revealed so far is that there will be an undercard, which will comprise of boxing rather than MMA.
Heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua has previously hinted they want their next fight to be on the undercard of McGregor vs Mayweather - after they sensationally beat Wladimir Klitschko earlier this year.
That seems unlikely as the Brit has been an exception to their IBF title.
(Photo: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Betting Odds
Floyd Mayweather 1/12
Conor McGregor 6/1
Draw 25/1
(Odds courtesy of Sky Bet)
As Coca-Cola is celebrating 75 years of doing business in Bolivia, a corporate manager in that nation says the beverage maker is continuing to increase its recycling goals.
Quoted in an online article by the Bolivia-based La Razón, General Manager of Coca-Cola Bolivia Guillermo Gonzales touts the soft drink maker's growing use of recycled content in its plastic bottles.
“In 2010 we were pioneers in using recycled material in bottling plants,” they tell La Razón.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City chief executive Mark Ashton has been speaking about the successes of the January transfer window for the Robins.
Lee Johnson brought in three players to strengthen their side's play-off aspirations and the club managed to keep hold of their best players despite strong interest from a host of Premier League.
Speaking ahead of last night's 1-0 defeat to Bolton Wanderers, Ashton told BBC Radio Bristol that it was a job well done for the Robins.
They said: "I'm glad we got through the window, in what I would consider, decent shape.
"We had done a lot our work early in the window, with both ins and outs, and we made it very clear that we no intention of selling the players we wanted to keep and we achieved that. Our big guns all stayed which gives us a good competitive chance for the rest of the season.
"We had three principal targets at the start of the window and we landed them so all in all a good window."
Asked whether any clubs made late bids for the club's best players, Ashton explained how a long-term approach had prevented any major departures.
They added: "No club tested our patience as I think in December we met with our key players, representatives and made it very clear to the industry that we were not a selling club. When we got to January people knew what we were about, we were solid.
"I like to think there is respect between clubs, you can never say that a silly bid isn't going to come in but we sent out the right message and put ourselves in a strong position.
"As delighted I am with the three players we have got in, I am delighted that we retained the players we wanted to."
"I'm happy with the way we got through the window. We wanted to be competitive for the rest of the season and I think we have achieved that."
Shazam was one of the first music apps to demonstrate the power of the Apple iPhone. Photo: Bloomberg
London: Apple Inc. agreed to acquire music-identification service Shazam, taking ownership of one of the first apps to demonstrate the power of the iPhone, recognizing songs after hearing just a few bars of a tune.
“Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users,” Apple said an emailed statement on Monday. “We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement.”
Terms of the deal weren't disclosed, but TechCrunch last week reported the business was valued at about $400 million. That price would be a disappointment for some of Shazam Entertainment Ltd.'s investors, who had valued the company at about $1 billion when it closed its last funding round in 2015.
The Shazam app uses the microphone on a smartphone or computer to identify almost any song playing nearby, then points users to places they can listen to it in future, such as Apple Music or Google's YouTube.
While Shazam has been popular with customers, it struggled turning its clever music service into a business that justified its valuation. It expanded beyond simple audio recognition in 2010 by adding capabilities that let television viewers “Shazam” an ad, which would then open a promotion from the advertiser on a user's device. The company said this feature was used 700,000 times during the 2014 Super Bowl broadcast.
In November, Shazam had about 175 million monthly active users globally across iOS and Android, according to research firm App Annie. The U.S. is the largest single market, with about 20 million active users in November, while the U.K. had about 4 million in the same month.
“Since the launch of the App Store, Shazam has consistently ranked as one of the most popular apps for iOS,” Apple also said. “Today, it's used by hundreds of millions of people around the world, across multiple platforms.”
The acquisition would help Apple embed that capability more deeply into its music offerings. The company's digital assistant Siri gained Shazam integration in 2014, so users could ask it what song is playing in the background. Reuters
Mid-Carolina hires new football coach
PROSPERITY, S.C. (WOLO) — Mid-Carolina High School hired its newest head football coach, a source at the school confirmed to ABC Columbia Tuesday.
Former Irmo assistant and Chesterfield head coach Chris Arnoult was hired to take over the Rebels program, after former coach Louie Alexander resigned from the job in March.
The Newberry School District approved the move Monday night.
Arnoult led Chesterfield to a 28-17 record and a Region 4-2A title in 2015, their most successful season.
Arnoult will have an uphill battle in front of him; the Rebels finished 1-9 in 2017.
Former environment minister Glen Murray recently left government for the private sector, and Speaker Dave Levac, the Liberal representative for Brant, and Monte Kwinter, Ontario's oldest MPP, have also announced they won't seek re-election.
Matthews, who was elected in 2003, will stay as the representative for London North Centre and as advanced education minister until the election. But their announcement serves as an undeniable blow to Wynne, to whom Matthews has been a fiercely loyal deputy premier since Wynne took on their leadership role.
"She shares my vision of a fairer, more progressive, more inclusive Ontario and they know what it will take to make that happen," Wynne wrote in a statement. "Because of that, I have relied on Deb as a touchstone time and time again.  They are smart and analytical, always thinking things through by focusing on the people who will be most affected."
Matthews, who was often charged with leading the party's partisan attack efforts, has also served in cabinet as minister of health, children and youth services, and president of the treasury board. Most recently, as advanced education minister, they championed the government's plan to give free tuition to low-income students. They frequently came under fire in their time in government for failing to prevent serious problems at the Ornge air ambulance service as health minister.
Sandals, who first got into politics through their local school board and was elected to the legislature in 2003, will stay as the representative for Guelph and in cabinet until the election, too.
Wynne said they have often relied on Sandals' instincts and candour.
"I will miss Liz's steady hand, wise counsel and friendship," Wynne wrote in their statement. "Her years of experience and strong set of values have always been a guiding light for me and our whole team."
Sandals previously served as education minister and ushered in a new sex-ed curriculum that sparked controversy among some parents due to discussions of same-sex marriage, masturbation and gender identities. They stood firm, where a previous attempt under former premier Dalton McGuinty to update the curriculum failed.
Sandals also brought in labour peace with teachers, though the effort was not without controversy.
While under fire for millions of extra dollars the government gave teachers' unions while negotiating contracts under a new bargaining framework in 2015, Sandals said they didn't ask them for any receipts or invoices before doling out the money.
"We know how long we've been at the hotel. We know what hotel rooms cost. We know what the meeting rooms cost. We know what the food costs. We know what 100 pizzas costs," they quipped.
Sandals apologized for another off-the-cuff remark earlier this year, when asked how they thought large executive raises in the broader public sector, including at Ontario Power Generation and transit agency Metrolinx, look to people sitting on a delayed GO train.
"When you really stop and think of it, most of the people sitting on the GO train probably don't have high-level nuclear qualifications or the business qualifications to run a multi-billion-dollar corporation," they said.
The Canadian Press
WASHINGTON (AP) -
Friday, February 2, 2018 at 11:35 am |
In this Nov. 19, 2016, photo, then-President-elect Donald Trump shakes hands with Todd Ricketts at Trump's golf club in Bedminster, N.J. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File)
The Republican National Committee is confirming billionaire Todd Ricketts as its next finance chair, replacing casino magnate Steve Wynn, who resigned last week over allegations of misconduct, which Wynn denies.
At the RNC's winter meeting, the committee is approving the recommendation by Chairwoman Ronna McDaniel, with President Donald Trump's blessing.
Ricketts, an owner of a Chicago baseball team, was nominated last year by Trump to be deputy secretary of commerce, but withdrew from consideration over financial-divestiture rules.
The RNC raised $132.5 million in 2017, a record for post-election-year fundraising.
BEIRUT (Reuters) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 10:51 am |
An earthquake hit western Iran on Monday, the region where an earthquake last month killed at least 530 people, state media reported.
The center of the quake was near the town of Ezgele, but tremors were also felt in Kermanshah, the largest city in the area.
Iranian state media said the quake was a magnitude 6.0. The U.S. Geological Survey reported it was 5.4. Last month's quake was a magnitude 7.3.
President Hassan Rouhani highlighted their government's efforts in bringing aid and temporary housing to the victims of last month's quake. Hard-line rivals said the government response was not quick enough or adequate.
No reports of deaths or injuries have come in, the governor of Kermanshah province said, according to state media.
A Grand Rapids man has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman whose body was found in an alley.
The Grand Rapids Police Department said Monday that 47-year-old James Mitz faces charges of maintaining a drug house and failing to report a dead body.
Police say investigators believe 26-year-old Hillary Ann Schihl of Grand Rapids died in Mitz's home, and they moved their body off of their property to avoid being involved in the investigation. Them body was found March 11.
Police say Mitz was arrested Friday. Online jail records show they remained incarcerated Monday.
Police have said the cause and manner of Schihl's death cannot be determined until toxicology results are completed.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
One of the best parts about having a few (lakh) rupees to spare is you can fly in style. We know just how brutal being on a plane can be, especially when you're traveling long distances. So if you don't mind loosening your purse strings, the range of options is pretty wide. We bring you three of the most luxurious ways to travel:
A double bed at Business prices (BOM-JFK)
Sprawl across a double bed all the way from Mumbai to New York on Qatar Airways, which recently introduced the ‘Q Suite'. This patented technology will soon be available on all Boeing 777-300 and Airbus A350 long-haul and will be a non-claustrophobic experience in the ‘Business Bedroom', that will render “all First Class seats of the world redundant,” according to flamboyant CEO Akbar Al Baker. You could spread yourself across the bed (tall people are going to love this), and if you've booked four seats, you could convert them into a personal room. Slide the TV and sit across a common table to play poker or shut that double door as you chat with your bookie on the ground through the on-board Wi-Fi.
Emirates First Class (BOM-GRU)
With budget carriers increasingly dominating the skies, full-service airlines have been forced onto the back foot. Yet, despite all the headwinds and belt-tightening, there's no argument about the best way to do a super-long haul: on the upper deck of an A380. So, if you're heading to São Paulo or Los Angeles from Mumbai or Delhi, you can't do better than a quick stopover at DXB's dedicated A380 terminal, with its sprawling Business and First Class lounges, and then hopping aboard the most sumptuous of transcontinental flights. ALSO READ How to travel in style
Air France's 777-200 (BLR-CDG)
Things are looking up for Air France, long considered the ‘les misérables' of airlines. Its brand new 777-200 service from Bengaluru to Paris comes with fresh linen, clean white interiors, ambience-controlling lights and some French sparkle awaiting you as you settle into your reverse herringbone seat with ample legroom (even if you're 6'5”). The nine-hour red-eye lets you get cosy on a fully flat bed. And if you're a bit of an insomniac, be assured you'll be well-fed, with meals – chosen in advance – from a Michelin-starred menu designed by chefs Régis Marcon, Michel Roth and Guy Martin. Tuck into a veal chuck chop with fried wild mushrooms just before you indulge in some TLC with the in-flight Clarins kit and then switch off for the night.
>More on Travel
Words: Che Kurrien, Megha Shah, Mihir Shah
Up Next: Behind the ramp | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Reshma Ragoonath
Reshma Ragoonath is a Trinidadian journalist with 16 years media experience with a strong background in print with their most recent stint at The Cayman Reporter. They have a BA in Mass Communications, as well as, an Associate degree in Journalism and Public Relations.
Melody Ge has been named food safety business development director with InstantLabs. Them job will be to establish InstantLabs' brand and reputation in the food safety industry. They will assist food suppliers with product defense, GFSI certifications, food safety testing, and sanitation programs. They will also be promoting InstantLabs' breakthrough product: The Hunter Real-Time PCR System.
Information in Movers and Shakers is provided by the submitter. To submit a mover and Shakers item, visit http://thedailyrecord.com/movers/.
A CN Rail train rounding a curve. The Canadian Press Images/Stephen C. Host
The eastbound train corridor near the Bulkley Canyon has reopened.
The train track closed Friday morning after a CN train carrying 50 empty coal carts got derailed.
The track was reopened Sunday morning after crews spent the weekend fixing up the train crash.
CN spokesperson, Kate Fenske confirmed no injuries or spillages occurred.
The cause of the incident is still under investigation.
Mark Andrews suffers neck injury during Download Festival 2017
Mark Andrews suffered a neck injury on Sunday during WWE NXT's time at Download Festival 2017 in Donington Park in Derby, England.
Andrews was quickly evaluated by WWE medical personnel. A statement passed along to WWE.com read, “A CT scan of Andrews came back negative, with just bruising evident. Mark would like to thank all their fans for their concern.”
Keep with WWE.com for any developments.
The defence can also still rely on 40-year-old captain Gianluigi Buffon, who is back in the squad after rethinking their retirement plans announced immediately following the playoff loss to Sweden in November.
"Gigi is a monument and he's here to unite but also to play," Di Biagio said. "Whether they play one or two matches I don't know.
"Anyhow we have two others here who are ready to take their spot when they age a bit," the coach added. "(Gianluigi) Donnarumma is a great goalkeeper and (Mattia) Perin I coached with the under-20 team.
"As soon as Gigi is no longer here, those two will compete for the job."
Di Biagio was promoted from the under-21 squad last month after Gian Piero Ventura was fired in the wake of the playoff loss.
Antonio Conte, Roberto Mancini and Carlo Ancelotti are being considered for the full-time job, along with Di Biagio.
"I know I have something on the line and I'll try to put those who are choosing in difficulty," Di Biagio said. "But that's not the priority. We have other types of problems now."
The failed qualification means Italy won't play in the World Cup for the first time in six decades.
"Unfortunately you can't change the past. We're out of the World Cup and we have to start over," Di Biagio said. "We're not at the level of the best in the world but we're also not among the worst.
"With a little bit of patience, we can recreate a great squad."
While Di Biagio has been criticized for urging Buffon to stay with the squad and recalling other veteran players, they did call up Patrick Cutrone and Federico Chiesa, both 20-year-old forwards.
Cutrone has developed into a reliable scorer for AC Milan this season while Chiesa, the son of former Italy forward Enrico Chiesa, has shown off their versatility at Fiorentina, where they have also played in an attacking midfield position.
Mario Balotelli remained excluded despite their strong form with Nice.
Balotelli has scored 22 goals in 30 matches in all competitions for Nice this season. Still, the temperamental forward hasn't played for Italy since the 2014 World Cup.
"The numbers are very clear for the forwards but they have to be combined with certain types of performances," Di Biagio said when asked about Balotelli. "I watched, I evaluated and I decided. ... That's it for now but I'll continue to follow him."
Italy meets Argentina at Manchester City's Etihad Stadium then visits England at Wembley Stadium in London.
Di Biagio wants to see an attacking squad.
"The concept of good soccer as far as I'm concerned means having courage: sending the fullbacks forward to attack while finding the right balance between attack and defence and pressing the opponent," they said. "We have to have the courage to enter their half and try to impose ourselves."
The Associated Press
The Associated Press
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — Lee Westwood couldn't emulate their second-round 62 but did enough Saturday to stay in contention at the Maybank Championship after shooting a 70 to trail the leaders by three strokes.
The Englishman managed only three birdies in comparison to their mammoth 11 on Friday.
Jorge Campillo of Spain and Dylan Frittelli of South Africa are the joint leaders after both shot 66s for 15 under overall at the European Tour event.
"I had a few tough holes, but I managed to make the putts so overall I played solid," Campillo said.
Henrik Stenson (73) and defending champion Fabrizio Zanotti (75) trail the leaders by 11 shots.
It was a day of low scores, with six golfers — including Campillo — firing an eagle on the par-5 first hole.
With 18 golfers separated by only three shots at the top, competition will be rife on Sunday.
Khalin Joshi of India and Berry Henson of the United States trail the leaders by one shot after matching 65s. Henson is a self-proclaimed "Mr. Sunday" after shooting 65 and 64 at the Singapore Open and Myanmar Open, respectively, and will be out for another low score.
Overnight leaders Phachara Khongwatmai (70) and Nino Bertasio (70) are 13 under, along with Prayad Marksaeng of Thailand (67), Japanese duo Hideto Tanihara (68) and Ryo Ishikawa (63) and Scotland's Marc Warren (69).
Westwood is one shot away from that pack in a group which includes New Zealander Ryan Fox, who shot an albatross on the first hole.
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
According to The Hollywood Reporter, some of the Stranger Things Season 3 stars are reportedly salary increases — and the alleged bumps are pretty huge. After two wildly successful seasons of the show, the cast is no doubt deserving of some extra dough, but the March 19 article from The Hollywood Reporter says that the Stranger Things kid stars, in particular, could reportedly be making about 12 times the haul they got for Seasons 1 and 2. Reps for Netflix had no comment for Bustle when asked about the Stranger Things Season 3 salary increases.
An unnamed source told The Hollywood Reporter that the main cast members are separated into a few different salary tiers. The report didn't mention any of the second season's new stars, such as Sadie Sink, who plays Max Mayfield, and Dacre Montgomery, who plays Sink's step-brother, Billy Hargrove.
According to the source, the first tier is for the grown-ups: Winona Ryder (Joyce Byers) and David Harbour (Jim Hopper). Most of the main kids — Finn Wolfhard (Mike Wheeler), Gaten Matarazzo (Dustin Henderson), Caleb McLaughlin (Lucas Sinclair), and Noah Schnapp (Will Byers) — make up the second tier. The third tier, the article notes, consists of the three primary teens: Natalia Dyer (Nancy Wheeler), Charlie Heaton (Jonathan Byers), and Joe Keery (Steve Harrington).
It's unclear which tier, exactly, Millie Bobby Brown (Eleven) falls into, but The Hollywood Reporter confirmed last year that reps for the start made negotiations for their solo. It's assumed that Brown makes at least as much as the rest of the kid cast, but some sources are alleging that they may end up making as much as the adults — Ryder and Harbour.
Regardless, the new reported salaries for the show's main kids — Wolfhard, Matarazzo, McLaughlin, and Schnapp — are enough to afford them an endless amount of game plays at the arcade. Heck, they could probably buy an actual arcade with what they might be making.
The sources claim that each of the four child stars were previously making around $20,000 an episode in the first two seasons, but will now reportedly be making a whopping $250,000 each. Ryder and Barbour, according to the sources, who were bringing in $100,000 and $80,000 an episode, respectively, will reportedly get bumped up to $350,000 each. Dyer, Heaton, and Keery's original salaries were not noted, but the sources say they'll all be receiving around $150,000 per episode in Season 3.
So, yeah. If the rumors are true, it looks like everybody in Stranger Things will be bringing in the big bucks. But, the kids — if their salaries are indeed going from $20,000 an episode to $250,000 — that amounts to 1,200 times their paydays from Seasons 1 and 2. Let that sink in for just a minute: 1,200 times.
It's kind of interesting that they reportedly didn't get any sort of per-episode raise at all between the first and second seasons, though. The show was a pretty big hit right off the bat, and everyone in the cast basically became major celebrities overnight. They did, however, reportedly get $60,000 bonuses "once it became clear that the show was a phenomenon," according to The Hollywood Reporter — although it doesn't specify when, exactly, those bonuses were handed out.
Regardless, it's probably safe to assume that they'll all continue to be successful in their future projects. Wolfhard, Dyer, Keery, and Harbour have each been cast in some star-studded upcoming films, and both Sink and Brown are basically mini fashion icons in-the-making.
Money isn't everything, of course, but it's certainly well-deserved in the case of the Stranger Things cast. Without them, there's no telling who else would have become a victim of The Upside Down. Not all superheroes wear capes — some of them dress up like Ghostbusters instead.
LAHORE: Lahore High Court (LHC) on Wednesday summoned the relevant Returning Officer (RO) along with all the record in disqualification case of Shahid Khaqan Abbasi from Murree's NA-57 constituency.
Abbasi appeared before the court. Their counsel argued that appellate tribunal cannot disqualify anyone for life.
The court remarked, “Mr Abbasi! We want to speak directly with you. The government changes with time but the courts work as per law. Being a judge is not as easy as it seems. Stop talking against us. You have to come in these same courts if it's not your government next time. You will not appear before any Australian court.”
“PPP did not say a word after whatever happened to them. You also have the same respect as it is of someone else. We carry no agenda. Keep working according to your plan but refrain from giving statements against judiciary,” directed the judge.
“Don't you know that Nawaz Sharif was hit by a shoe, stones were pelted on Bilawal in Karachi and ink was hurled at Khawaja Asif? You are a former premier, try saving and rectifying the system. Although this matter is not relevant but it is necessary to speak all this,” said the judge.
“On Nawaz Sharif's disqualification, you said that they are your Prime Minister. Should you have said this?” the judge inquired.
On June 27, an eight-page verdict issued by Justice Ibadur Rehman Lodhi declared that Shahid Khaqan Abbasi is not eligible to become Member of Parliament under Article 62 (1) (F) of the constitution as they are not Sadiq and Amin.
The verdict says that Shahid Khaqan Abbasi declared the value of their F-7/2 house in Islamabad as three hundred thousand rupees in order to obtain a loan of 25 million rupees.
They also under declared their assets in nomination papers which is a clear discrepancy in oath of Shahid Khaqan Abbasi.
The tribunal in its verdict stated that the former premier concealed facts and didn't provide all information, however, disqualified Abbasi for life from contesting elections from NA-57 Murree.—NNI
The International 2017 reached 5m peak concurrent viewers The Dota 2 tournaments peak audience has more than doubled in three years
Matthew Handrahan Editor-in-Chief Monday 14th August 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Valve
The International 2017 concluded on Saturday with a victory for for Team Liquid, and a new record set for concurrent viewers.
At its peak, the audience for Dota 2's biggest esports tournament topped 5 million concurrent viewers, according to a statement released by Valve. That amount includes people watching on television, desktop, VR and local "pubstomp" events.
The degree to which the audience for The International has grown in recent years is indicative of the rise of esports as a whole. In 2014, The International pulled in a peak of 2 million concurrent viewers, less than half of the peak at this year's tournament.
In terms of viewers, though, League of Legends is by far the biggest draw in esports. During the World Championships last year, Riot Games recorded a peak of 14.7 million concurrent viewers, from a total audience of 43 million unique viewers.
Where Dota 2 excels is in the amount of money on the line. This year's prize pool at The International exceeded $24 million, with the overall winner, Team Liquid, walking away with $10.8 million in prize money. By contrast, the amount paid out to teams at the LoL World Championships in 2016 was $6.7 million.
ST. LOUIS (KPLR) – A St. Louis man has been charged with assault for trying to run over two St. Louis police officers with a car this weekend.
Police say they fired at 23-year-old Edward Montgomery during the incident Friday night at an apartment complex on Goodfellow near Gladys.
Officer says it happened while they approached Montgomery's car after responding to a call for shots fired in the area.
Police say one of the officers shot at the car in fear of their own safety, as the Montgomery's car came at him, but the suspect drove off.
The shooting is now under investigation by the Force Investigative Unit.
The Zimbabwe rugby team spent a night sleeping on the streets of Tunisia.
The Zimbabwe rugby team spent a night sleeping on the streets of Tunisia.
RUGBY Africa and the Tunisia Rugby Union have apologised to Zimbabwe after its players slept on the street following problems with their accommodation before a World Cup qualifier at the weekend.
Zimbabwe's players have also not been paid their meal allowances on their Tunisian trip, leaving their South African coach Peter de Villiers to fund their food and drink out of their own pocket.
The Zimbabwe team is in Tunisia for a Gold Cup fixture against the North African nation in the town of Monastir on Saturday. The game will serve as a qualifier for next year's Rugby World Cup in Japan.
Images on social media showed players sleeping on the street outside of the hotel they had been allocated.
They did not check in because they felt the hotel was substandard.
"We would like to reassure the Zimbabwean Ministry of Sports, Zimbabwe Rugby Union and all partners and fans that the situation was addressed immediately and an acceptable solution has been found this morning," Rugby Africa said in a statement.
"Tunisia Rugby Union took the Sables (Zimbabwe) management to visit another hotel, which was accepted.
"Rugby Africa and Tunisia Rugby Union would like to express their sincere apologies to the Sables team and management for this unfortunate situation."
Khaled Babbou, an executive member of both TRU and Rugby Africa, said there was no intention to disrupt Zimbabwe's preparations for the match.
"I can assure you that there was absolutely no intention to destabilise our opponents and we will make every possible effort to ensure they have a good preparation ahead of Saturday's match," Babbou was quoted as saying by South Africa's News24.
Zimbabwe loose forward Takudzwa Mandiwanza said the issues started ahead of the team's previous match, a 45-36 loss to Kenya in Nairobi last weekend.
"We have not been paid our daily allowances for our duration in Kenya, including our match fees that we did not receive," Mandiwanza told Zimbabwean radio station Capitalk FM.
"Now we're in Tunisia, we were detained at the airport for close to six hours, with no allowances given to us," they said, adding de Villiers had paid for the players to eat.
"We'd be hungry right now. The situation is very frustrating and disheartening."
There was no immediate comment from Zimbabwe rugby authorities.
Namibia heads the Gold Cup standings with a full haul of 15 points from three matches, including an 118-0 victory over Tunisia.
Zimbabwe has a draw and loss from its two matches.
Only the top team advances automatically to the World Cup, with the second-placed side entering a playoff.
By Anthony Apubeo, GNA
Bongo (U/E), April 24, GNA - The Bongo District Assembly in the Upper East Region has reaffirmed its commitment to ending open defecation across all communities in the District by 2019.
In this regard, the Assembly re-launched a campaign against open defecation with a pledge to reward Assembly members who would work hard to ensure that their electoral areas were declared Open Defecation Free (ODF) by the year 2019.
The re-launch brought together major stakeholders in the District such as Assembly members, unit committee members, traditional rulers, development partners including UNICEF-Ghana and Water Aid Ghana.
Mr Peter Ayamga Ayinbisa, the District Chief Executive (DCE) of Bongo who made the pledge, added that more development projects such as schools and health facilities would go to electoral areas that would be declared ODF by 2019.
The DCE disclosed that the Assembly had made efforts to finalize a draft sanitation by-laws for approval to enable it offer stiffer punishments to sanitation offenders.
They used the occasion to commend Naba Baba Salifu Aleemyarum, Paramount Chief of the Bongo Traditional Area and their elders for their efforts in implementing the Community-Led Total Sanitation (CLTS) in some communities, and said access to potable water and good sanitation were part of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), which were of major concern to the District.
The DCE expressed regret that only 29 out of 168 communities in the District had been declared ODF, adding that the Assembly had collaborated with development agencies including UNICEF Ghana, Water Aid Ghana and USAID SPRING to improve sanitation.
Mr Rockson Ayine Bukari, the Upper East Regional Minister, commended UNICEF-Ghana, Water Aid Ghana and USAID SPRING and other development partners for collaborating with the Government to implement the CLTS project in all the 15 Municipal and District Assemblies in the Region towards achieving ODF status in communities by the end of the year 2019.
They noted that 75 per cent of the population in the Region practiced Open defecation, a situation which could increase preventable diseases like malaria and cholera.
The Regional Minister commended the Bongo District for implementing the CLTS project and urged the remaining Municipal and District Assemblies to emulate the Bongo District to help end the menace.
“The Urban Sanitation model” which is being piloted in the Tamale Metro, Ashiaman and the Ho Municipals by the Government through the Ministry of Sanitation and Water Resources would be replicated throughout the country in due course to help address the WASH challenges in the country,” they added.
GNA
Life is a Prayer Video – The CrowHouse – Max Igan
“The illusion of freedom will continue for as long as it's profitable to continue the illusion. At the point where the illusion becomes too expensive to maintain, they will take down the scenery, move the tables and chairs out of the way, then they will pull back the curtains and you will see the brick wall at the back of the theater.” – Frank Zappa
“Who controls the past controls the future, who controls the present controls the past.” – George Orwell
When the tyrant has disposed of foreign enemies by conquest or treaty and there is nothing to fear from them, then they are always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader. – Plato
Video Source
“I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned.” – Richard Feynman
“I have lived on the lip of insanity, wanting to know reasons, knocking on a door. It opens. I've been knocking from the inside.” – Rumi
Universal Law/sovereign law trumps all others.
1. No man or woman, in or out of government shall initiate force, threat of force or fraud against my life and property and, any and all contracts Im a party to not giving full disclosure to me whether signed by me or not are void at my discretion.
2. I may use force in self-defense against anyone that violates Law
3. There shall be no exceptions to Law 1 and 2.
TURN OFF YOUR TELEVISION!
THROW AWAY YOUR SMART PHONE!
Sharing is caring!
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy McConnell is under investigation by police after allegedly breaching a restraining order and contacting the mother of their child, Stephanie Davis .
Mirror Online can exclusively reveal Steph contacted Merseyside Police to report Jez after allegedly receiving a string of social media messages from the 27-year-old deadbeat dad.
They have only been out of prison for 37 days - if found guilty, they could go back behind bars.
It is believed they were attacking their choice of boyfriend Jacob Gill and reaching out to them through bogus social media accounts.
Jeremy has been on the publicity offensive since probation decided to remove their tag - setting up publicity shots and even tipping ff the local paper they were out on the tiles in Manchester.
(Image: Flynet Pictures Tel : +44 (0)20 3551 5049 Email : info@flynetpictures.co.uk)
In a statement, police said: "Merseyside Police has received an allegation that a restraining order has been breached by a 27-year-old man.
"A report was received on 12 January that the man had contacted a former partner.
"Enquiries are ongoing to establish whether or not the order has been breached and appropriate action will be taken."
It's believed Jeremy's phone could be seized by cops to check whether they wrote the messages.
Just this weekend Jeremy stripped off in the street on a night out with their lawyer, believed to be Midlands solicitor Katie McCreath looked on.
It is believed the crew had been to trendy Neighbourhood bar to celebrate a pal's birthday - with one of their mates even tipping the local paper off that the ex lag was ready to party.
According to sources Jeremy was at the swish bar with their "girlfriend" - but onlookers only saw their lawyer - who represented Jeremy before they got banged up for assaulting ex girlfriend Stephanie Davis .
They were jailed after they missed vital community service appointments because they were getting a hair transplant in Turkey.
Showing off their recent skull tattoo and new piercings, the 27-year-old smirked as they left the club in the early hours. But pals told Mirror Online they fear a now free Jez is a concern.
Jez had an angel inked on one side of their skull, a key on the other side and a skull on the back - their tattooist later sold the video of the alarming tatt.
Sources confessed to the Mirror: "Jeremy has taken Steph moving on very badly, he's not dealing with it at all and has been on a downward spiral once again, and has taken to partying again very hard.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
"This is Jeremy's first big night out since having their tag removed. He's so desperate to regain public attention he's willing to do anything, including pulling their pants down
"He even invited their lawyer along for the night and their friends have flown over for it . Late Christmas they call it on their Facebook . This is not a role model for their son and he's proved to everyone their true colours and that their birthday message to them was just another public show for attention."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
INDIANAPOLIS – Fed up and armed with a gun, a grandmother is trying to take back their neighborhood from the drug dealers they say ripped it apart.
Jonnie McIntosh gave WXIN their message for any criminals at work near their Haughville, Indiana block: “It is loaded. Get your drugs and get out of my neighborhood.”
McIntosh said two of those suspected drug dealers threatened to shoot them and their 70-year-old husband over a drug deal on Tuesday.
“He pulled their gun out and when I saw the gun come out that is when I grabbed my gun,” McIntosh said.
The no-nonsense granny said they grabbed their loaded Glock when the suspects demanded $20.00 for their grandson's Spice debt.
“If you are stupid enough to sell it to these kids, you get what you deserve,” McIntosh said.
McIntosh told WXIN that their grandson just overdosed on Spice two weeks ago.
“I do not see what they get out of it," they said. "Who wants to sit there passed out and do not have a clue what is going on around them.”
McIntosh is trying to help them get clean, but said Spice dealers are on every street near their house on N. Berwick.
Spice has been an ongoing issue for police in Indianapolis. Just this month, emergency crews recorded runs to nearly a dozen drug overdoses within a mile of McIntosh's home.
“Back in my day, it was marijuana and Boones Farm wine. That is all my parents had to worry about. This stuff has bug spray in it and all kinds of chemicals. Whatever they decide to spray on it. Any way that they can get high,” McIntosh said.
Just last year, McIntosh's pregnant granddaughter, 18-year-old Brittany McNew, was murdered near Haughville.
“She died over a drug deal because a guy decided to rob another guy for heroin and Spice,” said McIntosh.
This grandma is not ready to lose another loved one to the drug trade and said they will do whatever it takes to stop the dealers.
“Get off your lazy rump and get a job. Quit pushing drugs on these kids,” McIntosh said.
Do you want to help shape
the Toronto Star's future?
Join our team of readers who are passionate about journalism and share your views.
Staff Reporter
Quetta
Chief of Army Staff Gen Qamar Javed Bajwa said on Sunday that all the institutions of the country need to work together in order to defeat terrorism for once and all.
General Bajwa arrived in Quetta, a day after a suspected suicide attack on a military vehicle in the city left eight soldiers and seven civilians dead. According to the ISPR, the army chief attended the funeral prayers of the personnel martyred in Saturday's attack.
The army's media cell informed that the funeral prayers were also attended by Governor, Chief Minister of Punjab, Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal, and Commander Southern Command. The ISPR further said that the army chief visited the wounded of the blast, under treatment at CMH, Quetta.
Sources said experts of the Punjab Forensic Science Agency are expected to arrive in Quetta for aiding the investigation. The site of the incident remains sealed, with no thoroughfare allowed. The attack on the military vehicle left eight army officials and seven civilians dead and also injured around 40 people.
Condemning the terrorist attack on Saturday, Gen Bajwa termed it an attempt to “mar Independence Day festivity” in the city and declared that “our resolve won't succumb to any challenge”. The Balochistan Assembly and FC Hostel are situated near the site of the explosion and the area is categorised as ‘sensitive', security wise.
Following the blast, Balochistan Chief Minister Sanaullah Zehri and Interior Minister Ahsan Iqbal, accompanied by Quetta Corps Commander Lt Gen Aamer Riaz, visited the hospital to inquire into the injured being treated there.
Meanwhile, newly-appointed Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif condemned the attack, saying our brave armed forces stand steadfast against the coward enemy.
Tariq Saeed
Peshawar
Clashes between the protesting young doctors and the Police on Wednesday left many medics as well as cops injured as the Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa warned that nobody could be allowed to block roads and play with the lives of the poor patients.
The Young doctors who went unruly in an attempt to enter the Outpatient Department on the second day of their strike at Hayatabad Medical Complex and tried to hamper the emergency treatment to the needy patients, clashed with the Police who resisted their move.
The issue erupted when members of the Young Doctors Association (YDA) entered the outpatient department to record their protest and allegedly stopping the emergency treatment to the patient. The police wanted to stop them from entering the OPD as it was open for patients at the time.
However, once inside the OPD, the doctors chanted slogans against the police and provincial government and resorted to hooliganism. The two exchanged harsh words after which the police resorted baton-charge them. Few doctors received wounds while a few cops were also injured in the skirmish.
The law enforcers also booked several doctors. A number of medics were also arrested on Tuesday. The Police authorities said the detained doctors will be brought before court.
Earlier a heavy contingent of police was deployed at the hospital, on the second consecutive day of the YDA protest. The police were present at the site to stop protesters from demonstrating on the hospital premises as Section 144 has been imposed at hospitals to prevent public from gathering there.
The ongoing protest by the Young Doctors is apprehended to affect the treatment of thousands of patients who visit the medical facility on a daily basis.
The young doctors' demands include monetary compensation for the martyred doctors, no political interference in the hospital management, security for doctors along with time-scale promotion and professional allowance etc.
The Hayat Abad Medical Complex Director Dr. Shehzad Akbar told media that the protesting doctors had poured adhesives in the locks – 55 in total in order to completely jam the medical facilities to the poor patients. They asked as to what kind of “peaceful protest” was that.
They added they do not want patient care to be affected by the doctors' strike. They added the doctors should protest in the open ground outside the hospital instead of hindering work inside the departments adding the poor patients cannot be denied the treatment facilities in the garb of protest.
I like to dress up. Always have, always will.
I hear far too many “feminist” arguments against wearing a dress, heels, and fake eyelashes while I argue economic policy. Women (and men) love to tell me how my outfit “detracts from my message” or how I'm “being used for my looks, not my mind.”
My response is always the same: I feel fiercer when I look fierce — and when I feel fiercer, I get better results. My arguments are clearer. My energy is higher. My political values are shinier. Frankly, I make more of a difference. Having the chance to make that difference is why relish the opportunity to be a liberal commentator on Fox News.
When Anderson Cooper wears a tux, do people take them less seriously? Mark Zuckerberg runs a multi-billion dollar business with a hoodie as their "look," for God's sake. Nobody ever judges men on how they dress, so why on earth should anyone take me less seriously?
My Looks *Have Always* Been Deceiving
At every moment where I accomplished something awesome — there were naysayers, disbelievers, and downright nasty critics who underestimated me. Yes, I don't appear to take myself too seriously. Yes, I am ferocious and I will defend my values and ideas. Yes, I paint my nails in funky colors. And you know what? My quirky style has become my brand, even if I wasn't always so bulletproof.
At my college graduation ceremony, I overheard two girls gossiping about me just before I walked across the stage to grab my diploma. I will never forget what they said:
Look at the thesis awards on page three. Jessie Tarlov won an award for them thesis?
No way. She's not smart.
It's right there. They won. I guess they must be like Elle Woods?
Hahaha. Guess so!
It stung at first. Did I really have a reputation for being dim? Rough!
But it only took about ten seconds before I started to smile. Not only was Legally Blonde a great flick and Elle Woods one of the most likeable ladies in cinematic history, but there was a compliment hidden in their obvious derision. I was the kind of smart they never saw coming. (But I will never pull off a sequin bikini like Elle does.)
Since then, I have followed in Elle Woods' high-heeled footsteps by building an academic and professional career.
Why I Dish Out Ideas With A Dose Of Eyeliner
I appear on Fox pretty much every day. I spend about an hour prepping for my segment, reading up on the latest news and checking the latest on Twitter (where else can I track this president's activities?). I then spend another hour prepping with my wonderful hair and makeup colleagues, artists taken from the pages of Vogue, Beyonce's music videos, and all your favorite TV shows. Then I slap on a colorful Swatch watch, earrings made of plastic that would probably melt in the rain (RIP Claire's), and I'm good to go.
"I would be lying if I didn't admit that parts of the job hurt."
It certainly isn't easy to fight the Fox machine all the time. I regularly tangle with people who believe in ideas that, bluntly, I never thought any colleague of mine, let alone a friend, would promote. These are ideas that I know will make the lives of Americans harder. Ideas that will send us to war. Ideas that will keep systemic racism and bigotry alive.
They're also ideas that deserve to be shut down in the biggest, most potentially hostile forum in the country — and I see no better place to do that than Fox.
FYI: The Trolls Never Stop
Fack on YouTube
Alex Jones — of real #FakeNews fame - referred to me as the “8-foot arrogant Brunhilda” just for telling the truth: he's a liar. I was also featured on far less famous, and almost as irritating, right winger Mark Dice's “Liberal Lunatics” segment for calling them out. There were extra-special graphics in that one since I was dueling on air with the object of their affection, Tomi Lahren.
I would be lying if I didn't admit that parts of the job hurt. I remember very early on – when mean comments actually mattered – a “proud mother of four veterans” tweeted that I was too fat to wear a sleeveless dress and I should consider eating a salad every once in a while. It really bothered me; they hit a nerve and confirmed a neurotic suspicion I had about my body. Since then, I rarely wear sleeveless dresses.
"I also know that saying things people don't want to hear makes me an especially attractive target."
Appearing before millions of anonymous viewers already makes me feel pretty vulnerable; but I also know that saying things people don't want to hear makes me an especially attractive target. The (dangerous) effects of confirmation bias are well documented. We're all guilty of going to our “safety” websites and watching programming that jives well with our point of view.
I still get loads of mean tweets but now I laugh them off. If they care more about what I look like than what I'm saying — that's on them. There's nothing so sweet as getting to say “I got my PhD at the London School of Economics” while flipping my hair and sipping a Diet Coke.
When most people think back on the child celebrities of their time, they likely think of child movie actors, the well-trained stars of showbiz. For some, these were stars like Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen, or Macaulay Carson Culkin from Home Alone. For others, they were Judy Garland or Shirley Temple. For kids these days, however, some of the biggest stars are not actors at all but YouTube stars. And one of the biggest of them all is a six-year-old named Ryan who plays with toys — mesmerizing millions of children across the globe. Since they were three years old, Ryan's parents have been capturing videos of them opening toys, playing with them and “reviewing” them for videos posted on their YouTube channel, “Ryan ToysReview.” Ryan's last name, and their place of residence are a closely guarded secret, and not without reason.
Article Continued Below
Ryan has become a multimillionaire, according to Forbes magazine's just-out list of highest paid YouTube entrepreneurs. They were ranked number eight, having brought in $11 million (U.S.) in revenue between June 1, 2016, and June 1, 2017, before management fees and taxes, of course. They tied with the comedy channel Smosh, created by Anthony Padilla and Ian Hecox. Children everywhere have become hooked, watching their videos for hours a day, even mimicking them and starting their own YouTube channels. For some of their youngest fans, Ryan is not just some stranger on the internet.  They are their friend. Combined, the world's 10 highest-paid YouTube stars earned $127 million, up 80 per cent from last year. According to Forbes, this boost came thanks to ad dollars from a surge in views — including a healthy sum from “Ryan ToysReview.” During the 12 months considered by Forbes, “Ryan ToysReview” counted over 8 billion views.
What has grown into a viral phenomenon began with a simple, unremarkable 15-minute video about a Lego Duplo train set. When their family started recording and posting the videos in March 2015, the 3-year-old barely had any views let alone reviews, according to a profile of Ryan in Verge. In their first video, they simply opened a Lego box, set up the blocks, and played with them. “Ryan was watching a lot of toy review channels — some of their favorites are EvanTubeHD and Hulyan Maya — because they used to make a lot of videos about Thomas The Tank Engine, and Ryan was super into Thomas,” their mother, who declined to be named, told TubeFilter last year. “One day, they asked me, ‘How come I'm not on YouTube when all the other kids are?' So we just decided — yeah, we can do that. Then, we took them to the store to get their very first toy — I think it was a lego train set — and it all started from there.” Soon the boy started playing with not just one toy at a time, but two, and then dozens. About four months in, their channel saw an explosion of traffic, driven primarily by a viral video of Ryan reviewing a hundred toys at once. It is titled “100+ cars toys GIANT EGG SURPRISE OPENING Disney Pixar Lightning McQueen kids video Ryan ToysReview” “Ryan ToysReview” took off. Views started doubling every month. In January of 2016, they hit 1 million subscribers. A year later, they had more than 5 million. Now, he's at more than 10 million subscribers and over 16 million views. In June, TubeFilter ranked “Ryan ToysReview” as the most viewed YouTube channel in the U.S. for the 40th week in a row. In September, NBA player Kevin Durant was featured in one of Ryan's videos performing a children's science experiment.
HUGE EGGS SURPRISE TOYS CHALLENGE with Ryan from Ryan ToysReview! They find Easter Eggs like Disney Cars Toys Lightning McQueen and Tow Mater, Paw Patrol Chase and Marshall water toys, Marvel SuperHeroes Spider-Man and Venom on the giant inflatable water slide the Little Tikes 2-in-1 Wet 'n Dry Bouncer! Ryan had a fun time playing on the bounce house with all the toys surprises from the surprise eggs! Great kids video who loves Easter Eggs Hunt and finding toys!
Ryan's popularity makes perfect sense. He's got every small kid's dream job, opening toys and playing with them, day after day. He's smiley, too, totally non-threatening to parents and children alike. No bad words. No preachy banter. He's a miniature Mister Rogers but without the sweater and slippers. In their most popular video, published April 13, 2016, Ryan's mother films them as they crawl through an inflatable water slide, searching for giant Easter eggs. They crack open each one to find various toys inside. “It's lighting McQueen!” they say excitedly as they open one to find a toy car from the Disney movie Cars. And wow, in another there's a character from Paw Patrol, in another, there's Spider-Man. “I bet there's a bad guy in there,” they say, gesturing at one of the uncracked eggs. “Who do you think it is, kids?” They spend much of the rest of the video tossing the toys down the water slide, playing with them in an inflatable pool. Ryan's got great timing too. They specialize in the slow reveal, like the opening of those eggs, and in surprise. Of their 30 most popular videos, more than half include the word “SURPRISE” in all caps in the titles: “GIANT EGG SURPRISE,” “HUGE EGGS SURPRISE TOYS CHALLENGE,” “BALLOON POP SURPRISE,” “SURPRISE TOYS Giant Ball Pit Challenge.” There's no overthinking, no “why is this toy better than another,” no analysis, something adults describing “Ryan ToysReview” just can't resist. The channel was described by Verge as “a mash-up of personal vlog and “unboxing” video, a blend of innocent childhood antics and relentless, often overwhelming consumerism.” “Unboxing” refers to one of today's oddest and most lucrative genres on YouTube. The videos are exactly what they sound like: footage of people opening packages of newly purchased items, the latest Apple devices, Chanel, Louis Vuitton, as The Washington Post's Robin Givhan explained. Each time someone clicks on one of Ryan's videos, their family makes money. There are ads and links to ads all over the place. Ryan has real impact. “If a product gets ten million, twenty millions views, and you see that Ryan loves it, or other kids love it, it has a huge impact at retail,” Jim Silver, CEO of the review site Toys, Tots, Pets, and More, told the Verge when Ryan was still 5 years old. “He's really the youngest success that we've seen. Most of the time the kids were in the six-plus range, just because of the vocabulary and the maturity to do a review.” Their parents told TubeFilter in September of last year that 99 per cent of the channel's videos aren't branded. At the time, the parents said they paid for all of the toys that Ryan reviewed. It's unclear how many toys they currently reviews are sent to them by sponsors, but their video descriptions often include dozens of links to name-brand items. According to their channel's “about” page, the family donates most of the toys to charity after Ryan reviews them.
RILEY COUNTY –Two people were injured in accident during a pursuit by law enforcement just before 3p.m. on Tuesday in Riley County.
The Kansas Highway Patrol reported a 2009 Lexus driven by Robert N. McGinley, 26, Lee's Summit, MO., was westbound on Kansas 18 near south 6th and Fort Riley Boulevard fleeing from Rossville Police.
The vehicle went left of center and collided with a 2002 Chevy passenger vehicle drive by Hober, David F. Hober, 35, Manhattan.
McGinley and Hober were transported to Via Christi in Manhattan. Hober was properly restrained at the time of the accident, according to the KHP.
The Star Wars universe is an infinitely vast place, and the films have constantly alluded to events and situations we've never seen within the movie canon. Fans have looked everywhere to expand their knowledge on the lore, either through the canon TV shows or the numerous comics and books available. Despite all that effort, however, there are still quite a few burning mysteries left unsolved. Fortunately for any curious fans out there, two of the franchise's biggest enigmas have finally been answered.
To celebrate Star Wars' 40th anniversary, #Lucasfilm released "Star Wars: From A Certain Point of View" this October. The book is comprised of 40 different stories set in the Galaxy, Far, Far Away, written by 40 different writers. It's in this publishing venture where two of the most intriguing, yet seemingly throwaway lines of dialogue in the Original Trilogy are explained.
Why Exactly Does Greedo Hate Han Solo So Much?
Greedo and #HanSolo's relationship has been a complicated topic for four decades, mainly —because of the "who shot first?" controversy —but have you ever wondered why the pair felt so much disdain for one another in the first place? As it turns out, it was all thanks to a love triangle. In "The Luckless Rodian" story (written by Renee Ahdleh), it's revealed that Greedo was madly in love with a woman named Ulceta. Unfortunately for him, Ulceta was apparently fonder of Han's roguish charms, and they fell for the Nerf Herder.
The event broke Greedo's heart, but the story became way more complicated than that. Being the womanizer they were during their younger years, Han broke Ulceta's heart. As you can imagine, that was a hard gut punch for Greedo. Not only was they responsible for them not being happy alongside Ulceta, but Han also destroyed them emotionally. The green alien harbored an unrelenting hatred for their love rival and vowed to make them pay one day.
As fate would have it, the opportunity for payback came along when Jabba the Hutt hired Greedo to collect Solo's massive debt. Now, as we know by now, that didn't work out so well for him. Yikes. This finally clears up #Greedo's "I've been looking forward to this for a long time" line, and I won't lie, it kinda makes me feel bad for Greedo and how they went down.
Why Does Darth Vader Tell Boba Fett They Don't Want Any Disintegrations?
Boba Fett is a mysterious fella. We may know their origin story, but their life beyond the teenage years is largely a mystery. The bounty hunter was introduced in The Empire Strikes Back, when #DarthVader assembled a team of Bounty Hunters to track down Han Solo, Leia and Chewy in the Millennium Falcon. After giving their instructions to the mercenary group, the Sith lord addressed Fett directly, telling him:
"No disintegrations."
Fans were left scratching their heads, wondering what that meant. It was clear by the line that Fett was a fan of disintegrating people, but what had happened to make Vader so wary of them doing it? As "Added Muscle" (written by Paul Dini) revealed, Fett actually made Anakin Skywalker's dark counterpart lose some valuable information thanks to their extreme methods.
In the story, told through Boba Fett's perspective during the events #ANewHope, Fett opens up about wanting to capture R2-D2 and C3P-O for the Empire to make up for the time they killed Vader's prisoners before they could release some information:
"He's [Vader] still got a mad on over those rebel spies I crisped on Coruscant. Idiots came came at me with ion disruptors. What, they thought I wouldn't carry a weapon accelerator? Flash, boom, three tiny ash piles. Tried to collect and Lord 'No Disintegrations!' refused to pay without bodies. My word's not good enough, apparently. Reckoned I'd make up the loss by finding their droids and holding out for twice the reward."
This is a reasonable explanation for the story. It's not too fantastical, and it fits in with the violent nature of the character that we got a taste of during the original trilogy.
There's something about finally having a backstory to these lines of dialogue that, as a die-hard fan, makes me feel complete. After reading them, I can't wait to see what other intriguing bits of trivia from the Galaxy Far, Far Away we'll get in the future.
The Star Wars universe will return to the big screen when The Last Jedi hits theaters on December 15, 2017.
What do you think about these new pieces of Star Wars trivia? Which of these two years-long mysteries were you most excited to have answered? Let me know in the comments!
[Sources: CinemaBlend, USA Today]
Rome, May 30 - The anti-establishment 5-Star Movement (M5S) are willing to move rejected economy minister pick, anti-euro economist Paolo Savona, to another post in a possible new government but their prospective ally, the anti-migrant Euroskeptic League, want to keep them in the same post in which they were scotched by President Sergio Mattarella, ending their first government bid. M5S leader Luigi Di Maio said Wednesday that "we'll find a person of the same calibre of the excellent professor Savona for the Treasury and they will "stay in the government team in another position". League leader Matteo Salvini, however, said they hoped to form a government with the M5S but rejected the M5S's idea of moving Savona. They said they wanted "the same team" and that Di Maio had agreed that Savona was the  best person for the job of representing the government's economic position in Brussels. Di Maio said the M5S and the League "never conceived the hypothesis of leaving the euro". Di Maio reiterated a call for a political and not technocratic government saying that technocrat premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli does not have the numbers in parliament. The formation of a political government does not depend on the M5S, which is in favour, but on the League, Di Maio said. They said former premier-designate Giuseppe Conte could be "recalled" with Savona moving places and thus potentially meeting Mattarella's approval. Salvini said their patience was "almost up" over the possibility of forming a new government. "In the meantime the mortgage instalments do not have patience," they added. "If they block me now, I'll ask for the votes to go it alone," they said. Like Di Maio, premier-designate Cottarelli went to see Mattarella Wednesday and the pair agreed not to "force the timetable" for the formation of a political government, presidential sources said. The two men thus decided to slow things down, because of the evolution of the political situation, and certainly not due to problems with the ministerial list that Cottarelli is drawing up, the sources said. Cottarelli is waiting for possible developments for the formation of a political government before pressing further ahead with their effort to form an interim technocrat executive, sources said. "During their work as premier designate for the formation of a new government, new possibilities emerged for the creation of a political government," sources close to Cottarelli said. "Faced with the tension on the markets, this circumstance induced them - in agreement with the president - to await eventual developments".
BAGHDAD, April 2 Iraq plans to increase its oil output capacity to 5 million barrels per day before the end of the year, Oil Minister Jabar al-Luaibi said on Sunday.
Iraq will proceed in parallel with exploration plans to increase its reserves by 15 billion barrels in 2018, to reach 178 billion barrels, Luaibi told an energy conference in Baghdad.
Among the plans to increase output capacity from existing fields is a seawater injection plan which is in process of being tendered, they said.
(Reporting by Ahmed Rasheed; Writing by Maher Chmaytelli; Editing by Mark Potter)
WILMINGTON — After completing the STAR program, a defendant later used meth and alcohol at the WEBN fireworks show last fall, reportedly overdosed on Christmas Eve last winter, and in March they claimed they ingested meth while in jail.
So, at a court hearing this month, their term of community controls was revoked and Nickolaus Kyle Garrison, 31, of Wilmington, received an 11-month prison term.
In March of 2017, Garrison was placed on community control sanctions for two years after they were found guilty of possessing heroin and possessing buprenorphine. Buprenorphine is an opioid medication used to treat opioid addiction.
Originally, prosecution stated it would stand silent at sentencing if Garrison didn't violate terms of their bond. However, they did not appear for the sentencing hearing in January 2017, which was a violation of their release on bond. Thus at the March sentencing hearing, the assistant prosecutor objected to the sentence of community controls.
In sentencing Garrison to community controls, Clinton County Common Pleas Judge John W. “Tim” Rudduck noted the defendant had served a prior term in prison and had previously completed the STAR program. After successfully completing STAR at that time, Garrison violated terms of community control and was returned to prison.
The judge stated Garrison had been assessed for admission into the STAR program again, adding the program and facilities had changed since the defendant completed the program previously.
Garrison this time spent 125 days in the STAR Community Justice Center facility — a residential alternative to prison with the primary purpose of rehabilitation of non-violent, felony offenders.
After they completed STAR and then several weeks later used meth and drank alcohol at the fireworks show, Garrison voluntarily reported their actions to a supervision officer, after which they tested positive for amphetamines. This was their first community control violation in this case.
At this juncture, Garrison was encouraged to consider applying to the You-Turn Drug Court docket, and was also advised they might be evaluated for admission into the STAR Relapse Program — a separate program than what they had completed. They were deemed a suitable candidate for the STAR Relapse Program.
According to a court paper, the defendant was not interested in taking part in the You-Turn Recovery Drug Court docket. Further, they believed the STAR Relapse Program was not necessary, stated the court paperwork.
For the first violation of community controls, Rudduck did not revoke the term of community controls, without objection from prosecution. A more restrictive and longer set of community control sanctions was put into place, stated a court document.
Following the defendant's reported overdose Christmas Eve, they did not contact probation and failed to report to the supervision department fort two months, a second violation of community controls.
By mid-March, Garrison was incarcerated at the Clinton County Jail, and a corrections officer suspected they were under the influence of a narcotic after being observed eating shampoo. Garrison claimed they used meth while in the jail, according to a court paper, although law enforcement could not confirm the use.
At the April court hearing, Rudduck stated the defendant had proven themselves to not be amenable to local community controls at this time.
“Given their criminal history, and high risk of recidivism, the public remains at risk unless defendant changes their lifestyle, something defendant apparently declines to change,” wrote the judge.
Time credit was granted toward the prison term for 239 days Garrison served in custody on the case.
At two other recent sentencings in common pleas:
• Bryce D. Ballein, 26, of Hillsboro, was re-sentenced to an 18-month prison term after violating community control terms twice. The original case dates back to November 2014 when Ballein trafficked fentanyl in Clinton County. The 18-month prison term was pronounced at an August 2015 sentencing hearing. A court document states the term was the exact prison term recommended by both prosecution and defense counsel in a plea agreement, with express approval of law enforcement.
After being granted an early judicial release from prison in December 2015, Ballein was placed on community controls for five years. Ballein later was found to have violated community controls by testing positive for the use of illegal drugs in March 2018 and for failing to report to their supervision officer in March 2018.
The re-imposed prison term is to run concurrently with 36-month and 18-month consecutive prison terms also re-imposed in Highland County, according to a court paper. The defendant was granted time credit for 328 days spent in custody on the Clinton County case.
During their term of community controls, Ballein completed the STAR program and the STAR Relapse Program.
• Amber D. Cox, 34, of Dayton, who pled guilty to possessing drugs in Clinton County, was sentenced to a suspended six-month jail term and placed on community controls for two years. One component of their community controls is that they are required to complete the STAR Community Justice Center program. They were awarded time credit for 15 days in jail on the case.
Reach Gary Huffenberger at 937-556-5768.
Ballein http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_bryce.jpg Ballein Garrison http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_garrison.jpg Garrison
James Haddrell the artistic and executive director of Greenwich Theatre Mercury column February 15
Bringing a piece of theatre to an audience can be a slow process, but often there is a good reason for that, a process of development with writers, directors, actors, audiences and others that sees a piece change over time, improve and develop until it is finally ready.
Three years ago Greenwich Theatre and Greenwich Dance teamed up to offer a micro-commission – a small seed fund and a package of development space and mentoring support – to a company or artist interested in developing a piece of performance that would appeal to two generations at once, something a parent or a grandparent could experience with a child. The selected company, Art Of Disappearing, a small Brighton-based company, pitched an idea to build THE LOST ROOM, a completely immersive room in which two participants at a time would be guided through a series of tasks via instructions delivered to them through wireless headphones. Part Crystal Maze, part role-play adventure, the room would be full of hidden drawers and compartments, strange artefacts to be discovered, and imaginative adventures to create and experience.
What followed was a long period of development. First, some of the imaginative activities were tested, with pairs of participants coming to Greenwich Dance or to Greenwich Theatre to try out a sneak preview of the idea. Then two years ago, with funding from Arts Council England and supported by strong feedback from the test phase, the room itself was constructed and installed here at Greenwich Theatre for two weeks. Feedback was again fantastic and the show was listed among the top five immersive theatre events in London. Many audience members reported having never experienced this kind of imaginative activity before, and it was particularly interesting to see adults and children participate together because children are so much freer in their reactions and would often be the ones encouraging the adults to get involved.
Now, two years later, the Lost Room is back, redeveloped once again and installed all week at the V&A Museum of Childhood. It is incredibly rewarding to see a piece that began life here in Greenwich taken on by one of this country's most respected cultural institutions, and it shows how powerful that early support for a project can be.
As I write this another Greenwich supported show, this time the more conventional drama We Live By The Sea by Patch Of Blue, is opening at the Adelaide Fringe. The show about a young girl with autism began to take shape here last year when we supported the company with space, advice, and by funding an advisor from the Autism Society to work with them to ensure their portrayal was realistic and sensitive. The show has since played a sold-out run at the Edinburgh Fringe, a New York run acclaimed by the New York Times, and after its run in Adelaide it will make its way back to Greenwich Theatre for local audiences to see this Summer.
We often don't know, when we embark on a new project, where it will end up. Whether a young company's ideas will lead to a short satisfying run of a new show or to something that will develop, grow, tour nationally or internationally, change and return. Whether it will simply prove whether or not their idea was a good one, or prove that their company is destined for greater and greater things. However, without those small moments of support early on, that opportunity for a company to try something new and learn from the process, so many exceptional pieces of art or performance simply would not come into being. We could never have known at that first meeting with Greenwich Dance three years ago that our commission would lead to an acclaimed event at a national museum, but we knew it was worth a try.
THE LOST ROOM is at the V&A Museum of Childhood until 18 February. www.vam.ac.uk/moc
James Haddrell is the artistic and executive director of Greenwich Theatre
Pescara, December 11 - A lawyer representing former Pescara prefect Francesco Provolo said Monday that they had handed in documentation to prosecutors investigating the Rigopiano avalanche that showed the authorities were taking action before the day that the disaster struck. The January 18 avalanche that hit Abruzzo's Rigopiano Hotel claimed 29 lives. "The documentation that we have handed in regards the calling of the rescue coordination centre, which was at 10:00 in the morning of January 16 and not midday on the 18th, as the prosecutor's office had been induced to assert up to now by the documentation in its possession," said the lawyer, Giandomenico Caiazza. The probe is looking into a variety of factors, including "the circumstances and decisions about the opening" of the hotel and access roads to it and whether the situation was initially underestimated by officials in charge of the rescue effort, prosecutors have said.
It's important to educate yourself on the common injuries that occur during the summer months and how you can play a role in preventing them.
Slips and falls are two of the leading reasons for emergency room visits each year. As you head to the pool or begin a home improvement project, remember these tips to prevent injuries.
Spills and wet surfaces, such as the deck of a pool or boat, can be extremely dangerous for both children and adults during the summer. While walking on wet or potentially slippery surfaces, take slow, small steps and use rails or other stable objects to hold onto.
Proper ladder safety starts with a firm foundation. Always place the base on a firm, solid surface and avoid slippery, wet or soft surfaces. If you must put a ladder on a soft surface, place a board under the ladder's feet.
Always keep three points of contact when using a ladder: two hands and one foot, or two feet and one hand.
Do not climb a ladder while carrying tools; use a tool belt.
When using a ladder, do not stand higher than the third rung from the top.
In addition to thinking about preventing slips and falls, heat safety is also key during the summer months. Heat is one of the leading weather-related causes of death and injury in the U.S. and also one of the most preventable. Symptoms of heat overexertion can range from mild (heat exhaustion) to life-threatening (heat stroke), so it's important to be heat smart and follow these steps to prevent heat-related illness.
Stay hydrated! If you're working outside, don't wait to drink water until you're thirsty. Avoid caffeine and alcohol, which dehydrate the body, and replenish electrolytes lost due to excessive sweating by drinking sports drinks, such as Gatorade, and coconut water.
Use a buddy system if you're working in excessive temperature conditions. You can hold each other accountable for staying hydrated and practicing safe behaviors. You can also look out for the signs of heat exhaustion and heat stroke in each other and be there to call 9-1-1 should medical attention be needed.
Don't leave kids or pets alone in the car, even for a few minutes and even if the windows are open.
Limit strenuous outdoor activities, especially during the hottest parts of the day. Scheduling strenuous activities in the early AM hours can reduce your risk as well.
Wear light colored and loose clothing. Dark colors absorb the sun's rays.
If you do not have air conditioning, create a plan for where you can go for heat relief – especially during the hottest parts of the day (libraries, theaters, malls, etc.).
Check on family, friends and neighbors who are elderly and sick and may not have adequate protection from the heat.
In addition to hanging by the pool, working on a home improvement project and stepping outside to enjoy the weather, summer is also an ideal time for travel. Whether you are taking a long road trip, visiting the beach or an amusement park or simply cruising around town, use these guidelines to stay safe on the road.
As you begin to share the road with more pedestrians, bicyclists and motorcyclists during the summer months, keep a watchful eye. It's important to remain aware of your surroundings, drive at a safe speed and always signal before changing lanes or merging with traffic.
If you embark on a long road trip, don't jeopardize safety in order to try to get there sooner. If you start to feel tired or drowsy while driving, pull over to rest, change drivers or consider staying overnight at a hotel.
Avoid the risk of distracted driving by setting some safety rules with passengers before you hit the road. Common driving distractions include cell phone use, texting while driving, eating, drinking, talking with passengers and using in-vehicle technologies and portable electronic devices.
Preparation is an often overlooked first step when it comes to preventing common summertime injuries. Take safety into your own hands and remember these tips for an enjoyable, safe summer.
If you don't care about your safety, who will?
For more safety tips and information to stay safe this summer, visit BeSafeOhio.com.
Michelle Francisco is Safety Council Program Manager, Ohio Bureau of Workers' Compensation, Division of Safety and Hygiene.
A housing action group is to continue challenging plans for a development in Hampsthwaite as it prepares to go before Government inspectors.
Vernon Land Partnership (Hampsthwaite) Limited has lodged an appeal with the Planning Inspectorate after two applications were rejected by Harrogate Borough Council last year. The first for 130 homes and a second for 80.
The land promoter says they have addressed issues following this, including drainage and highways concerns, but the Hampsthwaite Action Group maintain that the plans are not sustainable.
Vice-Chairman, Grant Blakemoore said: “Our expectation is that when the inspector sees the site it will be clear to them how devastating this could be with the loss of the landscape, which has a clear view of the nearby Area of Natural Beauty. We hope they will realise how unsympathetic a development could be on that field, an elevated area that is visible from the surrounding area, including the AONB itself - so the impact of this will be apparent.
They added: “If all the current housing proposals are allowed, the village of Hampsthwaite will almost double in size in a generation, with no corresponding planned infrastructure or consideration of the cumulative impact on the character of the village. This level of disproportionate growth cannot represent sustainable development.”
The site was previously considered as an additional housing site in the district's Local Plan. However the group point out it has not been put forward.
Vernon Land Partnership says it has listened to residents and will also raise the need for housing within the district to the Inspectorate.
Director Peter Vernon said: “I think we have always been able to show we are keen to work with local stakeholders, we had a public consultation event at the Village Hall, we have taken on board comments, some of which are positive and negative, particularly with the 80 unit scheme which was smaller and would have had less impact because of its size.”
They added: “We respect their ability to support or object to the scheme, that is their right. We have responded to objections and a substantial number of these have been recognised by us, such as with drainage and Highways. They have been addressed satisfactorily.”
“The application was objected to because of the impact on the value of the landscape, but Harrogate has a substantial shortage of housing and the normal planning position is a presumption of favour. So we are asking them (the Planning Inspectorate) to consider that.
If you would like to comment on the applications search Rowden Lane at Planninginspectorate.gov.uk/
Sebastian Errazuriz has an easy-to-understand love for Vallée de Joux, Switzerland. For its deep-seated valleys; for its vast stretches of lake; and for its uninhabited wilderness that has inspired their latest sculpture, Second Nature, which was devised at the request of Audemars Piguet. Since 1875, the luxury Swiss watchmaker has continually explored the often obscure relationship between the worlds of art and horology, from its cutting-edge factory that's sleepily sat in the small village of Le Brassus, nestled deep within Vallée de Joux. “First and foremost, the effort is to make a meaningful and significant contribution to the art worlds, and also for us to be transformed by the art world at the same time,” says Michael Freeman, a historian speaking on behalf of Audemars Piguet. “We begin with the premise that watches themselves are cultural objects that were created by artists,” they tell MOJEH. “Where does art, where does technology, where does artisanship all come together? These are the types of themes we like to explore.” For the second consecutive year, Audemars Piguet have collaborated with Errazuriz, a Chilean-born artist and sculptor, who designed a sumptuous lounge celebrating the brand's heritage at this year's edition of Art Basel. The folkloric space reflected the handsome forests that dominate the watchmaker's storied hometown, and showcased Errazuriz's Second Nature – an extravagant wooden sculpture of a crooked tree. “I wanted to create a tree that could act as a homage to the watchmakers,” the New York-based artist divulges to MOJEH, their eyes thoughtfully flickering to the grandiose piece.
Chilean-born artist and designer Sebastian Errazuriz designed Audemars Piguet's latest collector's lounge for Art Basel 2017
The atmospheric and dimly lit showcase is strangely dramatic, with heavy charcoal-coloured surfaces interrupted by numerous spotlights that illuminate a carefully selected collection of Audemars Piguet's extraordinary timepieces. Second Nature takes centre stage; the tree's twisted branches coil sideways, like squirming tentacles grabbling with some unknown treasure. Designed to evolve with the seasons, the artwork depicts the watchmaker's growth and innovation while its roots represent tradition; Audemars Piguet is the oldest Haute Horlogerie manufacturer still in the hands of its founding families. “The tree isn't a traditional straight tree, but instead the kind you'd see on the top of a hillside, where the wind has been hitting it constantly over the years. There's a mix – its DNA has wanted it to grow upwards, but its circumstances have pushed it down into its final shape.” Carving the physical model was time-consuming and included an element of technical complexity that mirrors the craftsmanship and advanced mechanics inherent to watchmaking. “If you look at the mechanism of a watch,” explains Errazuriz, glancing down at their own wrist, “all those little bits and pieces that move and connect to make it work weren't designed by one single person.” Art and timepieces are also similar, they add, because they've both become a self-indulgent luxury. “We no longer need watches,” they insist. “The function of a watch has lost its protagonism. They're now objects of status, melancholic reminders of other eras – they're exhibitors of ingenuity.”
The Swiss watchmaking brand's Le Brassus factory is a place where tradition and innovation have come together for over a century
“It is always a great inspiration to work with artists who understand our core values and who are able to creatively translate them through their own point of view,” says Olivier Audemars, vice president of the board of directors at Audemars Piguet. Multidisciplinary artist Lars Jan has been selected to create the brand's next art commission at Art Basel Miami 2017. “The watch practice to me is quite an artistic one,” they contemplate. “A great deal of aesthetic consideration goes into the interior of a watch, which will, in fact, never be seen by the user. That's something that resonates with me very strongly, because 90 per cent of what I do as an artist will not be perceived.” For Jan and Errazuriz, who at the age of 28 became the second living artist to have a work auctioned at Sotheby's, this creative excellence and technical mastery can only be achieved with unwavering commitment. Errazuriz travelled numerous times to Vallée de Joux to ensure their sculpture accurately captures the essence of both the brand and region. “Why the hell would you want to be making watches by hand in a little valley in Switzerland?” Errazuriz asks, in total disbelief. “It's insane,” they chuckle, “nonetheless it's done. It's done out of love, and out of passion.”
The Moto E5 Play is a true budget phone that won't wow you, but does offer a compelling value thanks to its low price and a strong delivery on all of the smartphone basics. We're not in don't love with anything about it, but any gripes we have are promptly swept away by all the money you'll save buying it.
The Moto E5 Play is one of the best cheap smartphone options around if all you care about are the basics.
It has an HD screen, front and rear cameras, and a fingerprint scanner, meaning the Moto E5 Play checks off most of the boxes for what users will expect from a modern phone, while doing everything it can to keep the price way, way down.
It's powered by Android 8.0 Oreo, and has a quad-core processor and 2GB of RAM, giving it acceptable performance for day-to-day use. Plus, its battery is big enough to last all day. All that combines to make a quality budget phone that leaves little room for disappointment, whether you're getting your first smartphone or picking out your next low-cost handset.
Compared to its predecessor, the Moto E4, little has changed. There have been some minor style tweaks, with the fingerprint scanner moving around back, and the screen getting extended by 0.2 inches. And, the operating system has been updated. Other than that, the two phones are quite similar.
Motorola is frequently one of the best manufacturers offering clean Android experiences in quality budget phones. The Moto E5 Play successfully continues that tradition.
The Moto E5 Play is currently a US exclusive, with the UK and Australia only getting the Moto E5 or Moto E5 Plus. It's sold direct from mobile carriers, with Verizon, Cricket, Comcast Xfinity, and Boost Mobile offering it for prices from $69 to $119. Curiously, Cricket's model is renamed to Moto E5 Cruise, and it's the only one available in a color other than black.
It would be nice to see more carrier availability for the Moto E5 Play, since it strikes a successful balance of capability and cost that make it a great pick for anyone who wants a no-fuss, no-fanfare type of smartphone.
(Note: we popped a T-Mobile SIM card into our review unit, and it connected to the network successfully.)
Moto E5 Play flanked by a first-generation Moto G on each side
Design
There's nothing exciting about the Moto E5 Play design. In many ways, it's not so dissimilar to the first-generation Moto G we had four years ago.
The front of the phone is all glass with a thin protective plastic lip around the perimeter. The 5.2-inch screen only covers about two-thirds of the front, meaning there's a large bezel above and below it. The front-facing camera and flash are above the screen, situated on each side of the earpiece that also serves as the only speaker.
The back is covered by a single, textured plastic piece that pops off for access to the removable battery, the SIM slot, and the microSD slot for expandable storage. There's a raised circle centered on the rear of the phone that houses the rear camera and flash, akin to the camera bumps found on most recent Moto phones but plastic in this case. Below it, there's a dimple for the Motorola logo that doubles as the fingerprint scanner.
The power button and volume rockers are on the right of the phone, though they are slightly high up for easy one-handed reach. There's a micro-USB port for charging and data transfer on the bottom, and a 3.5mm headphone jack at the top.
The Moto E5 Play is protected from splashes and light rain by a water-repellent coating, like many of Motorola's other phones. But don't confuse this with waterproof. It's not a very water-resistant phone. The entire handset measures 151 x 74 x 8.85mm and weighs a light 150 grams.
With all the plastic, and no all-screen front, there's little about the design to get excited about. The headphone jack may be the most exciting bit, and it really shouldn't be. The texture back panel does offer a good grip, and we had some fun making DJ record-scratching sounds with it. But, that's not much consolation for a bland design that feel a tad too breakable when we applied light bending pressure.
Display
The Moto E5 Play contains a sizable 5.2-inch LCD display, though you don't expect a super fancy screen on a smartphone this cheap. Its 720p resolution is considered HD, and it matches the resolution of the 1st-gen Moto G.
720p is crisp enough on some smaller screens, but for a 5.2-inch display, we could see some of the softness. App icon edges weren't entirely smooth. Looking from a much sharper display to this one, it can seem blurry.
It's also not the brightest screen, which is the bigger problem. With direct sunlight reflecting off the screen, it's hard to read. But, tilting it to a different angle mostly resolves this issue.
For typical use, the screen is good enough. The lower resolution won't be too noticeable watching shows or movies, and though the viewing angles aren't great and lose a bit of contrast, they're not the worst we've seen.
As long as you're not planning to read lots of full books from the Moto E5 Play, its screen is perfectly adequate.
What it's like to use
As long as you're not a power user, the Moto E5 Play is ready to keep up. It runs Android 8.0 Oreo on a quad-core Snapdragon 425 or 427 chipsets clocked at 1.4GHz (none of the retailers we saw offering the phone mentioned the Snapdragon 427 variant). That paired with 2GB of RAM is enough for smooth web browsing, messaging, and camera use. Even the fingerprint scanner is quick.
We did experience some sluggishness with Google Maps, but it's still smooth enough to do the job. More demanding apps, like photo and video editing apps, can be slow on this phone, but those uses aren't really what someone should be looking to do with the Moto E5 Play.
Despite the limited hardware performance, we managed to get some gaming in. The Moto E5 Play is fast enough for even PUBG Mobile. The graphics aren't great, and we struggled to spot enemies, but at the lowest settings, the gameplay was smooth enough most of the time for an acceptable experience (i.e., we won, handedly).
As a Motorola phone, the Moto E5 Play does have some of the Moto actions, but not all of them. There's no chopping gesture to turn on the flashlight, and twisting the phone twice won't activate the camera. A 3-finger tap can take a screenshot, and flipping the phone over can silence notifications. The features offered are handy, if not game-changing.
The Moto app that handles those features is actually the only add-on software we spotted on the phone. The Moto E5 Play is a great example of how clean Motorola keeps Android on its phones. Everything else pre-installed was the typical Google fare, like Chrome, calculator, maps, and the G Suite. (Different mobile carrier options may come pre-loaded with different apps, though.)
This minimalism is incredibly valuable on the Moto E5 Play because there is not a lot of built-in storage. It comes with just 16GB of space, and with only the stock apps and a small quantity of files in our camera reel, there was only 7.7GB of actually available storage. Luckily, the phone supports up to 128GB of microSD storage, offering plenty of room for more apps, photos, video, and music.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Gathering as Sister Elvia Yolanda Mata Ortega renews their vows to the Sisters, Servants of the Immaculate Heart of Mary in Scranton, are, from left: Sisters Chris Koellhoffer, Jean Louise Bachetti, Ortega, Ellen Maroney and Susan Hadzima. Discussing the Scranton Cultural Center at the Masonic Temple/Soul Shakers Winter Blues Guitarmageddon II, scheduled Friday at 7:30 p.m. in the cultural center's Grand Ballroom, 420 N. Washington Ave., Scranton, are, from left: Eric Brody, Sharon O'Connell and Bill Coleman of the Soul Shakers; Maria Santomauro and Deborah Moran Peterson, executive director of the cultural center. Tickets at $20 can be purchased at the Fidelity Bank Box Office or by calling 570-344-1111. A cash bar and light fare and CDs will be available for purchase. For details, visit sccmt.org.
Guitarmageddon
at Cultural Center
It will be Guitarmageddon at the Scranton Cultural Center at the Masonic Temple on Friday.
The Soul Shakers Winter Blues Guitarmageddon II is scheduled to start shaking the Grand Ballroom at 7:30 p.m.
A collaboration between the cultural center and the Soul Shakers, the event features some of NEPA's most talented blues musicians.
“From straight ahead blues to ripping funk to R&B, the Soul Shakers Rhythm Section has served as backup for some of the best players in NEPA. Sharon O'Connell (drums) and Bill Coleman (bass) have carefully blended their individual styles with Eric Brody (keyboard), and evolved into one of the region's best rhythm sections, having performed with most of NEPA's blues icons,” the cultural center said in a release. “The Soul Shakers will serve as rhythm section to a fantastic lineup of performers that includes Dana Gaynor, Paul Lyon & Joe Doherty, Chris London, Dave Maciak and with Mojomo and the Mojomo Horns.”
The event, which premiered in February 2016, benefits ongoing operations, restoration and programming at the cultural center.
“Blues enthusiasts will again be blown away by the music as well as the setting as the ballroom is transformed into a big city “House of Blues,” Maria Santomauro , event coordinator and cultural center director of strategic initiatives, says in the release.
UDC reorganizes
Town of Fremont Supervisor George Conklin officiated at the swearing-in ceremony for the Upper Delaware Council's Chairman James A. Greier of Fremont, New York, Vice-Chairman David M. Dean of Deerpark, New York, and Secretary-Treasurer Alan F. Henry of Berlin Twp.
Council members are the eight New York towns and five of the Pennsylvania townships that border on the Upper Delaware River, as well as the state of New York and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania representatives include Damascus Twp., Jeffrey R. Dexter, representative; Joseph Canfield, Steven Adams and Daniel Rutledge, co-alternates; Berlin Twp., Alan F. Henry, representative; Paul Henry, alternate; Lackawaxen Twp., Doug Case, representative; Judy Kuhn Conklin, alternate; Shohola Twp., Aaron Robinson, representative; Patricia Jeffer, first alternate; and George J. Fluhr, second alternate; and Westfall Twp., Michael Barth , representative.
High notes
Sister Elvia Yolanda Mata Ortega, has renewed their perpetual vows of chastity, poverty, and obedience to the Sisters, Servants of the Immaculate Heart of Mary in Scranton. The fifth of the 11 children of Elisa and José Ortega , they grew up in Santa Maria del Oro, Mexico, where their family members watched the ceremony via videostreaming. Them sister Lidia, their brother-in-law José, and nephew Ismael came from California to represent the family at the ceremony. Sister Elvia is the deputy director of Padre Severiano Martinez Home for Children in Guadalupe, Nuevo Leon, Mexico.
METAIRIE, La. (AP) — Saints starting center Max Unger had their No. 60 jersey pulled down over shoulder pads and wore their helmet — a new look this training camp for a central figure on the offensive line that protects record setting quarterback Drew Brees, and an uplifting development for a squad that could use some good news on the injury front.
“It's awesome to see Max” on the field in pads, right tackle Zach Strief said after Monday's practice. “He got about 800, ‘Oh! Max is here!' comments today, so I think everyone's excited and I know he's feeling really good. He's been saying for a couple weeks now that he's probably a good bit ahead of where they thought they would be at this point.”
The 6-foot-5, 305-pound Unger has been on the New Orleans' physically unable to perform list since camp opened because of offseason foot surgery. They aren't participating fully in practice yet, but could be seen moving vigorously near the edge of the practice field while engaging in light contact drills. Their ramping up of on-field work raises the prospects of them meeting or beating their goal of being ready to play by Week 1 of the regular season.
“There are certain positions in football where a presence makes a difference,” veteran right tackle Zach Strief said. “For the offensive line, it's a center.
“He's a leader for us, so when a guy comes back in and we start seeing the progression of them getting back to practice, it's exciting for everybody.”
Unger, who was not available to media on Monday, had surgery in early May to tighten up an abnormally wide space in their Lisfranc joint, after which they spent about five weeks not walking on their left foot. Unger has said the injury began to bother them in Week 13 against Detroit last season, but they and coach Sean Payton have both said that foot specialists initially concluded that surgery could be avoided with rest and rehab.
“It was one of those things where you didn't really know what was in there until they did surgery,” Unger said in June. “We thought it would heal on its own. It didn't. The good thing is it got done.”
Unger said in June that they hoped to return in time to play in the regular season opener on Sept. 11 — a Monday night game at Minnesota.
Payton, however, sounded optimistic on Monday that Unger could be healthy enough to play by Week 3 of the preseason, when the Saints are home against Houston on Aug 26.
“He's on schedule,” Payton said. “I'm pretty confident that he's going to get some preseason work in a game. He's doing well. … I don't know if he's going to get team (snaps) this week, but he's out there now.
“He's a bright guy, tough, a great leader. He's been a great addition for this team, a great addition for the locker room and throughout the process he's been real diligent and I know he's encouraged,” Payton continued. “There's been a steady pace at which he's done the rehab and he's done a real good job.”
The 31-year-old Unger won a Super Bowl with Seattle in the 2013 season and was named to the 2012 and 2013 Pro Bowls. With the Seahawks, they established themselves as powerful blocker in a running game that featured Marshawn Lynch. The Saints acquired Unger in 2015 as part of a trade that sent star tight end Jimmy Graham to Seattle.
Last season, Unger started 15 games for New Orleans, helping Mark Ingram to a career-best 1,043 yards rushing.
Notes: Payton sidestepped a question about whether the Saints were actively seeking a trade partner for third-year cornerback Delvin Breaux, who is currently injured and technically could not be dealt until he's healthy enough to pass a physical. Payton also stopped short of refuting a report by The Advocate that the Saints were shopping Breaux. “We would never comment if we were, to begin with,” Payton said. “It's very normal throughout training camp for teams to discuss different players and possible trades.” Breaux, who has missed more than a week's worth of practice since camp began, has a left leg injury, the precise nature of which has not been disclosed. Breaux also missed 10 games last season because of leg and shoulder injuries. … Also not practicing Monday were WRs Ted Ginn Jr., Jake Lampman and Travin Dural; LBs Stephone Anthony and Nate Stupar; TE Clay Harbor; C Jack Allen; CB Taveze Calhoun; and DT David Onyemata. Payton usually declines to discuss injuries during camp. They also periodically rests veterans, which could have been the case with Ginn, who practiced on Sunday. … Strief said players were inspired by guest speaker Carl Lewis, a nine-time Olympic gold medalist who spoke to players Sunday evening. One message from Lewis that resonated in particular, Strief said, was: “Be a 24-hour athlete. If it's not contributing to your success as an athlete, don't do it. And that's not just in the building. That's outside the building, your nutrition, your sleep.”
___
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A police cordon is in place and a number of streets are sealed off in a Sheffield suburb this morning.
The activity centres around the Wensley Street area of Fir Vale, but no details have yet been released by South Yorkshire Police.
Wensley Street
A passer-by said a shop and a number of houses are within the cordon.
"If you drive down Hinde House Crescent the shop is at the bottom on the left and it's a built-up housing estate that has lots of pathways between. They are cordoned off from the Hinde House Crescent side and then the police are parked up on the road at the bottom," they said.
"I know someone who had to go to the area for work purposes and police officers took footprints and they said a tent was up."
Wensley Street
Photo: Paul Abell / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
The-Dream has shared a new birthday gift in honor of their debut album, Love Hate.
Related: Ty Dolla $ign Drops ‘Love U Better' Featuring Lil Wayne & The-Dream
The song is “It's Yo Birthday,” released to celebrate the ten-year anniversary of their full-length debut, which dropped on Dec. 11, 2007.
“Love Hate Changed Everything!,” The-Dream shared on Instagram. “Like it or Not!”
Listen to the new track, “It's Yo Birthday,” which contains explicit lyrics, now at Radio.com.
When you start to get more serious with someone, building trust in your relationship is key. You should be able to talk to your partner about anything and, if they're not your best friend, they should feel like one of your best friends. "Deep friendship is the foundation to a healthy relationship," relationship counselor Crystal Bradshaw tells Bustle. "Trust and safety follow friendship. As these elements are planted and strengthened, the relationship grows and matures." But to make it grow, there's some work involved. Partly it's built through time and through your actions, but it's also built through communication.
When it comes to building trust through communication, it's not something you can just force — make sure to think about your partner as an individual and what they might want to talk about or not want to talk about.
"What questions will build trust with some people might not with others," board-certified psychiatrist Dr. Susan Edelman tells Bustle. "Trust depends on how you respond to their answer, not just asking them a question. For example, if someone gets into a lot of painful details about their family, the question-asker may get overwhelmed and look like they want to escape. That might not build trust. These questions can be tricky if you don't take criticism well. If you get defensive, it's less likely to build trust, especially if you asked them the question in the first place."
So keeping that in mind, here are the questions that can help you build trust, according to experts.
1 "What's Your Relationship Like With Your Family?" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Even if they have a good relationship with their family, there's almost always something complicated. "Asking someone about their family and whether they're close can build trust and emotional intimacy," says Dr. Edelman. It also helps you get to know them and contextualize them better.
2 "What's Your Most Embarrassing Memory From School?" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle This is a good question because it can be silly and fun as well as being a trust exercise — but you may want to go first. "I always recommend that you give to get," dating, relationship and lifestyle expert Steven Ward tells Bustle. "Be vulnerable to see vulnerable. Be open to see open. If you want to get closer to someone tell them something that very few, if any, other people know." If you open up, that's a sign you trust them.
3 "What Makes You Feel The Most Fulfilled?" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Sometimes, you just need to cut to the chase. "What gives you meaning?" Dr. Ramani Durvasula, author of Should I Stay or Should I Go: Surviving a Relationship With A Narcissist, tells Bustle. "It's heavy, but if a person can't answer that, then it is not likely to be that deep a ride." Knowing what drives them also helps you be a better partner and source of support.
4 "What's Your Fantasy?" Ashley Batz/Bustle On the kinky side of things, psychologist Nikki Martinez tells Bustle that asking "What is your fantasy?" can be a great way to build trust. You're sharing intimate details and that brings you closer together — and it may just help you give your sex life a boost, as a bonus.
5 "What Do You Find Difficult To Share With Me?" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Dr. Edelman suggests giving your partner the floor by asking them what they find difficult to share. If you have a shy partner, sometimes they need to be given a platform to bring up issues they find uncomfortable — just make sure you're not too pushy. If they don't want to talk, that's OK — remind them that you'll be there when they do.
6 "What Would You Do?" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle A good way to show that you trust and value someone — and get that trust in return — is to ask for their opinion. "You could ask them, 'How would you handle this problem?' and get their advice on a current situation when you don't know what to do," says Dr. Edelman. It shows that you respect their opinion, but also that you want to be close with them.
7 "What Makes You Feel Loved?" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle Another deep but important question, sometimes you just need to get to the heart of what makes somebody tick. "While we all want to feel loved, we often have different criteria," Chad Elliot, communication coach, tells Bustle. "You may need to hear your partner say they love you; they may need you to really listen to them share their thoughts. Other possibilities: getting small gifts or handwritten notes, enjoying time together, or cuddling. You can also change the word love in this question to words like respected, appreciated, supported, or important." They're all valid questions.
8 "How Can I Help You?" Andrew Zaeh for Bustle If you really want to be a better partner and get to know someone, ask them how you can help them. "The one conversation a couple can have in order to build intimacy is to ask: How can I help you when you're suffering?" clinical hypnotherapist, author and educator Rachel Astarte, who offers transformational coaching for individuals and couples at Healing Arts New York, tells Bustle. "How would you like me to react … when you are in pain?" Don't wait until you're in the heat of the moment — this is a great question to ask when things are relaxed.
Emanuel: Forever known as the Shoeshine Boy, child of an impoverished immigrant family, lured away from their corner stand by a sexual predator who'd promised them $35 to help move some photography equipment.
From the witness stand at their first-degree murder trial, Saul Betesh continued laconically: “I wasn't thinking about Emanuel Jacques, except possibly before and after.
That question was asked rhetorically — more flippantly and dismissively than philosophically — by the man who beat, raped, tortured, throttled and then drowned the 12-year-old boy in a kitchen sink above a Yonge St. body rub parlour called Charlie's Angels.
The same Saul Betesh who, as first reported Sunday by Andy Blatchford of The Canadian Press, is now seeking a “pen pal” on a match-making website, Canadian Inmates Connect. Mr. Lonely Heart, pining for companionship, either gender will do.
It's been nearly 40 years since Emanuel's murder, summer of '77 — decades spent in prison by the convicted Betesh, steel rigger by day, male prostitute by night, and so frightening as a youth to the parents who adopted them at six days old that they locked their bedroom door against them in the evening.
Twelve hours Emanuel was kept in that apartment of horrors, repeatedly defiled, held by the heels and lashed with a “swagger stick” by Betesh while their roommate and fellow pedophile, Robert “Stretcher” Kribs, also assaulted the youngster; while another bouncer friend guarded the door.
Not once has Betesh — a volatile prisoner, accused in the past of sexually assaulting another inmate, shunted from one institution to another, these days a self-professed practicing Wiccan — expressed any remorse for a sadomasochistic crime that shook this city to its core. In 1979, Betesh told Toronto Life: “No, I'm not sorry. I don't feel anything except sorry that it's put me in here. They say that's part of my illness. I'm not sorry.”
Eight psychiatrists had diagnosed them as fit to stand trial, though Betesh entered a plea of not guilty by reason of insanity, a term that doesn't exist anymore in Canadian courts.
The city of that era doesn't exist anymore either. It was a strange period of suddenly manifest sex 'n' sleaze, Yonge St. downtown infested with massage parlours and fleshpots. The Age of Aquarius and Summers of Love from the late '60s had given way to a wave of squalid commercialized decadence; Toronto the Good (and anal) transformed into Toronto the Wicked. Emanuel's terrible murder — their body discovered wrapped in garbage bags on the roof's building — outraged the citizenry. People took to the street in protest; politicians and police responded to the demands for a civic clean-up. Bylaws were passed that swept the parlours and adult stores off Yonge and the twisted heart of the dross — Yonge and Dundas — was re-envisioned, leading directly to the development of the Yonge-Dundas Square plaza we have now.
In the years since, whenever a particularly ghastly murder occurs — Barbra Schlifer, slain the day after they were called to the bar; Jane Creba, an innocent victim of a wild Boxing Day shootout; children abducted by sexual deviants: Alison Parrott, Sharin' Morningstar Keenan, Andrea Atkinson, Kayla Klaudusz, Holly Jones, Cecilia Zhang — somebody inevitably declares that Toronto has lost its innocence. But that moment really happened in the early morning hours of July 29, 1977, when Saul Betesh and their chicken-hawk collaborators preyed upon a little boy.
Now they want a pen friend.
This isn't the first time Betesh has gone trolling for a sympathetic sap via cyberspace. “I am 60 years young,” they wrote on a similar American website in 2011. “I have short hair, blue eyes and stand 6 feet tall. I'm slightly overweight but active.” (Actually, they tipped the scaled at 300 pounds back then.) “I have three passions in life. 1. Gardening. 2. Computers (programming not the Internet. 3. Cooking. I am a practicing Druid and I also attend Wiccan Services. That is the most important part of my life as it concerns my interaction with the gods and the planet Earth. I will write anybody back who includes a photo.”
Mentioned only that they were behind bars for “assault” — not a peep about the depravity of their sex murder. But of course hook-up sites are notorious for crucial information withheld and blarney spun.
This time 'round, Betesh — who's never applied for parole — is more forthright. After revealing their fondness for playing Dungeons and Dragons, making stained glass and sewing quilts for charity (!), they add: “In closing, I won't lie to you. My crime was bad, but with treatment and a bit more time, I feel I can once again become a productive member of society. I will answer all letters, male or female, that are respectful, the others I will trash. I will not write anybody under the age of 20. I hope to hear from you soon.”
The thing is, they probably will.
Schoolgirl sex killer Paul Bernardo has been the object of fascination and marriage-proposals by fan-groupies. Ted Bundy, the Night Stalker, the Hillside Stranglers, the Menendez brothers: All married in prison after committing notorious murders. There are women (and some men) specifically drawn to killers, either because they believe they can see the “true” good side to them or because they're lured by sharing the spotlight of infamy. There's even a word for the pathology: Hybristophilia.
So Saul Betesh will probably snag a sap, a correspondence accomplice.
Don't waste the stamp on this waste of skin.
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has sent a notice to the UP government over the deaths of infants at the Gorakhpur hospital. Photo: PTI
Gorakhpur/Bengaluru: Six more children have died from encephalitis since Saturday at state-run BRD Medical College Hospital in Gorakhpur, the government said on Monday.
The death of nearly 70 children, including infants, at the hospital triggered nation-wide outrage and political recrimination. Many of these deaths were alleged to have been caused by a shortage of oxygen, a claim dismissed by the government.
Even as the authorities grappled with the situation, additional director health Pushkar Anand said the fresh deaths occurred between August 12 and 14. “In the past three days -- from August 12 to August 14 -- six encephalitis patients, mostly children have died. In the same period, as many as 21 patients were admitted for treatment. At present nearly 75 encephalitis patients are undergoing treatment in the Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital,” they said.
In state capital Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh Congress leaders including state party chief Raj Babbar staged a protest over the tragedy and many of them courted arrest. The Congress has been demanding the resignation of Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath and registration of a case of “murder” over the “massacre” of children.
BJP chief Amit Shah, who is in Bengaluru, rejected the demand for Adityanath's ouster, saying such incidents had also happened in states governed by the Congress. “It is natural for Congress to ask for Yogiji's resignation. This is not the first time such an incident has taken place in this large country of ours. Such incidents have taken place during Congress rule in many states,” they told reporters.
Replying to a query, Shah said unlike the Congress, BJP “does not hold anybody guilty” without investigation, which was on. Whey asked why Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who often takes to microblogging website Twitter to express their views, has not tweeted about the Gorakhpur tragedy yet, Shah said they have already voiced their grief over the deaths. “Twitter is not the only medium to convey a message,” they said.
The Congress, meanwhile claimed it had warned the government about the resource crunch at the hospital. Party vice president Rahul Gandhi had warned about funds to the hospital having been “stopped” in September, 2016, and also visited the encephalitis wing, Congress spokesperson Ajay Maken said in New Delhi.
Meanwhile, the NHRC has sent a notice to the Uttar Pradesh government over the tragedy, observing it indicated “gross callousness” on part of the health administration. The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) asked the state's chief secretary to submit a detailed report in four weeks on steps taken for relief and rehabilitation of the affected families as well as the action taken against those guilty.
Samajwadi Party president Akhilesh Yadav visited Gorakhpur and met family members of deceased infants and consoled them. The former chief minister visited two villages and met three bereaved families.
Moved by the Gorakhpur tragedy, BJP Lok Sabha member Varun Gandhi today pledged Rs 5 crore from their MP local area development fund to build a state-of-the-art paediatric wing in Sultanpur district hospital. “The human tragedy in Gorakhpur has left me jolted,” they said.
Health Minister Siddharth Nath Singh, who is facing flak for the hospital disaster, claimed “commissionkhori” (bribery) has come to light at the hospital. “As against the demand for Rs 68 lakh for payment of dues for oxygen cylinders at the hospital, the government released Rs two crore on August five. But the hospital administration made payments not before August 11 and even then it spent only Rs 11 lakh. Why? Because of commissionkhori”, Singh said in Allahabad.
They admitted that health care facilities were inadequate in UP which has a huge population of 22 crore, but promised to bring it back on track. Singh was shown black flags by members of the students wing of the Samajwadi Party when their vehicle entered the city this afternoon. In the last three decades, Japanese Encephalitis (JE) and Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES) have claimed over 50,000 lives in the eastern Uttar Pradesh, mostly in Gorakhpur district. Till Augusut 8, 124 deaths have been reported. 641 children died last year and 491 in 2015, according to official data.
Mount Maunganui
Opener Manjot Kalra smacked an unbeaten 101 in even time as India easily disposed of Australia at Mount Maunganui on Sunday to win the Under-19 World Cup for a fourth time.
With Kalra scoring freely, India won by eight wickets as they chased down Australia´s 216 all out with more than 11 overs to spare.
The opener´s century included eight fours and three sixes, and they were well supported by wicketkeeper Harvik Desai, who was 47 not out when they finished the match with a boundary.
The pair put on 89 for the third wicket, while Prithvi Shaw scored 29 at the top of the innings and Shubman Gill added 31.
“I really can´t express what I´m feeling now,” said captain Shaw.
“It was the final, a very crucial hundred from Manjot. Gill was batting really well. And the two pacers, Mavi and Kamlesh, (have) been excellent throughout the tournament.”
Man of the match Kalra, not surprisingly, felt the wicket was ideal for batting.
“I enjoyed it a lot. The conditions were good. Not a difficult wicket, it was flat and good to bat on,” they said.
Australia´s innings, all over in the 48th over, was held together by Jonathan Merlo´s 76 after it fell apart despite a promising start.
Jack Edwards (28) and Max Bryant (14) batted at a run a ball through the first five overs.
But once both were dismissed by Ishan Porel, the steam went out of the Australian innings.
Merlo and Param Uppal (34) put on 75 for the fourth wicket but it took more than 17 overs, and there was little resistance from the following batsmen.
Porel finished with two for 30 while left-arm spinner Shiva Singh was instrumental in slowing the Australian run rate with two for 36.—AFP
Misinformation was abounded on social media amid Monday's deadly van rampage. Alek Minassian, 25, was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder.  They are accused of jumping the curb with a rental van and ramming pedestrians along a 2.2-kilometre stretch on Yonge St. in the city's north end before a tense exchange with police. Much remains unknown, including the motivation. A Facebook post from an Alek Minassian circulated on social media Monday afternoon referred to an “incel rebellion” and invoked U.S. mass murderer Elliot Rodger. “Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010, wishing to speak to Sgt 4chan please. C23249161. The Incel Rebellion has already begun! We will overthrow all the Chads and Stacys! All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!” the post reads. Read more:
Article Continued Below
A curb-jumping Ryder van barrelled through pedestrians along Yonge St., killing at least 10 people on Monday.
Social media users and academics were quick to question its authenticity. A spokesperson for Facebook Canada would not answer specific questions about the post, but said the company believed it was legitimate and deleted the account, which had been made with Minassian's name and photo. “This is a terrible tragedy and our hearts go out to the people who have been affected. There is absolutely no place on our platform for people who commit such horrendous acts. We have found and immediately deleted the suspect's Facebook account,” spokesperson Meg Sinclair said in an email to the Star. Police alleged Tuesday Minassian sent the “cryptic message” minutes before pedestrians were struck. The image was also posted to 4chan, an online community forum associated with troll culture and the so-called alt-right. “Incel” refers to the “involuntarily celibate,” or men who feel frustrated by their inability to find romantic relationships or sex. Online community forums frequented by incels are often characterized by misogynistic rhetoric. When mass shootings occur, fake profiles tend to crop up and disinformation spreads quickly, often without being properly fact-checked. As Monday's tragedy unfolded, a tweet from CBC News reporter Natasha Fatah referring to a witness's description of the driver as “wide-eyed, angry and Middle Eastern” was re-tweeted more than 1,500 times and liked by more than 2,000 accounts. Fatah also tweeted another eyewitness account of a “white” driver committing a “terror attack” that garnered a paltry 124 shares. Them first tweet was shared and referenced by many on the far-right, and some more mainstream media.
Faith Goldy, formerly of Rebel Media, tweeted “Terror in Toronto” with a Periscope video from the scene just before 2 p.m. that by Tuesday night gained more than 55,000 views. After getting backlash on social media, they defended themselves and said “Lefty Twitter” was on a “witch hunt re this report. Officials have not said the incident is related to terrorism. Paul Joseph Watson, InfoWars and YouTube conspiracy theorist associated with the alt-right, tweeted: “9 dead in Toronto, authorities confirm it was a terrorist attack. Terrorist described as “Middle Eastern”. “Motive unknown.” It was shared 1,500-plus times before 4 p.m. CBS was first to report Minassian's name around 4:30 p.m. There were also false reports that Minassian was known to police, though Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said later they were not. Laura Loomer, a conservative political activist once banned by Uber and Lyft for complaining they couldn't find a “non Muslim” driver after a suspected terror attack in Manhattan, tweeted a report from MSNBC in which former New York police commissioner Bill Bratton had cited sources in Canada saying Minassian was known to police and they considered it a terrorist attack. Misinformation can be used to amplify or suppress certain political ideas on both the left and right, said Becca Lewis, one of two researchers at the Data & Society institute in New York who wrote an exhaustive report on media manipulation tactics applied by the alt-right in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. The goal in that scenario was to punt niche or extremist views into the mainstream by getting reporters to cover their issues, even if it means de-bunking a hoax they've pulled, Lewis said. “It still gives them more publicity and in some cases it still gets their messaging across,” they said. “(The messages) do appeal to emotion, they appeal to stereotypes, they appeal to tropes ... Some of them do say outright untrue facts.” With files from Jennifer Yang
June 13
• Misdemeanor petty theft (from building) - 2000 block San Elijo Avenue, 7:50 p.m.
• Felony transport/etc controlled substance - 900 N block 101, 5:10 p.m.
• Misdemeanor shoplifting - 1000 N block El Camino Real, 9:32 a.m.
June 12
• Misdemeanor battery on person - 1100 block Arcadia Road, 11 p.m.
• Misdemeanor drunk in public: alcohol, drugs, combo or toluene - El Mirador La Calle Plateda, 10:50 p.m.
• Misdemeanor petty theft (from building) - 1500 block Leucadia Boulevard, 8:25 p.m.
• Commercial burglary - 300 S blocks 101, 5 p.m.
• Misdemeanor possession of controlled substance paraphernalia - 900 S blocks 101, 10 a.m.
• Vehicle break-in/theft - 600 block La Costa Avenue, 7 a.m.
June 11
• Residential burglary - 10300 block Craftsman Way, 5:45 p.m.
• Felony vandalism ($400 or more) - 1600 block San Elijo Road, 9:45 a.m.
• Misdemeanor drunk in public: alcohol, drugs, combo or toluene - 500 S blocks 101, 1:43 a.m.
June 10
• Misdemeanor drunk in public: alcohol, drugs, combo or toluene - 1400 block Hermes Avenue, 10:59 p.m.
• Misdemeanor vandalism ($400 or less) - 1200 block Windsor Road, 9:06 p.m.
• Fraud - 2100 block San Elijo Avenue, 5:30 p.m.
• Misdemeanor drunk in public: alcohol, drugs, combo or toluene - 700 block Ocean View Avenue, 4:12 a.m.
June 9
• Misdemeanor drunk in public: alcohol, drugs, combo or toluene - 500 N block 101, 10:32 p.m.
• Vehicle break-in/theft - 9800 block Lone Quail Road, 10:30 p.m.
• Misdemeanor vandalism ($400 or less) - 800 block Santa Fe Drive, 8 p.m.
• Misdemeanor shoplifting - 600 S blocks 101, 6:45 p.m.
• Vehicle break-in/theft - 1200 block Village View Road, 4 p.m.
• Misdemeanor petty theft (shoplift) - 1000 N block El Camino Real, 2:15 p.m.
• Felony take vehicle without owner's consent/vehicle theft - 200 block Saxony Road, 11:30 a.m.
• Felony take vehicle without owner's consent/vehicle theft - 1700 block Neptune Avenue, 9:50 a.m.
• Vehicle break-in/theft - 800 S blocks 101, 7:25 a.m.
• Vehicle break-in/theft - Lomas Santa Fe/N Rios Avenue, 7 a.m.
• Misdemeanor drunk in public: alcohol, drugs, combo or toluene - 900 block Encinitas Boulevard, 2:04 a.m.
• Misdemeanor possession of controlled substance paraphernalia - 200 S block El Camino Real, 1:35 a.m.
June 8
• Vehicle break-in/theft - 600 block Third Street, 9 p.m.
• Misdemeanor possession of controlled substance paraphernalia - E E Street/S Vulcan Avenue, 6:33 p.m.
• Felony take vehicle without owner's consent/vehicle theft - 1100 block Golden Road, 6:20 p.m.
• Misdemeanor vandalism ($400 or less) - 17100 block Alva Road, 6 p.m.
• Petty theft/theft of personal property/shoplift - 17100 block Camino Del Sur, 2:15 p.m.
• Felony burglary (shoplifting) - 10400 block Reserve Drive, 1:10 p.m.
June 7
• Misdemeanor DUI alcohol - El Camino Real La Costa Avenue, 9:48 p.m.
• Misdemeanor possession of controlled substance paraphernalia - Leucadia Boulevard/Orpheus Avenue, 8:35 p.m.
• Misdemeanor vandalism ($400 or less) - El Camino Real La Costa Avenue, 7:20 p.m.
• Felony grand theft: money/labor/property - 1500 block Lomas Santa Fe Drive, 6:35 p.m.
• Misdemeanor petty theft (all other larceny) - 900 block Orpheus Avenue, 11:10 a.m.
• Misdemeanor petty theft (shoplift) - 100 S block Cedros Avenue, 11 a.m.
• Misdemeanor possession narcotic controlled substance - 2400 W block Valley Parkway, 10:16 a.m.
• Misdemeanor drunk in public: alcohol, drugs, combo or toluene - 7200 block Avenida Encinitas, 9:01 a.m.
LONDON—All five former members of the Spice Girls have met up amid rumours of a plan to reunite the girl-power group.
Photos posted by several group members on social media showed Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, Melanie “Sporty Spice” Chisholm, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown and Geri “Ginger Spice” Horner.
They had been seen earlier Friday arriving at Horner's home north of London, along with former manager Simon Fuller.
The Sun newspaper reported the quintet is considering several projects, including a TV talent show, though not a live tour.
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon, with hits including “Wannabe.” They split in 2000 and last reunited at the 2012 London Olympics.
There are no toxic plastics. None of them. This will be my intro to everything I do that allows it. If you don't believe me, you are in the majority, and that's the problem. Find out the truth and try to convince others. You'll find out how a missionary feels in a hostile land.
This month my extrusion column is dedicated to the Society of Plastics Engineers' Annual Technical Conference (ANTEC) in Anaheim, CA, on May 8 to 11. I found 122 papers that related to extrusion, which I have grouped into categories, with the name and affiliation of the primary author and a brief reworded title that clearly shows the content. Click on the Antec extrusion file.pdf to access the full list.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Scranton Sewer Authority plant in South Scranton, which was acquired last week by Pennsylvania American Water Co., treats the system's waste material. Scranton and Dunmore officials completed the sale without determining wastewater management, which the water company will not handle. (Times-Tribune File)
Even before Scranton's government realized nearly $30 million less than the Courtright administration had anticipated from selling the Scranton-Dunmore sewer system, the transaction included a misleading premise. So, when Pennsylvania American Water Co. completed its acquisition of the sewer system last week, the city government's remaining credibility was flushed away with its last valuable asset.
The company paid $195 million for the sewer system, just as it had proposed, along with another $540,000 as its share of the transaction's cost. The city government received just $66.5 million, almost $30 million less than the $96 million figure that the Courtright administration has touted for nearly a year. But hey, taxpayers and ratepayers, what's a “6” but a “9” turned upside-down?
Dunmore had expected $24 million, but will receive about $20 million.
The difference is attributable to a lack of due diligence by the administration or a lack of transparency, or elements of both.
It's possible that the city government will receive more money from the sale, because about $17 million was placed in escrow. But about $12 million of that amount is in escrow pending litigation by a group of Green Ridge residents who never were informed by the authority or the city government that sewer lines run under their properties, and who rejected offers of $100 for easements. So that money clearly is at risk.
Even before the sale produced far less money than the governments had projected, the transaction was over-valued because the Scranton and Dunmore governments still have not resolved a crucial matter.
Prior to the sale, the Scranton Sewer Authority handled most stormwater management for both communities, a crucial, costly, infrastructure-rich enterprise that requires extensive work. The water company will not handle that job, leaving the city and borough governments to pick up the work and the cost. Neither government has produced even an estimate of what that will cost. When they do, that number, as a practical matter, will have to be deducted from the value of the sale.
Mayor Bill Courtright, who said while campaigning four years ago that they did not envision selling the sewer system, has done so primarily to bolster the failing pension systems for the city's public safety unions — one of their chief political constituencies. Now, they will not even be able to realize that to the extent that they led city residents to anticipate.
Selling a major asset is a huge, desperate step for a badly stressed municipal government. Failing to achieve even the advertised value for that asset is inexcusable.
AAA: Holiday travel up
Columbia, SC (WOLO) — If you're hitting the road to head to those 4th of July festivities today, be prepared to have a lot of company.
AAA estimates close to 47 million Americans will travel 50 miles away from home or more this holiday.
That's the highest number for the fourth since the motor club began tracking the numbers 18 years ago.
AAA credits a rise in consumer confidence for the jump.
Dr Zafar Nawaz Jaspal
THE regional security is a prerequisite and paramount for national security. Without the mutual trust and trade between/among the regional actors, the prosperity of entire region in general and state in particular is challenging in the twenty-first century. Hence, the visionary leaders always endeavour for securing the membership of regional organizations for their national interest. Fortunately, Pakistani ruling elite is not only cognizant of the significance of the regional organizations, but always seriously pursue the multilateral regional organization's membership.
Pakistan became a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) on June 9, 2017. The full membership not only exhibited its significance in the Eurasian geopolitics, but also offer Pakistan various political, economic and strategic advantageous. It provides an opportunity to materialize Islamabad's vision about the peaceful regional cooperation. Appropriately, one of the objectives of the SCO, i.e. “protecting political interests of the member countries and promoting security, economic and trade cooperation between them.” The primary objective of SCO is counterterrorism.
Article 1 of the Organization necessitates joint counteraction against terrorism, separatism and extremism in all their manifestations. It also encourages regional cooperation in all spheres such as politics, trade and economy, defense, etc. to prevent international conflicts and their peaceful settlement. Perhaps, SCO membership would facilitate Islamabad in pursuing its counterterrorism agenda through cooperation and intelligence sharing with the Organization members. Hence, the Regional Counter-Terrorism Structure (RCTS) under SCO would be very useful for Pakistan in combating the menace of transnational terrorism.
The SCO membership provided Pakistan a platform to promote peace, build trust and spur economic development for shared prosperity. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, addressing the summit stated: “The SCO goals resonate with Pakistan's national ethos, and so do the core values of the Shanghai spirit and the SCO charter with our own quest for peaceful neighborhood.” Admittedly, Pakistan has failed to convince its eastern and western neighbors that it believes in peaceful resolution of the bilateral disputes. Interestingly, its vision was echoed in the Chinese President Xi Jingping proposal of a five-year treaty for good neighborliness among SCO members.
Presently, Pakistan's relations with India are tense. Islamabad also fails to convince Kabul that it sincerely supports the peace process in Afghanistan and does not permit its territory to be used by anti-Afghan forces. The tension between neighbors multiplied, if they get lesser chance for interaction. The recent SCO summit offered opportunity to both Afghanistan and Pakistan to discuss their troubled bilateral relations. Premier Nawaz and President Ghani agreed to use the Quadrilateral Coordination Group mechanism and bilateral channels to undertake specific actions against terrorist groups and to evolve, through mutual consultations, a mechanism to monitor and verify such actions.
Pakistan does not believe in containing and isolating any state. Instead of counterbalancing or strategic competition, Islamabad encourages cooperation for the mutual security and economic prosperity. Without mutual cooperation or economic interdependence sustainable progress in South Asia is impossible. Therefore, it has always advocated for amity instead of enmity among the neighboring states. Once again Premier Sharif reiterated Pakistan's goodwill gesture to the neighboring states at the SCO forum. They stated: “As leaders, we should leave a legacy of peace and amity for our future generations, not a toxic harvest of conflict and animosity. Instead of talking about counter-weights and containment, let us create shared spaces for all.” The creation of shared spaces for all instead of isolating anyone could only guarantee regional prosperity and security.
Ironically, Premier Nawaz Sharif's reconciliatory speech did not change the hawkish attitude of Indian Prime Minister Nerandra Modi. They made pugnacious speech in the summit and used the platform to reprimand Pakistan. They attempted to turn the SCO into another SAARC to appease their western allies. Indeed, the presence of China and Russia in the Organization thwart their mischievous designs. Ignoring India's bellicosity at the SCO forum seems an appropriate strategy.
Today, Pakistan is encountering energy crisis. The government has adopted multifaceted energy policy to resolve the power shortage crisis. Government of Pakistan has been contemplating to import gas and oil from the energy rich Central Asia states such as Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. Perhaps, Pakistan's SCO membership would help in facilitating in importing gas from these Central Asian states. To conclude, the objectives of SCO and Pakistan's vision about the regional/international security and prosperity converge. Thus, its full membership of the Organisation provides Islamabad an opportunity to pursue its regional and international agenda to create shared spaces for the prosperity of all nations.
— The writer is Associate Professor, School of Politics and International Relations, Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad.
Email: [email protected]
DUBLIN, Ohio (AP) — Tiger Woods has made plenty of progress in their return to golf, especially in the last three months.
Starting with the Honda Classic, 19 of their 24 rounds have been at par or better. Four of the last six times on Sunday, they have gone into the final round with at least a remote hope of winning. At two tournaments, they were within one shot of the lead over the final three holes.
But that's not the best measure of progress.
Think back to a year ago this week.
Just over a month after they had back surgery for the fourth time, the image of Woods in a red shirt charging to victory was replaced by a mug shot from a Florida jail after their arrest on a DUI charge in the early morning hours of Memorial Day.
They had a white shirt and hollow eyes.
They had a problem with painkillers. A mixture of them were in their system after police found them asleep behind the wheel of their car, which was parked awkwardly on the side of the road, the motor running and a blinker flashing.
The idea of Woods catching Jack Nicklaus and their 18 majors, or Sam Snead and their 82 career PGA Tour titles, was no longer part of the conversation. It was hard to imagine Woods even getting back to golf at that point.
That now seems like a long time ago, almost as if it never happened.
Woods is playing again, and playing well enough to win. It could happen this week at the Memorial, a course on which they have won five times and has powerful memories. They were at Shinnecock Hills on Monday, gearing up for the U.S. Open in two weeks. It could happen there.
It could happen anywhere.
Nicklaus believes the next step for Woods is simply learning how to win again after a drought approaching five years, most of them interrupted by back pain. Nicklaus never went more than two years without a victory during their prime. They also never had a significant injury. In that respect, it's hard for them to relate.
“But they have got to get through the barrier of not having done it for a while,” Nicklaus said Tuesday. “When you haven't won, that always happens and that's human nature. But when you got a guy that's as good as they are and as competitive as they are, he'll break through that barrier.”
Nicklaus, however, saw the bigger picture.
Winning appears to be the last obstacle. A year ago, Nicklaus was more concerned about Woods' life than how many fairways they hit.  They are thrilled to have Woods back at Muirfield Village for the first time since 2015.  They are thrilled to see them healthy physically and emotionally.
“I'm very happy for him,” Nicklaus said. “With all the meds that they had for pain, that can happen to anybody. To have the thing that happened to them and come back from that and get their game and their life back in shape, and quickly, they did a nice job.”
It was at the Masters last year that Nicklaus tried to persuade Woods to see the physical therapist Nicklaus had used for years. But that was going to take time that Woods didn't have, and fusion surgery followed a few weeks later.
“I never thought they would play again after that,” Nicklaus said. “I never dreamed you could fuse somebody and they could go play golf.”
Nicklaus has spent the better part of two decades facing questions that only time could answer — whether Woods could break their record in the majors.
Woods has gone 10 years since their last major.
“Time flies when you're having fun, or sometimes when you're not having fun, too,” Nicklaus said. “I don't think Tiger has had a lot of fun the last 10 years. I would hate to have been through what he's been through, because he's been through a lot. But I think that they are a tough competitor, he's a hard worker, and he's still driven. So that's why I never counted them out.”
Five years without winning is a lot, especially for a 42-year-old with four surgeries on their knee and four surgeries on their back. But that requires an asterisk. Woods has played only 35 tournaments on the PGA Tour and European Tour since they last won at Firestone in August 2013.
It's not wise to count them out because Woods remains a mystery.
When they were recovering from leg injuries and had gone 30 months without a PGA Tour victory, they walked off the course at Doral with soreness in their left Achilles tendon. And then they won two weeks later. At the Presidents Cup last September, they had no idea what their future in golf held because of the fusion surgery. Just over two months later, they were hitting drives beyond Justin Thomas and Henrik Stenson at their tournament in the Bahamas.
They never looked more lost on Memorial Day a year ago. Now they relish their time on tour with players nearly half their age, and they love being around him.
Now it's about winning, and Nicklaus isn't even sure that matters.
They always felt Woods had a shot at their record as long as they were healthy, as long as they were playing.
“But whether they do or they don't … it doesn't make any difference,” Nicklaus said. “I think he's still a great athlete, and a great golfer.”
FILE – In this May 10, 2018, file photo, Tiger Woods reacts after missing a birdie putt during the first round of the The Players Championship golf tournament in Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla. Woods' progress should not be measured by the golf they have played the last three months. Instead, consider that a year ago this week, their mug shot from a DUI arrest in Florida made it seem as though they might never be back at this level. (AP Photo/John Raoux, File) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_120643540-b9f5a993936443c0992633dbb9baa8f8.jpg FILE – In this May 10, 2018, file photo, Tiger Woods reacts after missing a birdie putt during the first round of the The Players Championship golf tournament in Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla. Woods' progress should not be measured by the golf they have played the last three months. Instead, consider that a year ago this week, their mug shot from a DUI arrest in Florida made it seem as though they might never be back at this level. (AP Photo/John Raoux, File) FILE- This file photo provided by the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office on Monday, May 29, 2017, shows Tiger Woods. Woods' progress should not be measured by the golf they have played the last three months. Instead, consider that a year ago this week, their mug shot from a DUI arrest in Florida made it seem as though they might never be back at this level. (Palm Beach County Sheriff's office via AP, File) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_120643540-11761db73e914992821c803735dad7f5.jpg FILE- This file photo provided by the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office on Monday, May 29, 2017, shows Tiger Woods. Woods' progress should not be measured by the golf they have played the last three months. Instead, consider that a year ago this week, their mug shot from a DUI arrest in Florida made it seem as though they might never be back at this level. (Palm Beach County Sheriff's office via AP, File) FILE – In this March 8, 2018, file photo, Tiger Woods hits from behind a tree on the fourth hole during the first round of the Valspar Championship golf tournament in Palm Harbor, Fla. Woods' progress should not be measured by the golf they have played the last three months. Instead, consider that a year ago this week, their mug shot from a DUI arrest in Florida made it seem as though they might never be back at this level. (AP Photo/Mike Carlson) http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_120643540-960e20db97c2462a9eb8583878e9e61a.jpg FILE – In this March 8, 2018, file photo, Tiger Woods hits from behind a tree on the fourth hole during the first round of the Valspar Championship golf tournament in Palm Harbor, Fla. Woods' progress should not be measured by the golf they have played the last three months. Instead, consider that a year ago this week, their mug shot from a DUI arrest in Florida made it seem as though they might never be back at this level. (AP Photo/Mike Carlson)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
KEITH PERKS VIA 1120 CREATIVE / SUBMITTED PHOTO From left: Steve Martin, Ed Cuozzo and John Husosky make up Scranton-based band University Drive.
Although the first performance of University Drive touted a different lineup than the current band, it marked an important milestone for the Scranton alt-rock troupe.
“We had two extra guitar players — Kristen Jordan of Pity Party and Doug Griffiths of Purcell. We also had a different drummer, Billy Gerrity,” vocalist and guitarist Ed Cuozzo said. “But what was really cool about that show was that our current drummer, Steve Martin, was doing sound for that show, and I think we had such a good time hanging out that we kind of knew that they were going to be the drummer of the band.”
Just over a year later, the group successfully launched its first record, “On/Off: Reset,” from Fearless Records and continues to tour locally and as far as Chicago.
Cuozzo spoke On the Record about the creation of University Drive's music, the ever-changing music scene in Northeast Pennsylvania and what is in store for the band.
Q: How did you each get involved in music?
A: I've known our bassist John for quite a few years. They play in a band called A Fire with Friends, and I used to play with them for a couple of years, so we're old pals at this point. We always would talk about starting a project together, and once I was ready to put our record out, they were completely down for it. I met our drummer Steve through our mutual friend Dave Spak. Once we started playing together, it felt like the missing puzzle piece had been found.
Q: Where did your band name come from?
A: I was just driving by University Drive in Dunmore and thought it sounded cool. I thought it could represent a few different things in relation to ambition. Overall, I just think it sounds neato.
Q: What is your process for writing music?
A: For our record “On/Off: Reset,” I wrote and performed all of the instruments and vocals ... (except for the song “Mescaline,” which featured members from my old band, A Social State). It was a super liberating experience, but I definitely missed having two or three other guys to just bounce some ideas off of. So for our newer stuff, I think I will be doing a lot of the songwriting again, but we are going to attack the songs with a more band mentality.
Q: What are some of your favorite memories?
A: We played a house show in Chicago last November, but before the gig we decided to go and check out the Chicago Music Exchange. It's just a musician's dream come true in that place. So I'll never forget that.
Q: How has the NEPA music scene changed?
A: I think the NEPA music scene has some of the most diverse, unique and talented musicians and bands I've ever met, and I don't think that will ever change. I've seen this area go from having an all-ages music venue on basically every street corner to then having no all-ages venues at all. Great new bands keep popping up all of the time, and awesome shows continue to take place — be it in a basement, bar, venue, record store, wherever. The scene is alive and well. No question.
Contact the writer:
cjacobson@citizensvoice.com; 570-821-2061; @CVcljacobson
Q: How have you changed as musicians?
A: I can't necessarily speak for the other guys, but I think everyone has just become somewhat seasoned in their overall approach. We've all been doing this for a pretty long time now, and I think we all have a pretty good understanding when it comes to communication and respect.
Q: What music do you listen to?
A: As of lately, I've been listening to a lot of Elliott Smith, Brand New and My Bloody Valentine.
Q: Have you faced any major challenges as a rising band?
A: I don't think so, really. We just try to challenge ourselves to put on a good live show and hopefully meet people who connect to the music.
Q: What are your future goals for the band?
A: Our big goal is to put out an EP in the near future. That, and do some more touring.
Contact the writer:
cjacobson@citizensvoice.com; 570-821-2061; @CVcljacobson
University Drive
Established: 2016
Based in: Scranton
Members: Ed Cuozzo, vocals and guitar; John Husosky, bass; and Steve Martin, drums and vocals.
Genre: Alternative rock
Online: Find University Drive on Facebook
The man was taken to Coffs Harbour Base Hospital after they were knocked unconscious in the alleged assault.
UPDATE: A MAN has been charged and another remains in hospital with serious head injuries after an altercation in Coffs Harbour yesterday.
Police said two men became involved in an argument outside a hotel on the Pacific Highway, Coffs Harbour on Saturday about 1.50am.
It is alleged a 24-year-old man punched a 36-year-old man causing them to fall to the ground, knocking them unconscious.
Officers from Coffs/Clarence Local Area Command attended and established a crime scene.
The younger man had already fled, police said.
The older man was treated by NSW Ambulance Paramedics before being taken to Coffs Health Campus.
They were later airlifted to John Hunter Hospital where they remain with a fractured skull.
Following inquires, it is alleged the younger man had also assaulted two hotel employees.
Just after 8.05am on Monday, the 24-year-old man attended Coffs Harbour Police Station and spoke with investigators.
They were arrested and charged with assault occasioning grievous bodily harm, two counts of common assault, offensive conduct, and fail to leave licensed premises.
The man was granted conditional bail to appear at Coffs Harbour Local Court on Monday, January 30.
MONDAY 3PM: A MAN has been taken to hospital after an alleged assault occurred in Moonee St, Coffs Harbour on New Years Day.
An ambulance arrived on the scene around 2.10am on January 1 after the man, aged in their mid-30s, was allegedly assaulted.
According to NSW Ambulance media, the man was knocked unconscious for a few minutes and was transported to Coffs Harbour Base Hospital for treatment.
Police investigations are currently under way.
Avengers: Infinity War is almost here, and some of your favorites are hitting the red carpet for the premiere. From Chadwick Boseman to Zoe Saldana, the different Marvel Cinematic Universes (MCU) are coming together. There's one difference you may have missed, though, and it's Scarlett Johansson's brunette pixie cut. Yes, the face and talent behind everyone favorite assassin Black Widow is ditched their blond locks in favor of a deep brown, and honestly, it may be different, but it's so good.
Fans of Marvel's popular movies may have already noted that Johannson already featured one hair change this year. In the trailer for Infinity War, the typically red headed Black Widow will be blonde in the upcoming film. For those who have not seen the movie, there's no way to know if it's addressed on screen, but Johannson themselves did reveal the idea behind the choice.
Time has passed in the MCU, and to show it, so has Black Widow's hair. Another reason, they explained that it's a nod to other Black Widows in the history of the comic book character. Others are also conjecturing that Black Widow is on the run after siding with Captain America at the end of Civil War.
As for Johansson's new brunette locks, though, they don't seem to have anything to do with a film.
Rich Polk/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
For the premiere, Johansson seems to have both colored and cut and their Infinity Wars locks. She's now rocking a gorgeous pixie cut with volume on top and bangs framing their face. As for the color, it's a super dimensional, warm brown that looks beautiful on the actor.
Rich Polk/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
As fans are used to seeing Johansson both red headed and blonde, how did they react to the change? It seems like people are on board with whatever hair color they have (as they should be because it's them choice).
Jesse Grant/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
One of the reactions on Twitter actually had Johansson being compared to actor Millie Bobby Brown, and honestly, there is definitely a resemblance.
Others just simply love the new look for the Black Widow actor. They're expressing their admiration in emojis.
Others just appreciate how great they look.
Of course, their stunning violet eye makeup is a total stunner on the red carpet as well. How could that possibly not be mentioned?
Some users, though, are very happy that she's now brunette and no longer blonde.
A blonde pixie cut or short style has kind of been Johansson's go-to look over the years. From slicked back styles to straighten up, classic pixies, their hair has typically been blonde and short as of late.
Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
In fact, the dark brown pixie cut she's rocking now quite a bit like their hair in their other recent film Rough Night. For Infinity War, it appears they could have simply grown out their hair a bit but kept the lighter shade for the plot of the film.
Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
While Johansson has actually had red hair in the past, it's not their typical hair color. They definitely appear to prefer being blonde, and hey, maybe that's the real reason their locks changed for Infinity War. They have been playing Black Widow since Iron Man 2, after all. Let the actor be blonde if they want!
Jason Merritt/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
The truth is, however, that regardless of hair color, Johansson always looks beautiful. Whether she's starring in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, attending the Women's March, or walking a red carpet, she's an actor, an activist, and clearly, someone who can crush any hair color they choose. So for now, let's just all bask in how stunning that brunette hue is.
OSIJEK, CROATIA—Denis Shapovalov defeated Viktor Galovic 6-4, 6-4, 6-2 Friday to even Canada's Davis Cup World Group tie against Croatia at 1-1.
The 18-year-old from Richmond Hill, Ont., fired 10 aces, had 17 winners and won 83 per cent of their first service points as Canada rebounded after dropping its first match of the day.
The Canadian team began the best-of-five, first-round series with a 3-6, 6-2, 6-3, 6-2 loss by Vancouver's Vasek Pospisil against Coric Borna. Pospisil filled in for Peter Polansky when the Toronto native was scratched.
In the later match, the 48th-ranked Shapovalov dispatched their 181st-ranked opponent in one hour 50 minutes. Shapovalov broke Galovic four times and held serve throughout.
“I felt very comfortable playing on clay — I actually find that it is a surface that suits my game,” said Shapovalov. “It was a great way for me to begin this Davis Cup tie and I am happy to have gotten a point for my team.”
The 76ers made six straight 3-point attempts in the second quarter but made just one of their 14 shots from beyond the arc during the second half.
After the 76ers did not commit a turnover in the first quarter, they finished with 18 total turnovers, including seven in the fourth quarter alone.
"It has been an up-and-down season for us. We're just trying to find balance and be consistent," Embiid said. "We're still learning a lot, but being young should never be an excuse, so (we've) got to keep on working."
TIP-INS
76ers: Four of Philadelphia's five starters scored in double figures. Philadelphia's entire starting unit has scored in double figures 17 times this season. . Simmons has scored at least 10 points in 40 of the 76ers' 49 games this season. . The 76ers have now lost four straight road games.
Pacers: Nate McMillan returned to the Pacers bench after missing Friday's game in Charlotte due to personal reasons. . Indiana has now won six straight at home.
TOUGH NIGHT
After recording a double-double in a win against Memphis on Wednesday (15 points, 11 rebounds) and a double-double in a loss to Charlotte on Friday (19 points, 11 rebounds), Myles Turner found themselves in foul trouble early against Philadelphia and missed much of the first half. Turner finished the game with no points, three rebounds and two assists.
DOUBLE TROUBLE
Embiid recorded their fifth consecutive double-double. Despite the organization's concerns regarding Embiid and back-to-back contests, Philadelphia's All-Star centre was glad to be on the floor for both games.
"I'm happy that I finally got to play in a back-to-back, but I wish we'd gotten the win. Overall, though, I felt great. I wasn't tired, my legs were fine, my body was fine," Embiid said.
UP NEXT
76ers: Host Washington on Tuesday.
Pacers: Host Washington on Monday.
By Corey Elliot, The Associated Press
Wolves v Sheffield Utd
Wolves take on Sheffield Utd on Saturday 3rd February, 2018, with kickoff at 17:30. This match is currently being shown LIVE on Sky Sports.
Wolves are flying high, propelled to the top of the Championship by some fairly dodgy looking deals facilitated by a former super agent from Portugal. Today they face one of the old guard in Sheffield United, and a team in decent form if you trust the league table, with the Blades just outside the top six and looking up for part two of the season.
Wolves have an eleven point lead at this stage, not the sort of advantage any team should drop, so expect them to come out hard in an effort to assert their dominance.
Wolves v Sheffield Utd is LIVE on Sky Sports.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The first of October's two meteor showers is almost upon us as the Draconid meteor shower is set to peak later this week.
Before the Orionids take place later this month , the Draconids offer stargazers a chance to catch an exciting celestial display.
Coming from the direction of the constellation of Draco the dragon, the Draconids can be extremely varied in the number of shooting stars you can see.
Some years offer up thousands of meteors per hour while others may not even make it to a hundred.
(Image: REUTERS)
Here's everything you need to know about this year's shower so you can be fully prepared.
When is the Draconid meteor shower?
This year, the Draconid meteor shower will peak on Saturday, October 7 and Sunday, October 8.
There is a chance that light from a rising moon may cause issues for skywatchers, but the best option is still to head as far away from light pollution as possible.
What are the Draconids?
(Image: Anadolu)
Like other meteor showers, the Draconids are caused by Earth's atmosphere coming into contact with debris rock and dust from a passing comet.
In this case, it's the comet Giacobini-Zinner, which orbits the sun every 6.6 years.
As the Earth passes through the comet's tail, some of the rock and dust burns up in our atmosphere, causing a meteor shower of shooting stars.
How many meteors are there?
(Image: Wales Online)
Occasionally, the meteor shower produces a huge amount of activity - known as an 'outburst' - but that's not predicted to happen this year.
In 2012, watchers reported up to 1,000 meteors per hour.
"We must warn you that this shower is often a sleeper, even in a dark sky completely free of moonlight," warns the EarthSky astronomy website.
"But watch out if the Dragon awakes, which is always a possibility!"
Where is the best place to see the Draconids?
(Image: Getty Images)
The Draconids are best viewed as far north as possible - so the likes of Scotland, Canada and parts of northern Russia are sometimes cited as the best locations.
The best thing to do is to get yourself as far away from light pollution as possible.
You won't need any specialist equipment to see the meteor shower. Even though the shower comes from a specific constellation in the sky, it should still be viewable in all parts of the sky.
Perhaps invest in a sleeping back or reclining chair so you can lie back and watch the sky comfortably. Just remember to wrap up warm.
Northumberland National Park is Europe's largest area of protected night sky, it was awarded gold tier designation by the International Dark Sky Association, making it officially the best place in England for people to go to enjoy the heavens.
A Houghton Regis author is thrilled to have their latest novel championed by Amazon Kindle Scout, as their pages tackle the consequences of bullying.
Ralph Brammer, whose work on football skills has previously featured in the Gazette, is celebrating success with their new novel, Buddy Wizard.
Buddy Wizard with Ralph's books about football.
A step away from writing about soccer skills, Buddy Wizard tells the tale of 12-year-old Daniel who is tormented by a bully, and has a theory about a strange prophecy linked to their school.
Ralph, who is enjoying their retirement, said: “My wife was bullied at school, which unwittingly gave me the idea for a story.
“I saw a unique connection with a well known ghost story and grasped the opportunity to entwine magical realism with a ghostly way to punish bullies using a mysterious hero.
“I learnt to write a fiction story was just the beginning; things changed after the editor helped turn the story into a book.
“I learnt a great deal about word variation, chapter flows, character forming, importance of first chapter, repeat words and many more attributes about writing fiction.”
Born in Luton, Ralph left school at 15 and eight years on they formed a Limited Company and later two more Limited Companies.
They successfully coached their son who later signed for Luton FC, which motivated Ralph to write ‘Football Skills' first published in 2000 and still selling.
Ralph said: “The experience of bringing up five children fired my imagination to write short stories for children.
“Now, I have more time to write longer fiction.”
Buddy Wizard is Ralph's first children's fiction novel for ages nine to 16, which can be viewed on the Amazon Kindle Scout webpage, by searching ‘Buddy Wizard'.
The novel is now awaiting public nominations up until December 21, with the site running a scheme to help promote authors with new, unpublished novels over 50,000 words.
Each of the authors receives $1500, and are encouraged to promote their work for the site's audience leaderboard.
Ralph is now hoping to share their novel about bullying with Dunstable and Houghton Regis readers and told a few more secrets about what lies in store for Daniel...
They concluded: “Daniel unwittingly unlocks a pathway for the spirit to enter the school and a magical ghost appears.
“He visits everyone in Daniel's life and gives them strange dreams to make them think!
“‘Bullies beware!'”
KOSCIUSKO COUNTY, Ind. (WOWO): The Kosciusko County Sheriff's Department is searching for a suspect in connection to a slew of auto thefts.
They say cars have been stolen from Kosciusko, Whitley, and Noble Counties. They also believe all of the thefts have been perpetrated by one person, and now they are asking for your help in locating that person. Please notify authorities if you see the following vehicle:
A maroon 1991 GMC Sonoma with the License Plate TK767MWH
The Sonoma was reportedly stolen Monday morning from southeast Kosciusko County. You can report the vehicle by calling 911 if you see it, or 574-267-5667.
It's a bit of a harsh winter right now, and vacation is probably on everyone's mind. But when should you actually get off your butt and get out there? There are actually certain months of the year that are better for you to travel, based on your zodiac sign. Although they usually do tend to fall around your birthday, the reason is more than just "because it's your special month." Sometimes it comes down to that you vibe more with the season because of a deeper reason. Ergo, the month of the year you should plan your next trip for is based on important aspects of your sign.
Your soul is going to react differently based on what astrological house (1-12) that it falls in, the element (fire, water, earth, and air are more present during certain months), and temperamental quality (cardinal, mutable, and fixed also represent parts of the season). For instance — Taurus loves May because it's the time of graduation, when people get serious about responsibilities enough for you to subconsciously feel okay leaving the fort untended to, and Leo loves August because the sun, which rules that sign, is at its highest and brightest. Every sign has its own preferences, so let's take a look at why the month you should travel and take a well-deserved relaxing break in is what's best for you.
Aries Giphy For you, the spring equinox — this year it falls on March 20 — is the perfect time for you to warm yourself up. You are part of the first house of identity, which because it's first, means you're going to be kicking it at the start of "new life," aka spring time. You'd best be served going out to a new, rural location mid-March and soaking in the full effect of all those flowers and new life blooming around you. It'll give you an optimistic kick for when you inevitably have to go back to the waking world.
Taurus Giphy You're a responsible, comfortable soul, so you're going to want to get out of the house when it's not too cold, not too hot quite yet. May is the best time for you to relax because it's when your responsibilities (whether it's mid-year for work or at the end of the school year because of graduation) are going to ease up a little. You care a lot about making sure you aren't neglecting your affairs too much due to your second house of possessions, so pick a time and place that's going to feel like an appropriate lull in the road is doable. That way, you can go out of the country if you want or the next state over and have manageable levels of anxiety for both.
Gemini Giphy You're spontaneous and playful, and you want opportunities to go out and speak your mind! You're a mutable sign that rests in the third house of communication, and you're ruled by Mercury which loves those oratory activities. As the summer begins, remember that the beginning of June is the time when people are feeling the most like they want to try something new... so plan your next adventure with all of your buddies right then. Rev your engines for your next road trip then, and good things will come.
Cancer Giphy Right around July 4, you're going to probably feel really open to a great, relaxing place surrounded by the people you love. Your ruling house fourth house of family might be musing when to go to that beach house everyone's been talking about, or take a float or camping trip that is unforgettable. The very beginning of July is perfect for this. It's going to ring of comfort, familiarity and camaraderie the most then.
Leo Giphy You love when it's swelteringly hot out, August is booming, and you're at your prime as the sun shines high in the sky. You are fixed in your roaring ways as your fire sign's ruling fifth house of pleasure means you'll be looking for maximal hotness out there. You are definitely one for enjoying the beach and places that let you bask and bathe in that natural light, so seek out the best time of year for that — August, the month of solar blessings.
Virgo Giphy You love a good back-to-school routine (even if you're now an adult, not a college kid). So you're going to travel before push comes to shove. You'll be best served going out on excursions at the beginning of your sun sign season, aka the end of August, just before your responsibilities kick back in. After all, you're a mutable sign so you go with the flow, but you're also looking out for your mental health as ruled by the sixth house of health. Plan your trip around when you feel most comfortable relaxing, which is usually right before you have to go all-in on work, usually at the beginning of a quarter. So take that time and go wherever your heart desires.
Libra Giphy You seek balance and you seek excitement, so take a nice trip sometime in the spring during Aries season. Why? Well, you're going to need a nice dose of the other side of the scales when spring time comes around. You always seek equilibrium, and the Aries side of you is what you understand the least (the first house of identity and your own seventh house of balance can get a little at odds). So plan a relaxation during April to feel yourself, truly. Maybe go on an exotic journey to a foreign land, or just a different state you've never been to. Feel the new!
Scorpio Giphy Thanksgiving season is the time for you to seek your thrills. November is the dark time of year where people look for cuddles and comfort, but it might be the time for your fixed water sign self to go out and find new meaning in the eighth house of rebirth and regeneration. A trip can be the most rejuvenating experience for anyone, but especially in the season of Scorpio when it's darkest out.
Sagittarius Giphy You play with fire a lot, Sagittarius, so go outside when it's decently warm out and let your adventurous side out. Mid-July could be a good time for you to take a trip. You always seek thrills and are more geared towards an external sort of curiosity, as you're a cardinal fire sign that gets things going! Your ninth house of inquisition and discovery is going to thrive if you when it's the most reasonable temperature of weather.
Capricorn Giphy You love networking and climbing the social ladder, and so you're all about planning a great New Year's resolution. If you spend January 1 at a cool lake resort or take your next epic vacation around the start of a new calendar year, you'll feel prepared to take the next one by the horns. Your tenth house of status will feel confident about being one step ahead of the curve.
Aquarius Giphy You're such a social butterfly, because of course being a fixed air sign with their eleventh house of friendships means you're always where the action is. And what better time to flit around when everyone has love on the brain in February? Plan a group bonding hangout, and let your freak flag fly even while it's cold out. The love will help ya stay warm.
HOLYOKE - Holyoke firefighters extinguished a fire on the roof of a vacant factory at 5 Appleton St. before it could spread to the interior of the building, a fire official said.
The fire was apparently started by workers repairing the roof, and is considered an accident, according to Holyoke Fire Department Capt. Kevin Cavagnac.
No one was injured, and damage was confined to the roof and some interior supports. Firefighters had to cut holes in the roof in pursuit of hot spots.
Damage was estimated at around $5,000.
The fire was reported just before noon by 911 calls.
Firefighters from South Hadley and Chicopee assisted under mutual aid.
South Africans are not deterred by steeper-than-usual prices when it comes to festive season splurging.
Despite warnings from financial planning gurus to exercise caution‚ an analysis of the Consumer Price Index over the last festive period by credit bureau Compuscan found that “despite steeper than usual increases in prices‚ sales in certain industries increase as well”.
“Road trips and camping are iconic South African holiday activities. Fuel sales‚ bus sales‚ and camping all enjoy increased revenue during the festive season.
“Hand in hand with road trips and camping are food and drink. Braais‚ parties‚ picnics‚ days at the beach‚ and overall festivities at home and work all drive profits during this time‚” Compuscan stated in its analysis.
The hardware‚ wood‚ textile and metal industries took a knock during this period because of their annual breaks.
Contributing factors to South Africans splashing out include annual bonuses‚ sales that drive shop traffic and spending on non-sale items‚ shifts in spending from work-related goods to holiday-related goods‚ back-to-school preparations in January and social pressures.
LAHORE : Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) has withdrawn its nominee Nasir Khan Khosa for the post of caretaker Punjab Chief Minister (CM).
As per details garnered, opposition leader in the Punjab Assembly Mian Mehmood ur Rasheed stated that party would announce new name for the same after holding consultation. They further stated that announcement was made in haste.
They went on to say that party had fallen prey to misunderstanding. “Ever since their nomination, Nasir Khan Khosa has become a controversial figure”, held Rasheed.
PTI will propose name of new caretaker Punjab CM.
Earlier, on April-28, Punjab CM Shehbaz Sharif had announced that Nasir Khan Khasa will be Punjab's caretaker CM adding that the decision had been taken unanimously after holding several rounds of talk with opposition leader.
In a video message, Shehbaz vowed to put country on the path of progress via democratic procedure. Sharif further added that Nasir Saeed Khosa is a person of good reputation.
It is worth here to mention that general elections for both National Assembly and provincial assemblies will be held on July-25.
Say Bye To Dry and Chapped Lips by Simple Home Remedies
The red color of your lips looks very appealing but if it is accompanied by peeling and soreness. No doubt! It is very embarrassing. Dry and chapped lips not only because your pain but also looks quite unattractive. Lips are so apparent part of your face that you cannot hide your chapped lips. It causes due to many small and common issues like dehydration, smoking, change in climatic conditions etc. so save your personality and enhance it by moisturized and red or pink smooth lips by using simple and easy home remedies.
Rose Petals:
When you are suffering from rose petals, you can call your rose plant in your garden for rescue. It moisturizes your lips and also improves the beautiful color of your lips.
Soak the handful of rose petals in milk for few hours after washing with water thoroughly. You can also use glycerin instead of milk. Make a thick paste by mashing the rose petals in milk/glycerin. Apply this paste every night on your dry lips. Repeat this process daily.
Castor Oil:
Castor oil is considered as one of the good remedies for chapped lips.
Gently apply castor oil to your lips on the routine basis.
Another way to get soothing treatment is to add 1 teaspoon of glycerin, 1 teaspoon of castor oil and few drops of fresh lemon juice.
Make a mixture and gently scrub on your lips before going to sleep.
Milk Cream:
Milk cream heals your dry and chapped lips. It works due to high-fat content and moisturizes your lips.
Take fresh milk cream and apply it on your lips for 10 minutes. Use the cotton ball dipped in lukewarm water to wash your lips. Repeat this process daily it will give you faster relief.
Petroleum Jelly:
Petroleum jelly works greatly in healing the dry and chapped lips.
Apply petroleum jelly over dry lips for many times per day. It will protect your lips and heals them. If you apply petroleum jelly every night before going to bed it will well-nourish your lips during the whole night.
You can also apply honey to your lips. Let it dry and then further apply petroleum jelly over dry honey. Leave it for two or three minutes and then use the cotton ball dipped in warm water to remove it.
Repeat the same process on the routine basis.
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
By
PepsiCo has introduced a premium bottled water brand featuring packaging that is more central to the brand than the product itself. LIFEWTR, a purified water pH-balanced with electrolytes, is packaged in a sleek PET bottle in two sizes decorated with labels that feature the work of emerging artists involved in mediums such as graphic design, street art, and photography.
“We believe the biggest equity of this brand is the label,” says Seth Kaufman, Chief Marketing Officer of PepsiCo North America Beverages. “LIFEWTR has a beautiful piece of art on it. We think it will connect with consumers in a more inspirational way.”
Dewayne Parfitt accepts the Citizen of the Year award from Arrowsmith Rotary president Terry Deakin at the 2018 Community Excellence Awards on April 20. PHOTO COURTESY LYNDON CASSELL PHOTOGRAPHY
The Alberni Valley business community packed the Italian Hall on Friday, April 20 to celebrate the 2018 Community Excellence Awards.
Dewayne Parfitt was named Citizen of the Year for the years he's been a strong community supporter and volunteer. He's been involved with Scouts Canada, was a director and then president of the Alberni Valley Chamber of Commerce—which presents the annual awards—helped develop the Ambassador Program for the chamber, was president of the 2004 BC Winter Games Society, has served as treasurer, board and choir member of the AV United Church, has been president of a Rotary Club, volunteers with the Alberni Valley Bulldogs, was treasurer of the PA Home Support Society, is secretary for the McLean Mill Society and more.
“I moved here in 1989 from Prince George and thought I was moving to heaven,” Parfitt said of their love for the Alberni Valley.
Charlene Patterson earned the Spirit of Music Award for Char's Landing, an intimate performance venue they opened in a renovated church on Argyle Street in 2010. “Char's Landing is a community,” they said. “It's not Charlene that was nominated. I'm grateful for my staff and volunteers…and the community that joins us on a regular basis.”
Rick Geddes, deputy chief for the Sproat Lake Volunteer Fire Department, earned the Special Recognition award. They were also nominated in the Health and Wellness category. “He's very much a community man,” said Terry Deakin of INEO, which sponsored the award.
“He cares about the health of our community.”
Naomi Nicholson won the Women Leadership award for the work they have done with their Secluded Wellness Centre. They thanked the chamber of commerce for putting on the annual awards.
“These awards are so important because a lot of the work people do, you don't see tangible results,” they said.
One person who was truly surprised at winning an award was master of ceremonies David Wiwchar, who was kept in the dark about their honour despite announcing the evening's program. Wiwchar was awarded Volunteer of the Year for all the years they have put into the Port Alberni Toy Run, including the last seven as chairperson.
Guest speaker Val Litwin, president of the BC Chamber of Commerce, congratulated the Alberni Valley business community for its strength. “It's such an incredible signal that this Valley is diversifying,” they said of the nominees, calling the business atmosphere “ambitious.”
“I get a sense your community is really at a tipping point,” they said.
Alberni Valley Chamber of Commerce president Brad Minton said the awards represented a group of people fulfilling their dreams and passions. “These people pour out their blood, sweat and tears to make their organizations and their community a better place.”
The list of 2018 winners:
Health and Wellness— Ahimsa Yoga, Jan Norman
Spirit of Music—Char's Landing
Special Recognition—Rick Geddes, deputy chief, Sproat Lake Volunteer Fire Dept.
Women Leadership—Naomi Nicholson, Secluded Wellness Centre
Social Media—Electron Metalworks
Green Award—Alberni Aquarium and Stewardship Centre
Welcoming Workplace—Azalea Flowers and Gifts
Chamber Award—Sonja Drinkwater
Volunteer of the Year—David Wiwchar, Port Alberni Toy Run
Customer Service—Pacific Rim Veterinary Hospital
Ambassador of Service—Shauna Jasken, Gone Fishin'
Tourism/Hospitality—China Creek Campground
Business Investment—EM Salon and Spa
Youth of the Year—Brandi Andreeff, Laurel Davidson, Malaika Stone, Aaron Badovinac
Rising Star—Aaron Colyn, Twin City Brewing
Business Excellence—Naesgaard's Farm Market
Visionary—100-plus Women Who Care Alberni
Citizen of the Year—Dewayne Parfitt
editor@albernivalleynews.com
A surprised Sonja Drinkwater makes their way to the podium to accept the Chamber Award for all the years they have spent covering social events in the Alberni Valley. SUSAN QUINN PHOTO
Pam Fong, left, of Azalea Flowers and Gifts, celebrates winning the Welcoming Workplace award with employees at the 2018 Community Excellence Awards. Fong and their husband, Lyndon Cassell (also a pro photographer) have employed three people through the Port Alberni Association for Community Living. SUSAN QUINN PHOTO
Naomi Nicholson, owner of Secluded Wellness Centre, is happy to accept their 2018 Community Excellence Award for Women Leadership from Lisa Corlazzoli of the See Group, April 20 at the Italian Hall. SUSAN QUINN PHOTO
AFTER their harrowing fairway encounter with a goose, an American high school golfer may want to take a quack at another sport.
Isaac Couling of Concord High School was chased and up-ended by an angry goose at a golf tournament on the weekend. The incident was caught on camera by Devon Pitts, the parent of another golfer, and the photos quickly went viral.
The Detroit News reported that Couling didn't remember their final score for the round, but they said: "I did par that hole."
No thanks to anyone else, though.
"No one came to help," Couling laughed. "All the coaches saw it from the clubhouse. You could see it from there.
"It's pretty crazy. All my friends were talking about it."
The goose raised a squawk with Couling as they and their group were walking down the fairway on the seventh hole.
"They were aware of a goose nest on their left, which they were looking at but not bothering when from behind them and to the right came the guard goose (protecting the nest)," Blissfield High golf coach Steven Babbitt said, according to The Los Angeles Times.
After Blissfield Athletics shared the photos on Twitter, The PGA of America shared in a post: "Though geese can be beautiful when watching them fly in flocks, the truth is they can be a real nuisance to golfers. And that's without them attacking golfers."
Blissfield Athletics' Twitter post of the photos received more than 37,000 likes and nearly 15,000 retweets, prompting PGA.com to chase down the woman behind the lens.
"I'm not going to lie, I was laughing quite hard after the attack was over," Pitts said. "Isaac spoke with me after the match. I showed them the pictures and we just laughed.
"This is unbelievable the attention this is getting. I wish Issac had hit a hole-in-one instead."
Help you? Nah, you're on your own, buddy.
Medic!
Ontario
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has threatened to “walk away” from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) if they cannot secure the right deal for their country and talks with Washington on modernizing the pact fail.
“The negotiations are complex and challenging … I've said many times, we are not going to take any old deal,” Trudeau said on Friday. “Canada is willing to walk away from NAFTA if the United States proposes a bad deal.”
“We will not be pushed around. At the same time we can remain confident about NAFTA,” the Canadian prime minister said, warning that it would be “extremely harmful and disruptive” to both the United States and Canada if Washington withdrew from the deal.
NAFTA is a trade treaty among the US, Canada and Mexico, dating back to 1994.
US President Donald Trump has called NAFTA the “single worst trade deal ever approved” by the US and claimed that it has led to the outsourcing of thousands of jobs from the US to Mexico and China.
The three parties to NAFTA agreed in July last year to hold seven rounds of talks to renegotiate the deal; however, little progress has been made on key issues.—Agencies
Rawalpindi
Leh Management Plan has been devised to save a large population residing along the banks of Nullah Leh from dengue outbreak, said Deputy District Health Officer Health Dr Amir Sheikh here Monday.
Chairing a meeting to review anti-dengue arrangements, they said with the cooperation of Waste Management Company survey is being carried out in areas adjacent to Nullah Leh.
According to plan the cleanliness of leh would be carried out twice a year, firstly in April before monsoon season and secondly in September to control the dengue larvae breeding.
The DDO informed that disposal of garbage in Leh would be stopped and huge containers would be placed in the catchment area of the nullah.
Dr Amir said that surveillance of the border areas of the federal capital has been completed and special focus is being given to areas adjacent to Leh as garbage thrown in the Nullah is a major source of dengue spread.
They said special anti-dengue teams are being deputed in 15 union councils of the city located along the banks of Leh.—APP
New Delhi: IIT-Kharagpur professor Rajeev Kumar, who was given compulsory retirement after they exposed flaws in the IIT entrance exam, can now have a sigh of relief, courtesy former President Pranab Mukherjee.
Days before they demitted office last month, Mukherjee had ordered setting aside of the penalty imposed on Kumar.
The HRD Ministry had last week issued orders to the IIT- Kharagpur Director to comply with Mukherjee's decision.
"I am directed to refer to the appeal dated September 3, 2014 filed by professor Rajeev Kumar and to say that the President of India, in their capacity as the Visitor of IIT- Kharagpur,...Has set aside the penalty of compulsory retirement imposed on him," read the HRD Ministry order.
Kumar, when contacted, refused to comment on the issue.
IIT-Kharagpur had suspended Kumar for "misconduct" in May 2011 — the same year the Supreme Court had lauded them as a "unsung hero" for their efforts to reform the IIT Joint Entrance Examination (JEE), which has since been re-christened as JEE Advanced.
They were accused of "damaging the reputation of the institute" by levelling allegations on issues ranging from irregularities in the purchase of laptops to rampant copying by students during examinations.
The institute set up a probe panel that found them guilty. In 2014, the IIT decided to hand them compulsory retirement.
Kumar, who alleged that the panel was biased, moved the Delhi High Court and obtained a stay on the IIT's decision. They also appealed to the President requesting that the decision be quashed.
The appeal against the retirement order has been pending in the Delhi High Court.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Last week it was revealed that Cambridgeshire is one of the worst place in the country for bed blocking - and now the county is anticipating a review of its health system.
Bed blocking - also known as "delayed transfer of care" - is what happens when a patient who doctors have said is fit to leave is still occupying a hospital bed.
It's a problem not only for the patients directly affected, but for the hospital as a whole, pushing up waiting times and meaning there are fewer beds available for people who might need them.
In March this year, there was so much demand on Addenbrooke's A&E department that it was forced to close temporarily .
Review of the system expected
Cambridgeshire is likely to be included in an upcoming round of Care Quality Commission (CQC) reviews into health services, to be announced in May.
At a county council health and wellbeing board meeting today (April 24), councillors agreed to prepare for a possible review.
Cllr Susan Van de Ven asked if a review would help highlight local issues such as problems with recruitment and the high cost of accommodation for staff.
They said these were putting people off NHS work and making the bed blocking situation worse.
Cllr Sue Ellington wanted assurance that the board would not spend too many valuable resources responding to a review instead of working to improve the situation.
Cllr Peter Topping said a review from the CQC could help to improve services, but they said the board should not lose sight of how bed blocking affected the individuals, particularly the elderly, who relied on the service.
“The report doesn't really make any reference to the impact on people,” said Cllr Topping. “Do we understand the impact of delayed transfers of care on people, particularly on the elderly, as well as the requirement of just hitting the numbers?”
The committee heard that delayed transfers of care had a profound effect, and that people deteriorate "mentally and physically" the longer they stay in hospital.
Cambridgeshire's poor record on bed blocking
A report published last week said the county was among the worst performing authorities nationally . Today the health and wellbeing board heard that improving the situation was a priority.
Updated figures show Cambridgeshire has improved since the report was published last week, but is still in the second worst quartile in the country.
Figures published by the council this week show the authority has moved up to 94th place out of 152 local authorities for its response to delayed transfers of care. This compares to the ranking of 131st out of 152 which they were given in February. Despite the improvements, there were calls for more to be done to improve the situation.
The board heard that “bed blocking” was a symptom of deeper problems in the health system such as issues recruiting and retaining staff (particularly from the EU), and problems finding home care for patients to be transferred into after they are ready to be discharged from hospital.
Charlotte Black, service director for adults and safeguarding at Cambridgeshire County Council said: “This is a system issue. We are responsible for these people. A huge amount of work is going in to addressing this, and it is a high priority on everyone's agenda.”
They added that there should be a focus on helping people to lead healthier lives and to avoid having to be admitted to hospital in the first place.
They added: “I think there is a risk we think too much about how we get people out of hospital quickly whereas we should be thinking about how to stop people going into hospital in the first place. ‘Admission avoidance' is the wrong term to use, but it is about looking at what we can do to help people avoid having to go into hospital.”
Cllr Susan Van de Ven, who sits on the health and wellbeing board, said: “It is obvious people are working hard everywhere to firefight this.”
League Two: Portsmouth 1 Luton Town 0
All teams have a bogey side and Luton's continues to be in the blue of Portsmouth after yet another defeat on the south coast this afternoon.
Going into the contest, the Hatters had taken just two points from their five previous meetings against Pompey since returning to the Football League, while losing six from seven trips to Fratton Park, with only last season's bore draw going against the grain.
With no victory since 1975, the visitors were made to pay for a timid first half display, in which star midfielder Cameron McGeehan was stretchered off, with Christian Burgess' close range header ending Luton's long run of clean sheets on their travels, as they made it an unwanted seven losses from eight.
To their credit, Hatters picked up considerably in the second half, and deserved a point for their efforts, denied by the woodwork and a glaring miss from Jonathan Smith.
Luton boss Nathan Jones made just two changes from the New Year's Eve victory over Barnet, with Dan Potts injured and Alan Sheehan missing out too, James Justin and Alex Gilliead coming in, as Town reverted to the diamond which had seen off the Bees.
A bright and entertaining opening was then truncated by a lengthy injury to McGeehan on 15 minutes as they slid in on Michael Doyle and was immediately writhing around in agony.
They needed a good 10 minutes of treatment, while in that time, was bafflingly booked for hitting the ground in frustration, while was mercilessly and downright disgracefully jeered by the home supporters before and during being stretchered off.
Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu came on in their place, as the game started to open up, Gareth Evans over from range for Pompey, Smith following suit, despite having time and space to hit the target.
Carl Baker missed their kick from a low cross as Pompey finally got round the back of Town's defence, with Kyle Bennett not missing by much either.
However the hosts then took the lead on 31 minutes after Bennett robbed O'Donnell of the ball deep in Hatters to win a set-piece.
It was swung in with pace by Baker, as Christian Burgess beat Christian Walton to the punch, ending Luton's record of 402 minutes since conceding on their travels in League Two, dating back over two months when Ollie Palmer scored for Leyton Orient on October 15.
From there, Luton couldn't ever really look to trouble David Forde, bar the odd cross from deep, as sub Mpanzu would often take a heavy touch just as an opportunity looked like presenting itself, with attacking moves continually breaking down in the final third.
Captain Cuthbert was on hand with a superbly timed sliding challenge to prevent Evans from making it 2-0, with Burgess heading narrowly wide in the seven minutes of injury time played.
In the second period, Pompey almost had an immediate second has another dangerous set-piece was met by Evans, who headed straight at Walton.
The visitors then were a whisker away from levelling on 53 minutes as Burgess missed Cook's hopeful punt forward, and Hylton raced clear to sublimely chip Forde, only to see their effort cruelly bounce off the bar and away.
Jones brought on Olly Lee and Isaac Vassell for Gilliead and Cook, as Hatters fans finally started to believe they could mount a fight back, Smith's volley gathered in by Forde.
The recently recalled midfielder then missed the chance of the match on 65 minutes as they raced into the box after some superb work by Hylton, wriggling round their man on the byline man and laying it on a plate for Smith, but faced with an open goal, they somehow got it all wrong, skewing well wide.
Lee's wonderful ball out wide picked out Justin, who cut in from the left an unleashed a fierce effort parried behind by Forde, as Town were the hampered for the final 20 minutes when Hylton took a blow to the back.
Hatters' leading scorer had to stay on despite motioning to go off as Jones had already rung all the changes, although Hylton was reduced to playing the game at a walking pace for the remainder, such was their limited movement.
Despite all their territory and moments late on, Luton just couldn't create a chance as good as Smith's and almost fell to a even more flattering defeat late on, when Lee felled Noel Hunt in the area.
Gary Roberts stepped up only to blaze over the top, as Hatters remained in the fixture, but try as they might, there was to be no late equaliser, consigning Hatters to yet another defeat at Fratton Park.
Pompey: David Forde, Enda Stevens, Danny Rose (Amine Linganzi 82), Matt Clarke, Christian Burgess, Carl Baker (Noel Hunt 80), Michael Doyle (C), Michael Smith, Kai Naismith, Kyle Bennett (Gary Roberts 68), Gareth Evans.
Subs not used: Liam O'Brien, Milan Lalkovic, Jack Whatmough, Conor Chaplin.
Hatters: Christian Walton, Stephen O'Donnell, Johnny Mullins, Scott Cuthbert (C), James Justin, Glen Rea, Jonathan Smith, Cameron McGeehan (Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu 20), Alex Gilliead (Isaac Vassell 54), Jordan Cook (Olly Lee 54), Danny Hylton.
Subs not used: Craig King, Jack Marriott, Josh McQuoid, Jack Senior.
Attendance: 17,402 (1,547 from Luton).
Booked: McGeehan 15, Smith 41, Vassell 65, Forde 86, Hunt 90, Mpanzu 90.
Referee: Tim Robinson.
Hatters MOM: Scott Cuthbert. Captain continues to rise to the occasion.
RING RING: Abba was on the songlist when Cathy Gordon and the Headliners Chorus sang at the Robert Channon Winery in Stanthorpe, where they challenged the men of High Altitude Harmony from Toowoomba to the Battle of the Barbershop.
WHEN the Headliners Chorus perform, these ladies pull out all the stops and put on a show.
Cathy Gordon and the Headliners Chorus are back from their concert at the Robert Channon Winery in Stanthorpe, where they challenged the men of High Altitude Harmony from Toowoomba to the Battle of the Barbershop.
However, with two such talented groups showcasing their talents, the real winners were the highly appreciative members of the audience who responded with rounds of enthusiastic applause after each set with a standing ovation at the end of their performances.
A draw was declared.
Nola McQuade from Headliners said High Altitude Harmony mesmerised the crowd with their competition songs.
"They sang Mona Lisa with haunting and passionate harmony and a rousing rendition of I Can't Give You Anything But Love,” they said.
"All the songs in their repertoire had a perfect blend of Barbershop four-part harmony.”
Ms McQuade said the Headliners had resurrected their Abba costumes and sang a selection of songs by the Swedish quartet with the showmanship that they are known for.
"Cathy had the audience participating in both the singing and the choreography,” they said.
"Their first set was performed in Roaring 20s outfits with songs ranging from the Carpenters and Queen to Broadway musical selections, bringing the audience to tears with Bring Him Home from Les Miserables.”
Then the Headliners continued their lyrical road-trip by singing their way from Stanthorpe to Ballina and Lismore.
Plans are already under way for the Headliners to host High Altitude Harmony in a combined concert in the Ballina area.
Bookings for the Headliners are filling up fast as we approach the festive season so please call Rita at 0412 448 558.
For more information check the web site http://www.headlinerschorus.info/
March 19 (UPI) -- Bell Helicopter has been awarded a contract by the U.S. Navy for three Bell 407 variant commercial airframes in support of the MQ-8 Fire Scout unmanned aerial system.
The deal, announced Friday by the Department of Defense, is valued at more than $9.8 million under the terms of an indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contract.
The agreement between Naval Air Systems Command and Bell Helicopter Textron Inc. enables the company to provide up to three Bell 407 variant commercial airframes and associated Bell 407 unique components, the Pentagon said.
Additionally, the contract will provide for preservation and storage of the MQ-8 Fire Scout, a Northrop Grumman-manufactured unmanned autonomous helicopter used for reconnaissance, aerial fire support and other naval missions.
Work on the contract will occur in Ozark, Ala., and is expected to be complete in December 2020.
No funds will be obligated to Bell Helicopter Textron Inc., at time of award, the Pentagon said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A grieving family have paid tribute to a woman who was found stabbed to death in a Bristol flat.
Tracy Bowen was found dead at a flat in Rowan House in Hartcliffe on Saturday, November 25.
A post-mortem revealed that Tracy had been stabbed to death.
(Image: Dave Betts)
Them family paid tribute to the 52-year-old, and said: "Tracy was an angel without wings and had the heart of an angel.
"She will be truly missed, and they will be in our hearts forever.
"Tracy was taken from us too soon, and as a family we have a long road to travel.
"We will never forget Tracy, a sister and a mother.
"God bless you Tracy, please rest in peace. We love you with all our hearts."
A man and a woman have been charged with murder.
Rebecca Kerr was due to appear at Bristol Magistrates Court today (Monday, December 11). The 35-year-old of Rowan House in Bishport Avenue is in custody.
Steven Jones, 35 and of the same address, was also charged with murder and was also due before Bristol magistrates.
A second 35-year-old man who was arrested in connection with the police inquiry was released without charge.
WWE News: Road Warrior Animal apologises after going on racist rant over Grammys
Road Warrior Animal was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2011 as a part of the legendary tag team, the Road Warriors.
by Suyash Maheshwari News 15 Feb 2017, 10:11 IST
Road Warrior Animal comes from an era where racial slurs were acceptable
What's the story?
WWE Hall of Famer Joe Laurinaitis, popularly known as Road Warrior Animal recently took to their Facebook page to let their feelings known about the various political statements that were made at the Grammys by the Hip-Hop group, A Tribe Called Quest.
The rant ended up turning into a racist rant that slammed people of colour. The following day, after realising their mistake, Animal issued an apology for their rant which is now deleted from their page.
Here's an excerpt from the said apology:
“I am a realist I should've should've chosen my words more wisely for that I apologize. I feel horrible for hurting anyones feelings. I have nothing against people of colour, I have nothing against people of Muslim faith, I have nothing against people of Mexico, I have nothing against anybody. I was just making a statement about a song that I did not like that's all.”
In case you didn't know...
The 59th edition of Grammy Award Ceremony was held on February the 12th at Staples Center, Los Angeles, California. Amongst the performances that glorified the mega event, some blatant political statements were made that were aimed at President Donald Trump and their supporters.
Also read: WWE News: ‘Road Warrior' Animal on why The New Day are special, The Ascension being compared to them and Hawk
The not-so-subtle jibes came from the Hip-Hop group, A Tribe Called Quest, after they took the stage along with Busta Rhymes to slam the President of the United States of America.
The comment made by the group did not go down well with the Hall of Famer, as they took to Facebook to let their feelings known.
“Once again Rappers ruin the Grammys with that stupid song with words like resist and no one can tell you what to do. Having people of color Muslim and Mexican come on stage, are you that stupid and can not see that where all the drugs are coming from the southern borders or all the Radical Islamic that promote death to America? Really well legends it's your relative using those drugs is getting killed by terrorists then you will get it. Insulting performance!”
The heart of the matter
The comments made by Animal resulted in a worldwide backlash as people flocked to their page criticising them for their inappropriate remarks.
Animal soon realised the consequences of their actions and deleted the controversial post before issuing a public apology the very next day.
What's next?
Joe Laurinaitis is the brother of John Laurinaitis, who is employed by the WWE as an on-air personality. Joe, himself, is currently a part of a lawsuit against the WWE.
Sportskeeda's Take
While the statement issued by Laurinaitis was inappropriate in nature, their change of heart did subdue some angry fans. The Hall of Famer presented their anger in the wrong way and we hope they have learnt a valuable lesson from this unfortunate incident.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
(Image: Copyright (c) 2011 Shutterstock. No use without permission.)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tucked between the cold nights of winter and the falling leaves of autumn we have Halloween - a time of celebration and superstition.
But where did the spooky day come from and why do we celebrate it?
The spookiest time of the year isn't just a time for kids to dress up and trick or treat.
It's thought Halloween started with the ancient Celtic festival of Samhain, when people would wear costumes and roam to ward of ghosts, but it's down to Pope Gregory III's decree in the eight century that we celebrate it as we do.
Why do we celebrate Halloween?
Samhain (sow-in) marked the end of summer and the harvest and heralded in the colder months. Celts believed that on the night before the new year the boundaries between world of the living and the dead become blurred.
Traditionally people wore costumes, animal skins and heads and attempted to tell each other's fortunes. By 43 AD the Roman Empire had conquered most of the Celtic territory and over the years of their reign they combined their festivals with the Celtic's.
The first was Feralia, a day late in October where Romans marked the passing of the dead. The second was Pomona, the Roman goddess of fruits and trees. The symbol for Pomona is an apple - and people see this as the reason "bobbing apples" became a tradition associated with Halloween.
It was in 609 AD that Christianity changed the festival to add praying for the dead.
The Pope designated November 1 as a time to honour the saints and martyrs, a holiday that became known as All Saints Day. The day took on some of the Samhain traditions. The evening became known as All Hallows Eve - Halloween.
The next day, November 2, is All Souls Day, when the dead are remembered. To Christians, All Souls Day is a time for people to pray for the dead. The tradition was based on the idea of purgatory - a stage between heaven and hell. It also begins 'the month of the dead', which takes place in November in the Christian tradition.
It was thought Christians were trying to make the day a sanctioned Church holiday but All Souls Day kept many of the Samhain traditions.
Over time it's become a secular festival best known for children donning costumes and masks to scare others witless and garner treats. Of course, the tradition made it's way to America. By the nineteenth century, with the influx of immigrants, Halloween took over most of the country. America's would visit neighbours and ask for food which later became known as "trick or treating".
(Image: Aldi)
While Halloween went out of fashion in the 1800s and was seen as a pagan belief, it wasn't long before it returned and became what we know and celebrate today.
Around the world, many countries have their own weird Halloween traditions - and some of them are downright bizarre - and there's no end of urban myths designed to freak you out.
We have rounded up some terrifying Halloween tales as well as the origins behind some of the most well known traditions on October 31.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
10 Halloween facts to spook you out
1. Dress up and scare off the evil spirits
(Image: Getty)
You might think putting on a mask is just for the kids, but it was actually adopted by pagans in the community during Samhain to scare off evil spirits.
What started out as animal skins and heads has turned into something a little less gruesome now.
It was hoped that wandering spirits seeing people in their weird disguises would assume they were also spirits - and let them go free.
2. Jack O'Lanterns were originally made from turnips
(Image: Museum of Country Life)
The British tradition of carving a scary face into a vegetable was originally done with turnips.
When Irish immigrants took the idea of the Jack O'Lantern to America, they started using pumpkins, because they were cheaper than turnips.
The legend of Stingy Jack inspired the carving.
They trapped the Devil, only letting them go on the condition that Jack would never go to Hell.
However, when they died, Jack learned that Heaven was out due to their devilish dealings, so they were condemned to wander the earth as a ghost for all eternity.
Gifted Jack a lump of burning coal by the Devil, Jack carried it round in a carved-out turnip to light theirs way.
3. Halloween decoration or a real live body - people have made mistakes
(Image: Getty)
You might think that the skeleton decorations are all a bit of fun, but in 2012, a mail carrier thought a corpse was part of the Halloween display - but it was actually the resident of the house, who had died.
Dale Porch was coming back from working the overnight shift on November 2, when they collapsed on the porch steps.
The 46-year-old's family was distraught and felt the mail carrier should have done something.
4. If you bite into a Halloween cake and hit a thimble, you'll be unlucky in love
(Image: Getty)
Part of the Halloween tradition in colonial America involved the baking of a Halloween cake.
Bakers would hide various things in the cake to tell the future. A thimble was a symbol of bad luck with the ladies or gentlemen.
Also, presumably, a sign that you've got a costly visit to the dentist in your near future.
5. 'Punkie Night' - Somerset's own deeply creepy Halloween celebration
The villages of Hinton St George and Lopen in Somerset have their very own twist on Halloween, and it's dead creepy.
Historically, the tradition involved children marching around with jack o'lanterns - or 'punkies' - begging for candles and money, and threatening those who wouldn't cough up. So far, so trick-or-treat, right?
Well, what makes it extra sinister, is the fact that this band of marauding youngsters is generally led by a Punkie King and Punkie Queen - and they sing a song.
The song goes:
"It's Punkie Night tonight
"It's Punkie Night tonight
"Adam and Eve would not believe
"It's Punkie Night tonight."
And here's how it sounds - as performed by Carl Turney and Brian Campbell from the band Clinic.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Shudder.
6. Michael Myers' mask in the movie Halloween was the face of William Shatner
Since the film had an incredibly low budget, the prop department on horror classic Halloween had to dress serial killer Michael Myers in the cheapest mask they could find in their local fancy dress shop.
Turns out that was a mask of William Shatner, which cost them the princely sum of $2.
They modified it a bit, spray painted it white and made it a bit scarier and it became one of the iconic images of horror cinema.
The cheapo slasher went on to take $70m at the worldwide box office, more than 215 times its $325,000 budget. That makes it the most profitable film ever to feature William Shatner's face, beating Star Trek II and Miss Congeniality.
Shatner also claims to have gone trick-or-treating in the mask of their own face.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
7. If you're in Germany on Halloween, hide the knives
They celebrate Halloween in Germany, but as a time to honour and respect the dead.
One tradition is to hide all the knives in the house, for fear that returning spirits might injure themselves on any knives that are left out.
There are a number of logical problems with this tradition - not least of which is that ghosts tend to be dead already, so how much damage can a knife realistically do? But if you start applying logic to the idea of the dead walking the Earth...
8. If you're in Italy, you can enjoy the Beans of the Dead
In Italy they have a traditional Halloween recipe, which is kind of an oval cookie a bit like a macaron. It's called Fave dei Morti, which roughly translates as Beans of the Dead.
Beans of the Dead sounds like the great lost George A Romero zombie movie nobody's been waiting for.
poll loading Would you eat the 'Beans of the Dead' 0+ VOTES SO FAR Sure, they look like macarons The beans of the what now? Ew, no. I imagine they'll be all squishy and rotten No thanks, I'm trying to avoid carbs
9. Chances are, if your trick-or-treat sweets have been poisoned, a family member did it
There are all kinds of urban myths about the mean old crone or crazed madman in the tumble-down shack slipping poison or dangerous items into cakes and candy for the unsuspecting cherubs who knock on their door on Halloween.
In reality almost every case of Halloween candy tampering has been performed by a family member.
For example, there was the case of Ronald O'Bryan, who laced their son's sweets with cyanide in Texas in 1974. Or the case in Detroit in 1970, where 5-year-old Kevin Toston died of a heroin overdose after they found their uncle's stash of the drug. Their family later sprinkled heroin over their Halloween candy to try and protect their uncle.
In the cases of foreign objects hidden in sweets - like needles or razor blades - all but a handful have been hoaxes, or the media jumping on a story which turned out to be untrue.
There was, however, the case in Manchester of a 23-year-old man who was giving out baggies of cocaine to kids instead of sweets - though they didn't hide it in any sweets, police said he'd given the items "in error."
10. Urban myths come from somewhere - probably your home town
Like the one about the poisoned sweets, urban myths are rife and Halloween seems the perfect time to share them.
A modern-day fairytale complete with nastiness, an urban legend is a form of modern folklore consisting of fictional stories with macabre elements deeply rooted in local popular culture.
The scariest urban legends
Mashable asked for the scariest urban legends in 140 characters or fewer, and they weren't dsappointed. Here are our favourites.
Hays High Cheerleaders will be hosting a “Cheer Up & Paint” event on April 29 from 6 to 8 p.m. at the Hays High School Cafeteria, where the community will be offered to come and express their creative side with painting of either stemware or mug glasses while enjoying snacks and refreshments.
The event is come and go as you please during the time frames. It's a great opportunity to spend some time with friends and family or to create that special gift for Mother's Day, graduation, Father's Day or even an upcoming birthday.
Pre-sale tickets are $20 per person and can be purchased from any Cheerleader/Yell Leader until April 18.
The night of the event tickets will be sold at the door for $25.
All proceeds assist in the cost to send the squads to the 2017 Shrine Bowl Cheer Camp where they will also be involved in the Shrine Bowl Parade and cheer at the 2017 Shrine Bowl football game on July 29 at the BG Products Sports Complex at Butler County Community College in El Dorado.
Contact Sara Campbell at scampbell@usd489.com for ticket information.
ISLAMABAD :The Supreme Court Tuesday served notices to former presidents, General (r) Pervez Musharraf, Asif Ali Zardari, former Attorney-General Justice (r) Malik Mohammed Qayyum and the National Accountability Bureau. A three-judge bench led by Chief Justice Mian Saqib Nisar issued the notices after preliminary hearing in a plea moved by Feroze Shah Gilani in connection with National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO). During course of proceedings, Gilani pleaded before the bench that the NRO caused a loss of billions of rupees. Chief Justice asked the petitioner as to the purpose of the petition, observing that the Supreme Court had already declared the NRO null and void.However, the court issued notices to the respondents seeking their replies and adjourned furtherhearing of the case for a month.
Orignally published by APP
On This Day - Jay-Jay Okocha is born
Bolton legend Jay-Jay Okocha turns 44 today: a look back at their time there under Sam Allardyce
Augustine Azuka "Jay-Jay" Okocha
When Jay Jay Okocha travelled to the 2002 World Cup, they were without a club. Their contract as Paris Saint Germain had ended, and there was no chance they were going to be hanging around Parc des Princes when they came back from Japan.
Okocha was man of the match when Nigeria drew with England in the Nagai Stadium in Osaka.
It was June 12th and their final Group F game. It was also their only point and the end of their tournament.
The future looked bleak for Nigeria's captain, the player had moved from Fenerbahce four years previously for £10m; making them Nigeria's most expensive footballer ever.
But on £80,000 a week and PSG in desperate need to trim their outgoings, they offered them a new deal, but on reduced wages. Unsurprisingly they rejected and traveled to Japan.
Six days after their country's elimination, Okocha signed for Sam Allardyce's Bolton Wanderers. The deal wasn't as straight forward as might have been expected, considering they were allowed move for free from PSG.
Their wage demands at the time were reported to be in the region of £3.3m a season. A deal was eventually struck though, and they signed a two-year deal.
They had it on good advice, what they were coming into in the Premier League. International teammates had plied their trade there and were able to offer insight. Taribo West had a sojourn there in the early 2000's. Nwankwo Kanu was a cult hero at Arsenal.
So when Jay Jay Okocha, who turns 44 on Monday, moved to Bolton, they knew what they were walking into. And they also knew they were more than capable of fitting in.
Allardyce had assembled a team of apparent cast-offs. Ivan Campo came in on loan from Real Madrid. Youri Djorkaeff, adroit and capable, had come in from Kaiserlautern, the same year they retired from French international duty.
For all the flair that such players brought there was genuine steel too. Midfielder Stig Tofting protected their defense with energy and edge. Underrated players like Gareth Farrelly, added balance to the flair that Allardyce had introduced.
In Okocha's case, it was more than their dexterity and vision that they added to the set-up. Experienced, smart and with a genuine football mind that could anticipate as well as react, they stood out. But they were also an individual who knew the relevance and importance of contributing to the teams cause.
Deeply religious – they were given their own hotel room when the team traveled so they could pray without distraction - they were always quick to focus on the collective. In an interview ahead of the 2004 League Cup Final against Middlesbrough {which they lost} they said "When I was in Paris I was at a big club in a major city, but nobody really cared about each other. It didn't have that family feeling, I didn't see any team spirit. Here, everyone gets along. There are different people, different departments, but all working together with a common aim."
That Okocha won little silverware, comes secondary to the memory of a player who was capable of getting out of dead-end situations on the pitch with adroit touches that were imaginative.
But more than imagination, they worked at their game. And one other trait that is often related to Okocha is their smile. Always smiling. Always working. Always giving to those around.
TOKYO - A strong earthquake has shaken northeastern Japan off the coast of Fukushima, the region hit by a massive quake and tsunami in 2011 that triggered a nuclear plant meltdown, but there are no reports of damage or injuries.
The Japan Meteorological Agency said there is no danger of a tsunami. It said the quake struck at about midnight Friday and measured a preliminary magnitude of 5.9. It said it was centred about 50 kilometres below the ocean's surface.
The shaking was felt 240 kilometres away in Tokyo, Japan's capital. Public broadcaster NHK said local trains stopped temporarily for safety checks but then resumed service.
The utility that operates the wrecked Fukushima nuclear plant said it is conducting safety checks.
Musical Stage calls itself “the leading not-for-profit musical theatre company in the city and across the country,” an ambition it aims to underline with its new name.
With the help of a $1-million creative capital campaign, the company is doubling its production budget and expanding its performance schedule, including teaming up with Mirvish Productions to bring the Tony Award-winning Fun Home to Toronto.
Acting Up Stage Company, which was founded 13 years ago, has changed its name to the Musical Stage Company and it aspires to make Canada a leader in musical theatre.
“I am so proud of how we have been able to impact musical theatre in Toronto since our establishment in 2004. But there is more work to be done,” artistic and managing director Mitchell Marcus said in the release.
The company's 2017-18 season opens in May with Onegin, an original Canadian musical co-created by Amiel Gladstone and Veda Hille, co-authors of Do You Want What I Have Got? A Craigslist Cantata. Following its Toronto run, the show will open the mainstage season at the National Arts Centre.
Next up is Life After, an expanded version of the 2016 Toronto Fringe Festival hit by Britta Johnson, co-writer of the immersive Sheridan College musicalBrantwood. It's onstage Sept. 23 to Oct. 22 in a co-production with Canadian Stage and Yonge Street Theatricals.
Johnson also becomes the company's inaugural Crescendo Series artist, which comes with a three-year residency and a commitment from Musical Stage to produce three of their new musicals.
Also in the fall, Musical Stage continues its annual UnCovered concert series, with Brent Carver, Melissa O'Neil, Sara Farb and Andrew Penner singing the songs of Bob Dylan and Bruce Springsteen, Nov. 14 to 16.
In 2018, the company brings Fun Home to the Off-Mirvish season. Adapted from Alison Bechdel's 2006 graphic memoir by Lisa Kron and Jeanine Tesori, Fun Home won five Tonys in 2015, including Best Musical.
Running April 13 to May 6, 2018, it will be the first local musical production featured in the Off-Mirvish program and will include an all-Canadian cast, Musical Stage said.
Robert McQueen, who worked with Mirvish on Mamma Mia!, will direct.
Under its old name, Musical Stage produced Canadian premieres of shows such as Caroline, or Change, The Light in the Piazza, Grey Gardens and, most recently, Tony winner Passing Strange.
Besides expanding its performances, Musical Stage says it will triple development initiatives and support to Canadian musical creators, and quadruple free youth training. New programs include:
The Aubrey & Marla Dan Fund for New Musicals, funded with a gift from the Aubrey & Marla Dan Charitable Foundation, will make a $25,000-a-year investment for three years in commissioning new Canadian musicals.
The existing One Song Glory program, which offers free training to young Ontarians, will launch a single-day satellite program in various Ontario communities.
Make Me a Song is a partnership with the Regent Park School of Music in which eight Canadian composers are commissioned to write original choral compositions based on the stories of youth in Regent Park School of Music choirs. These songs become the annual curriculum for the choir.
Go to MusicalStageCompany.com for information.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Southampton owner Katharina Liebherr has announced that the Premier League have entered into a partnership with Chinese business person Jisheng Gao and their family.
Saints confirmed the news in an open letter to supporters on Monday, saying Mr Gao shares the club's 'values and ambitions'.
The letter said: "I am pleased to confirm that talks to bring in a new partner to our club have been concluded.
"Following extensive and fruitful work, we are entering into a partnership with the Gao family and I am excited about what we will achieve together.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
"Today is the start of a new and exciting chapter for our club. Mr Jisheng Gao and their daughter, Mrs Nelly Gao, with whom I have built a close relationship, share our values and ambitions. As a team, we will strive to build upon the strong foundation that is in place towards sustainable long-term success.
"Mr Gao, Nelly and I have full trust in Ralph Krueger and their management team. We wholeheartedly support their plans to follow the Southampton Way in the years ahead.
"But for now it is business as usual at Southampton Football Club and we must allow everyone at the club to focus on the first few weeks of the new season.
"I would like to thank the passionate supporters of the club for their ongoing loyalty and faith, and I look forward to seeing you soon at St Mary's.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
"We March On."
Mr Gao added: "I am honoured and humbled to become a partner of Southampton Football Club alongside Katharina Liebherr, who, together with their father, has been such a great flight attendant of the club, its growth and success.
"Together, we have the passion and motivation to build on Southampton's excellent progress in recent years as we look forward to an exciting next chapter for the club."
Mirror, Mirror, On The Wall…
By Michael Albert.
Trump is President. To avoid repeating the causes of Trump winning requires knowing what the causes were.
Liberals point at the FBI, Russian interference, the electoral college, racists and sexists, Trump voters, and also Trump haters who were too busy excoriating Clinton to urge voting against Trump. Radicals point at mainstream media, the Democratic Party, the Republican Party, the electoral system, corporate power, and neo-Nazis. Advocates for lesser evil voting point at arguers against lesser evil voting. Advocates of abstaining or voting Green everywhere point at lesser evil voters. Critics of single issue politics point at people who emphasize one or another single issue. Advocates of a single issue point at those who didn't highlight their preferred issue enough. Those who predicted Trump could win point at those who guaranteed Trump would lose. Those who guaranteed Trump would lose point at those who excoriated Trump. Those who pleaded Trump would be a disaster point at those who claimed Trump would be just another president. Those who celebrated that Trump-hating would rejuvenate radicalism point at Trump-defilers' “debilitating negativity.” Nearly all who regret Trump winning urge that we let bygones be bygones and go forward.
Consider all those who would love to write an obituary for the FBI, who know Russia's reasons of state only pursue elite benefit, who abhor the Democratic Party, who call Clinton a war criminal, who call Trump a barbarian, who warned Trump could win, who urged lesser evil voting, who offered positive aims, who fight for the entwined importance of race, gender, and class and against prioritizing any one above the rest, who seek multi-issue, multi-tactic, cross constituency and cross-border solidarity and activism, and who oppose mainstream media and support alternative media. Considering only familiar reasons, such folks were not even a partial proximate cause of Trump winning. But are there other reasons for Trump's victory to consider?
Radical leftists are not even a smidgen at fault for the rich exploiters who voted for Trump. Or for the powerful trend makers who did so. Or for the pathologically depraved on account of their being grotesquely deprived who did so. But what about that any black people voted for Trump, or that any Latinos did, or that so incredibly many white women and men voted for Trump? What caused those realities? To answer, we have to look at more than the last year.
Consider only people who for whatever reasons know quite a lot about fascism and even more about current society. Only people who are intent on winning fundamental social change around race, gender, and economy. Only people who favor anti-authoritarian approaches, who favor full classlessness, and who know the difference between Trump and Clinton. Only people who devote themselves to communicating with others about the need to win change. Only people who know a lot about popular mindsets, feelings, and motivations. Does even that group needs to reassess?
Am I circling the wagons and pointing at allies and self rather than only at more obvious causes of Trump winning? To correct our failings we must acknowledge them. But do any individuals, organizations, or outlets urge correcting their own prior failings as part of mounting an effective opposition? If everyone avoids identifying their own choices as contributions to Trump's victory, won't our own choices remain as they were?
Is finding fault with ourselves more painful than spinning nightmare scenarios of Trumpian apocalypse? More painful than piling on essay after essay documenting coming disasters to audiences who already know how horrible Trump will be? More painful than finger pointing at everyone other than ourselves? More painful than calling for unity while shrouding our own past mistakes?
1 As an anti sexist feminist I look at Trump's female vote and I ask myself, what did we do wrong over months, years, and literally a half century during which we have been trying to develop feminist awareness and commitment? Why have five decades of feminist efforts left society with so many women and men who did not cry out at Trump's obviously misogynistic intentions? Have we polarized away potential allies too often? Have we attracted potential allies, but conveyed insufficient clarity and commitment for them to stay? Were our feminist values, aims, or methods flawed? Does anyone believe that in five decades we could not have done better? Doesn't it follow that rather than bemoaning the choice of women and men who voted for Trump, we should ask what we ought to change about how we make demands and organize about gender so we attract rather than repel those who don't agree? Being morally and socially right for decades about the scope of society's gender injustices hasn't created an unstoppable tide against sexism. Perhaps we need to say more about medium and long run goals. Perhaps we need to seek feminist outcomes in ways that put off fewer potential allies and pull more constituencies more sustainably into feminist commitment. Can we find a way to talk about gender that doesn't polarize away men and neglect other social phenomena like class and race?
2 As an anti racist internationalist I look at the admittedly small numbers of low or modest income blacks and Latinos confused about Trump and I wonder how any could exist. I look at the relatively modest support from Blacks for Sanders against Clinton – which was part of the whole election turning out as it did – and I wonder how that too could exist. And while I certainly understand considerable racism still existing in various white constituencies, I see the relative lack of fury at Trump's racism, Islamophobia, and immigrant bashing, and I have to wonder, again, how can that exist? Has decades of anti racist organizing not tried often enough to reach whites who resisted the appeals due to our preaching overwhelmingly only where we already have a receptive audience? Have our messages too often failed due to their tone or substance alienating those we meant to reach? Have anti-racist communities been pursuing too narrow an understanding, thus concluding Clinton was preferable to Sanders? Have anti racist values, aims, or methods been flawed? Does anyone believe that in over a half century we could not have done better? Rather than bemoaning the choices of whites who voted for Trump, shouldn't we ask what we ought to change about how we make demands and organize about race so we attract rather than repel those who don't agree? Being morally and socially right for decades about the scope of racism's ills hasn't created an unstoppable tide against racism. Perhaps we need to say more about medium and long run goals. Can we find a way to talk and make demands about race that doesn't polarize away white people and that better accounts for other social phenomena like class and gender?
3 As an anti capitalist I look at a narcissistic billionaire bully attracting tens of millions of working class votes and I wonder how that could exist. How could five decades of anti capitalist organizing leave so many workers susceptible to Trump's rhetoric and posturing? Was it something about our substance, such as not sufficiently addressing what working people feel and experience in ways they relate to? Was it something about our approach, such as giving off hostility toward working people quite like what they daily encounter from authority figures in hospitals, courts, and workplaces? Why when working people are furious at their plight do anti capitalists have little connection to and often even little empathy for workers' rising fury? When Clinton called working class Trump supporters deplorable was they manifesting sentiments widely held on the left? What must we change about how we talk about, make demands about, and organize about class and economy so we reach those who don't yet agree? Does anyone believe that in a half century we could not have done better? Rather then bemoaning the choice of working class people who voted for Trump, shouldn't we ask what we ought to change about how we make demands and organize about class and economy so we attract rather than repel those who don't agree? Being morally and socially right for five decades about capitalism's horrors hasn't created an unstoppable tide against class oppression. Perhaps we need to say more about medium and long run goals. Perhaps we need ways to seek anti capitalist outcomes that put off fewer potential allies and pull more constituencies more sustainably into anti classist commitment. Can we talk and make demands about economy in ways that don't polarize away workers, and that don't ignore other social phenomena like gender and race? Could the issue be part style and part substance, with both parts owing to inadequately understanding the situation of workers and being too dismissive of them, and perhaps even aspiring to be above them both in the movement and in a new economy?
4 Finally, I look at progressive and left writing over the past year and I see a lot of people saying that Trump has a silver lining. Trump will galvanize us. Trump is just another ruling class lackey same as the rest. And, not voting in contested states or voting for Stein in contested states was a wise choice. I wonder how the callousness such views display toward those who will most suffer Trump's fascistic inclinations and ecological madness could exist. I wonder how such confusion about the prospects of movements trying to seek radical progress against a right wing thug rather than against a liberal woman could exist. How such views can exist for radicals immersed in left literature and activism? I wonder what those of us who knew better have done that has caused us to fail to reach the commentators who have offered such suicidal views? I wonder how months, years, or decades of involvement in radicalism could leave so many thinking such confused thoughts? I wonder what has been wrong with the accumulated sum total literature and practice of all the left's many parts, some of which I feel responsible for both as a left writer and speaker and as a left publisher, such that a good many left commentators and incredibly many young radicals could be highly versed in all that radical output and yet nonetheless hold the views many have been propounding.
Here is the bottom line. If what we each acknowledge and seek to change includes only things like FBI machinations, Russian hacking, electoral college imposition, and everything other than traits of our own, then we won't alter much of the decades long movement practices that allowed for 1-4 above to occur. But 1-4 are issues we must solve to attain lasting success in the future.
That we need to look in the mirror seems evident.
Connecticut's average gas price today is $2.48, three cents higher than this time last week. Compared to this time last year, average prices are $.24 cents higher.
Nationally, average prices have increased for 20 consecutive days with today's price of $2.41, $.02 cents higher than this time last week; and $.30 cents higher than this time last year.
Average prices typically increase this time of year with the onset of the summer drive season, warmer weather and the conversion to more expensive summer blends. This year contributing to that increase are reports of possible extended production cuts by OPEC and a decline in oil inventories that American motorists have enjoyed over the last year or so.
AAA's weekly survey of prices in Connecticut's four regional areas as follows:
Greater Bridgeport/Stamford $2.54
New Haven/Meriden $2.46
Greater Hartford $2.46
New London/Norwich $2.47
Statewide average $2.48
Today, South Carolina continues to register the lowest average in the nation at $2.13, followed by Mississippi at $2.08. Hawaii continues to lead the nation with the highest prices at $3.06, followed by California at $3.01. Connecticut has moved down to 13th place from 12th as the state with the highest prices in the nation.
AAA Northeast is a not-for-profit auto club with 61 offices in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, New Hampshire and New York, providing more than 2 million local AAA members with travel, insurance, finance, and auto-related services.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Lackawanna County Courthouse, center. (Times-Tribune File)
When workers in Scranton learn whether they will continue to pay a local services tax three times that paid by workers just about everywhere else, the decision will come from Judge John Braxton, a senior judge from Philadelphia.
The case has the potential to further complicate the Scranton government's woeful financial condition, thus affecting every Scranton taxpayer. And it directly will affect the tax bills of thousands of Lackawanna County residents, Scrantonians and suburbanites.
Because Scranton is a distressed city, state law allows it to assess a local services tax of $156 on every worker employed in Scranton, three times the $52 allowed for other municipal governments. But eight city residents contend in a lawsuit that the tripled tax is illegal because it puts the city over a total taxation cap in another law covering municipal taxation.
The plaintiffs contend that the city government's tax collections this year will be $10.6 million over the cap. If they prevail, the city will have to cover that amount through property taxes or service cuts, or both.
This is a crucial local case, but it's not the first one to be turned over to an out-of-county judge. In 2007, Judge Harold Thomson of Pike County ruled that the city government, under the distressed city law, did not have to honor arbitration awards with city unions that contradicted its recovery plan, under another section of state law. The Commonwealth Court later upheld that decision unanimously but it was reversed in 2001 by a narrow majority of the state Supreme Court, accelerating the city's financial crisis.
And recently, the entire county bench recused itself from a zoning case from Dunmore involving the proposed expansion of the Keystone Sanitary Landfill. That case is highly controversial because of the potentially massive impact of an expansion and because the dump is owned by politically influential Louis DeNaples.
Friends of Lackawanna, an advocacy group that opposes the expansion, requested the recusals and the judges complied.
Judicial independence is crucial, and conflicts of interest requiring judicial recusal sometimes are unavoidable. But the state doesn't have circuit courts with visiting judges. It has local courts with local judges.
It's hard to believe that in controversial cases, all of the county's nine full-time and two senior judges must make a hand-off to a visiting judge.
The state Supreme Court should adopt a rule requiring local judges to provide detailed, public explanations when they recuse themselves.
Zubair Qureshi
Islamabad
The Islamabad High Court (IHC) on Wednesday set aside delimitation of six more constituencies done by the Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP), making it a total of 10 constituencies (in the last two days) which are to be delimited as per the court's order.
Justice Amir Farooq, who is hearing several petitions challenging the ECP's decisions, on Wednesday set aside the delimitation of Kharan, Ghotki, Kasur, Sheikhupura, Bahawalpur and Haripur and remanded the cases back to the ECP.
On the other hand, the court also upheld the ECP's decision and dismissed petitions filed against the delimitation of Khanewal, Chiniot, Kurram Agency, Rajanpur, Mansehra, Swabi, Jacobabad, Gujranwala, Umerkot, Rahim Yar Khan, Sialkot, Bannu and Chakwal.
A day earlier on Tuesday, the IHC had set aside the delimitation of constituencies in four districts: Jehlum, Jhang, Toba Tek Singh and Lower Dir. The ECP's hearing over the contested constituencies will likely begin next week once the IHC transfers certified case files to it. The fresh delimitation of constituencies of assemblies must take place after every census — as per The Delimitation of Constituencies Act, 1974.
The challenges have been put forward by representatives of the PML-N, the PPP, Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf and others. The petitioners have objected to the delimitation arguing that the constituencies have seemingly been redrawn on political grounds. They have argued that each stakeholders objectives and stance is necessary to take into account before a constituency can be demarcated by the ECP. Justice Farooq has told the ECP that the same rules for the proportion of population must be applied in the delimitation of each constituency.
The ECP has to follow a set formula for the number of provincial and National Assembly seats that are allotted to a district. However, the final mapping within the districts remains vague and open to controversy. The court has subsequently remanded the decided cases to the ECP with a direction to the chief election commissioner (CEC) to decide on the matter after hearing all stakeholders, as is the law.
There were in total 41 petitions regarding questioning delimitation of various constituencies. Of these, four were remanded to ECP by the IHC on Tuesday, six on Wednesday while the remaining 31 are to be decided by the court in the due course of time. After the delimitation of constituencies following last year's census, 108 petitions against the delimitation of various constituencies have been filed in the IHC alone.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 6:27 am |
Said, uncle of Mohammed Abu-Khdeir, seen in front their home in Shuafat, East Yerushalayim, October 21, 2014. (Hadas Parush/Flash90)
YERUSHALAYIM - Muhammed Abu-Khdeir, the 22-year-old cousin of Mohammed Abu-Khdeir, the 16-year-old Arab teen who was burned to death in Yerushalayim in 2014, is being indicted for planning terror attacks against Israelis and security forces.
Yerushalayim prosecutors filed an indictment against Abu-Khdeir for a series of terror-related crimes, conspiracy to commit murder, illegal weapons possession and for being a member of the Popular Front terror group. Abu-Khdeir is a resident of the Shuafat neighborhood of Yerushalayim. They were arrested along with two other Shuafat residents.
The group met several times beginning in March, according to the indictment, and began planning attacks. Among other things, the gang planned to shoot at Israeli vehicles in the Shechem area, and to plant firebombs along the road that would be detonated when an Israeli vehicle passed. All along, they participated in numerous riots and rock throwing attacks against Israeli security forces.
This is not the first attempt by Abu-Khdeir to carry out a terror attack. They have been convicted three times of terror-related offenses, and has already spent a year and a half in Israeli prisons.
The attack was to be in revenge for the death of Mohammed Abu-Khdeir in 2014. Two Israeli teens and one adult were convicted of their murder, after they were charged with kidnapping and murder in the case that shocked the country, seen by many as a expression of anger over the murder of three Israeli teens whose kidnapping and murder was a catalyst of Operation Protective Edge in 2014.
The kidnapping and murder of the 16-year-old Abu-Khdeir occurred early on the morning of July 2 2014, a day after the burial of the three Israeli teens who had been kidnapped weeks before by Hamas terrorists – Naftali Frenkel (16), Gilad Sha'ar (16), and Eyal Yifrah (19), Hy”d.
The murders raised the ire of Israelis of all backgrounds, and, along with the incessant firing of rockets on Israeli communities in the Negev, was a contributing factor in the Israeli decision to fight Hamas again in Operation Protective Edge, which began on July 8. Abu-Khdeir's body was found bound and burned in a Jerusalem area forest. By July 6, police had in custody three suspects, who all confessed to the crime after several sessions of questioning.
Jerusalem
Israeli warplanes have carried out a second attack in two days against targets in the Gaza Strip that Tel Aviv alleges to belong to the Hamas resistance group.
On Saturday, the Israeli military said warplanes had struck “a Hamas compound” in the southern Gaza Strip, “after Palestinians there fired a rocket” into Israel.
There have been no reports of human or material losses from the Israeli offensive.
A day earlier, the Israeli military said its warplanes had hit a target belonging to the Palestinian resistance movement near the city of Beit Hanoun in the coastal enclave's extreme northeast.
The Friday attack took place against “a Hamas observation post,” AFP reported, citing the Israeli forces.
The alleged rocket strike was not reported to have caused any casualties or damages, but the Israeli offensive inflicted damage to some residential structures. The agency cited local resident Mohamed Abu Jarad as saying that they and their family had been forced to flee their home after the aircraft released two missiles onto the ground target.
Israel has launched several wars on the Palestinian coastal sliver, the last of which began in early July 2014. The military aggression, which ended on August 26, 2014, killed nearly 2,200 Palestinians.
West Bank developments: In a separate development on Saturday, the Palestinian Shehab News Agency posted pictures on its Twitter account showing Israeli military vehicles rolling into the city of Jenin in the north of the West Bank to arrest a Palestinian.
They arrested three other youths instead. Clashes erupted between the Israeli forces and Palestinians in the city after the raid. Five people were injured in the scuffles.—Agencies
MALMO, Sweden (AP) — Something high-tech is happening in the produce aisle at some Swedish supermarkets, where laser marks have replaced labels on the organic avocados and sweet potatoes.
Swedish supermarket chain ICA started experimenting in December with “natural branding,” a process that uses low-energy carbon dioxide lasers to remove the pigment from the outer skins of fruits and vegetables.
The laser beams create tattoo-like patterns — in this case the product's name, country of origin and code number — similar to the way hot irons brand cattle. If its test is successful, ICA, which has 1,350 stores across Sweden, hopes to cut down on the stickers and packaging it now uses to identify its organic produce.
“It's a new technique, and we are searching for a smarter way of branding our products due to the fact that we think we have too much unnecessary plastic material or packaging material on our products,” Peter Hagg, the chain's senior manager for fruits and vegetables, said.
ICA decided to start with sweet potatoes and avocados because their peels are not typically eaten and have a tendency to shed the stickers normally used to brand produce. But branded broccoli and engraved eggplants may not be far behind.
Later this year, the chain plans to test laser-marking melons plus some items with consumable skins to gauge consumer reaction. Hagg claims lasering has no negative effects on the fruit and vegetables.
“It's very delicate. Because the mark is not going through the skin in any way, it doesn't affect the quality or taste of the product,” they said.
Jonas Kullendorff, a 29-year-old engineer, says they approve of the method, if it reduces packaging waste.
“It's actually the first time I've seen this branding, but if it's (a) more sustainable alternative, I'm all for it,” Kullendorff said. “No, I wouldn't say it would put me off. If it's less packaging materials, that's a good thing.”
Laser labeling has been used in Australia and New Zealand since 2009 and was approved for use in European Union countries in 2013, according to Eosta, the Netherlands-based produce supplier that is working with ICA to test the technology in Sweden.
Eosta says it sold over 725,000 packs of organically grown avocados to the supermarket chain in 2015. Packing them required about 220 kilometers (135 miles) of plastic wrap. The avocados etched by Eosta now sit in open bins without stickers or packaging.
Laser marking can't be used on all produce. Citrus fruit, for example, has the ability to heal itself, meaning the etchings would disappear after just a few hours. Packaging still is desirable in some cases to extend a product's shelf life, Hagg said.
“The plastic branding — there is of course positive things with it,” they said. “But in some items it's just unnecessary, because it doesn't bring you better shelf life. It just brings you extra costs.”
Central to the trial's success will be consumer response and whether shoppers are happy to eat something that's been zapped by a laser.
“It's really new to me, but I think it's a really good idea (for) the environment,” Emma Jeppsson, a customer in the store, said.
Produce stickers, which are made of paper or plastic along with ink and adhesives, may seem like more of an inconvenience than a source of pollution, but environmentalists say even small bits of waste have an impact on the environment.
“We know there's a huge amount of waste across the supply chain before we get to the packaging we see on our shelves,” Friends of the Earth campaigner Kierra Box said.
WASHINGTON—The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite U.S. President Donald Trump's opposition. The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services. Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesperson, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defence Department also is studying the issue. Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas. Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
Article Continued Below
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns president Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year. The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder. “Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards,” Eastburn said.
Read more: U.S. court blocks Trump's ban on transgender people in the military U.S. seeks to quash lawsuit challenging Trump's ban on transgender troops Trump orders Pentagon to indefinitely ban transgender military recruits Last year, then-Defence Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. They said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist. Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government “will not accept or allow” transgender troops to serve “in any capacity” in the military. A month later, they issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. They gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders responds to reporters' questions on the Pentagon's decision to continue to allow trans people into the military.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1. The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight. “The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms,” said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. “That's really where the controversy will lie.” Carson worried, however, that the Defence Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but “under such onerous terms that practically there will be none.” Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defence for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time. “It doesn't have any basis in science,” they said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. “But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible.”
Read more about:
Trying To Better Detect Potential Mass Shooters After Las Vegas As law enforcement officers try to learn how to identify potential shooters, the people who study this kind of violence say this is being driven partly by the attention the media pays to it.
The Delhi-Kathmandu bus service was launched in November 2014. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
New Delhi: In a bid to strengthen ties with Nepal, India plans to launch new bus services to the Himalayan nation from Bihar and Uttarakhand.
At present, buses connect New Delhi to Kathmandu and Pokhara, and Varanasi to Kathmandu.
With India and Nepal sharing a 1,850km border, the new bus services will enhance mobility between the two countries.
They come three years after Prime Minister Narendra Modi flagged off the first Kathmandu-New Delhi bus service during their Nepal visit on 25 November 2014.
A senior government official said on condition of anonymity, “Both countries have agreed on opening of the new routes. The modalities will be worked out once the new government in Nepal takes over.”
The routes from the two states would be finalized after a cost-benefit analysis, and added that the bus services would be run by the respective state governments, this person said.
The expansion of bus services between India and Nepal would be under the India-Nepal Bilateral Motor Vehicle Agreement for the Regulation of Passenger Traffic, which was signed on 25 November 2014.
The agreement envisages regular bus services between the two countries as per agreed routes, trips and time-tables. It also simplifies the procedure for movement of private and non-regular vehicles across the India-Nepal border.
A road ministry official, who also spoke on condition of anonymity, confirmed the development.
“Proposals were received from many states in central and north India and after a mutual decision between the countries, Uttarakhand and Bihar have been shortlisted. The road ministry has extended its support and the matter will be taken forward by the external affairs ministry,” the official said, but refused to share further details.
Queries emailed to the Nepal embassy remained unanswered.
C. Uday Bhaskar, director of think tank Society for Policy Studies, said connectivity was an important way to strengthen relations with neighbours.
The opening of new bus services though late was important and desirable.
India is undertaking several projects for better connectivity with Nepal. These include the construction of the Mechi river bridge, the Mirganj bridge (on National Highway 57A) and the Piprakothi-Raxaul road (National Highway 57A).
According to the road ministry, work on the Mechi river bridge project will start by February 2018, whereas award of the contract for the Piprakothi-Raxaul road will be done by the end of this month.
To become a mother, a woman sacrifices something: their autonomy, their job, their body, or some combination thereof. They usually do so for a child she's willingly chosen to bear. But in Gilead, women must sacrifice everything to have a child they may not have wanted and cannot keep. The first season of The Handmaid's Tale looked at what it took to get pregnant in Gilead, but this time around, it's about what it's like when women actually do.
The Handmaid's Tale Season 2 addresses motherhood through the eyes of June (Elisabeth Moss), who's carrying a child for Commander Waterford (Joseph Fiennes) and their wife Serena Joy (Yvonne Strahovski). Not by choice, of course; it's something they must do. And while it's sold as an honor, being that few women can carry to term in this dystopian future, it's work. There's nothing beautiful or meaningful or special about giving birth in this authoritarian, theocratic regime — it's joyless and mechanical. It's nothing like what June experienced in their first pregnancy with Hannah, a real blessing that wasn't by Their hand or under Their eye. This difference forces June to contemplate what it means to be a mother when you haven't actually chosen to be one.
In this world where women don't have control over their bodies or themselves, June is but a vessel. This is their duty, as the show makes clear with help from Kate Bush's “This Woman's Work,” which plays during the harrowing opening scene of the premiere that shows just how far Gilead will go to keep its handmaids in line. Bush's song, originally written for the 1988 film She's Having A Baby, is about confronting an unexpected crisis during childbirth, and it's certainly safe to say having all your rights stripped from you qualifies.
Hulu on YouTube
Season 2 shows that forcing women to procreate isn't saving the world, it's tearing it apart by diminishing what it really means to be a family. There is no right way to be a mother, but it always takes compassion and care, which there is absolutely none of in this place where women are forced to give their bodies to the patriarchy, no questions asked.
Having a working womb is currency in this world, but it only gets you so much. As Aunt Lydia tells June — whom they call Offred, since it doesn't matter to them one bit who any of these women used to be, but only whom they belong to, in this case, to "Fred" — she's “standing in defiance, but risking nothing” while pregnant. June's boldness only hurts the other handmaids, who are collateral damage in this war on women that Aunt Lydia paints as being for their own good. “There is more than one kind of freedom,” they tell them. “Freedom to and freedom from.” Gilead offers women freedom from having to choose. It's one of “God's gifts,” apparently.
When women dismiss this gift, though, their punishment is barbaric. Emily's (Alexis Bledel) punishment was a clitorectomy that took away their pleasure but not their ability to have children. The government doesn't mess with uteruses, because that would only punish the commanders and their wives — not to mention humanity. You would think that would give the handmaids some kind of upper hand, but it doesn't. Not when men hold all the power and make all the rules; No. 1 being that there's no greater sin than harming a child.
As for their mothers, though, they're fair game to harm. That's made even clearer this season, when handmaids are having their tongues cut out and hands burnt over open flames. There are always consequences, the worst being sent to the Colonies, the toxic waste dump where unwomen are sent to work until they die.
Being pregnant doesn't fully protect you from the brutality of this world, either. Shortly after learning June is with child, Aunt Lydia shows them what happens to expectant handmaids who are “difficult” — they're chained to their bed and given solitary confinement to scare the life out of them while they continue to grow another one inside them. “Nine months can feel like quite a long time,” Aunt Lydia threatens, but it's only a threat if June fears the punishment.
George Kraychyk/Hulu
In Season 2, The Handmaid's Tale expands upon Margaret Atwood's 1985 novel to show how Gilead's rule has turned women into livestock. They're here to work and breed, until the slaughter comes for them. It's not a question of “if,” but when that will happen, since all women are disposable. Especially those who don't fall in line. Aunt Lydia scolds June for their “theatrics” — their refusal to stone Janine in the first season's finale — calling it “a waste of energy, for what?” “Janine wasn't anything,” June says, but it's clear by Aunt Lydia's reaction they are. They all are.
But the fact that these women know they're nothing to the republic means they have nothing to lose. This is the power June has, a willingness to risk it all, and she's figuring out how to wield it. What complicates things is their wrestling with what role this baby plays in their life. What do they owe this child that she's been forced to have? It's got them thinking about their own fiercely feminist mom, whom we meet this season, and the choices mothers make for the sake of their kids often at the behest of themselves.
There is a resilience that comes with motherhood, a maternal instinct that June still feels despite Gilead's insistence that they shouldn't. On “This Woman's Work,” Bush sings, “I know you have a little life in you yet/ I know you have a little strength left.” The same could be said of June, who is realizing there is still something to fight for and it might just be a little someone.
The Asus ZenScreen MB16A Portable Monitor is one of the nicest-looking USB monitors we've seen, and it comes with a number of features and design considerations that make it an incredibly handy device, although one that comes at a price.
The Asus ZenScreen MB16A Portable Monitor is a stylish USB-powered monitor that's designed to make multi-screen setups for people using laptops feasible.
Having a second screen to extend your desktop is a great way to improve productivity, but for laptop owners – who might benefit the most from extra screen space – that's not always convenient, especially if you travel a lot.
With the ZenScreen MB16A, Asus has come up with an attractive device that's easy to carry, and which makes extending your screen space incredibly simple. However, at AED999, it's an expensive proposition, so does the MB16A do enough to warrant its price tag?
The ZenScreen MB16A's metallic design is reminiscent of Asus' Zenbook laptops
Design
The ‘Zen' part of the ZenScreen MB16A's name makes it clear that Asus sees this device as a companion to its stylish ZenBook range of premium laptops. ZenBooks are well known for their slim and attractive designs that utilize metallic silver, gray and black colors, and the ZenScreen MB16A clearly takes its design cues from those devices.
The MB16A's dimensions are 14.16 x 8.91 x 0.31 inches (36 x 22.6 x 0.8cm), making it just a bit bigger than an iPad Pro. If this sounds a bit on the big side, remember that this is still far more portable than a standard monitor, and with a weight of 800g it's also much more comfortable to carry. And the slim bezels at the sides and top of the screen mean the majority of the body can be occupied by the 15.6-inch screen.
Two buttons on the front-left of the ZenScreen MB16A enable you to navigate the on-screen menu and adjust the level of blue light emitted from LED backlight
The bottom bezel is wider, and contains three buttons – two for navigating the on-screen menu and adjusting the blue light level of the backlight, plus a power button. The design of these buttons continues the Zen design ethos, and again helps to make the ZenScreen look very nice indeed. On the left-hand side of the body is the ZenScreen MB16A's only input, a USB Type-C port.
A single USB-C port is the only input on the ZenScreen MB16A
This single port helps to keep the design of the Asus ZenScreen MB16A clean and simple, and it's versatile enough to provide power to the monitor while also displaying 1080p images. A USB-C-to-standard USB adaptor is included if the machine you're plugging the MB16A into doesn't have a USB-C port, which is a nice touch.
The ZenScreen MB16A comes with a magnetic screen protector that can also be folded into a stand, in a similar fashion to the iPad's Magic Cover. It's another nice touch, and combining screen protection and stand in one thin device helps to make this an easy accessory to carry around.
The ZenScreen MB16A's screen protector also doubles as a stand
However, the process of turning cover into stand is a bit fiddly, and it would have been nice to have some clearer instructions – although if you're accomplished at origami you shouldn't have too much of a problem.
The back of the ZenScreen MB16A will look familiar to anyone who's used a ZenBook laptop – it has a smart metal design with the Asus logo etched in. Overall, this is a very nicely designed screen, and reminds us that Asus has a real flair for creating attractive devices.
If you have a ZenBook laptop this screen will be a lovely compliment to it, although of course it's compatible with any other laptop or desktop, and will look equally good alongside those.
The ZenScreen MB16A carries on the design ethos of the ZenBook range
Performance
As the Asus ZenScreen MB16A is a mobile monitor that derives both its power supply and video feed via USB, we're not expecting image quality that rivals expensive standard monitors – but at the high price Asus is asking for, we'd still want to see very good image quality that makes the monitor comfortable to use.
The good news is that, on the whole, the ZenScreen MB16A performs admirably, with the IPS panel rendering 1080p content well. However, we did need to make a few tweaks before we were happy with how the display looked.
We first used it with a PC without a USB-C port, so we needed to use the adaptor, and download the necessary drivers from the Asus website. This wasn't a problem, although once Windows 10 had installed the drivers and we turned on the screen, Windows 10 set the scaling to 120%.
This makes texts, icons and windows larger, which can make things easier to use, but in our view it looks a bit ugly. Setting the scaling to 100% (done easily through Windows 10's settings) made things look much nicer.
We also found the brightness to be quite dark initially, so we upped it to 100%. We'd usually never have to go anywhere near 100% on standard monitors – and doing so would blow out the colors, and quite possibly our eyes – but even at 100% the ZenScreen MB16A's screen was still quite dim.
Of course, if you're running this second screen from a laptop that's powered by a battery, its lower brightness levels will help prolong the battery life of your machine; however we'd have liked the option to make it a little brighter.
Using the on-screen menu is pretty simple thanks to the front-facing buttons on the bottom bezel. There are a number of presets you can choose from (you can also save a configuration to easily revert to later on), as well as other features such as a blue light filter (for using at night), and an auto-rotate setting that can be easily enabled.
Viewing angles on the Asus ZenScreen MB16A are good, which is handy for a relatively small screen size, although the glass screen does reflect light quite easily. It's also worth noting that while the ZenScreen MB16A looks like a tablet, it's not a touchscreen.
On the whole, performance is good. We wouldn't recommend this screen for gaming or watching media on, but that isn't what it's designed for. As a second screen for displaying additional windows and applications it does a fine job, although you may find you need to tweak a few settings to get an picture quality that you're happy with.
Verdict
If you're regularly working on the road and need a second screen that's easy to carry and looks nice and stylish, the Asus ZenScreen MB16A Portable Monitor is an excellent accompaniment. Its light and slim design makes it easy to transport, and the screen protector that doubles as a stand is a great touch.
If you use an Asus ZenBook then this is an even more compelling purchase, as it's a great companion device that utilizes the same design language.
However, it is an expensive monitor, so if pure portability isn't your primary concern you'd be better off looking at less costly monitors that will also offer better picture quality.
Economist David Berri, in Forbes, lays out the case that Connecticut's dominance is not an issue when it comes to relative fan interest in college basketball. They demonstrate that it is not an issue with other sports where teams have dominated, and no one cries about the demise of the sport when Alabama destroys Vanderbilt in college football. That part of the article was good. Most complaints about the lack of parity in women's college basketball are pre-textual, and provided as an excuse, rather than the actual reason, for lack of interest.
But when Berri talks about what is bad for women's basketball when it comes to interest, I think they get the causation mostly wrong.
So, is the University of Connecticut bad for women's basketball? Whether we look at the historical or economic evidence, it seems very clear that the Huskies dominating women's college basketball is really not a problem. There is, though, something that is bad for women's basketball. Here are few fun facts about the sports media. about 90% of sports editors are male
it is estimated that only about 10% of sports coverage is created by women.
although 40% of athletes are women, women's sports only receives about 4% of sports coverage.
And last November, I noted that major internet sites are more likely to cover animals than they are to cover women's sports. If you look for coverage for the women's college basketball tournament you will not find much (if anything) at CBSsports.com. And on the front page at Yahoo Sports, ESPN.com, or the Bleacher Report you will have to hunt before you find a single story.
This seems to put the issue on the (male-dominated) sports media. If only the dang media would talk about women's basketball more, people would be interested and watch!
The more likely causation flows the other way. The consumer interest is relatively low in news articles and analysis of women's basketball, and thus there is less coverage. This isn't to say there aren't passionate fans who support their teams and programs. Some of the biggest women's programs fill arenas and have many supporters. But compared to the scale of other sports (and if you are a general sports website, you are concerned on scale), they may get like 10% or less the interest of men's college basketball (which is far less than say, football).
And I say this as someone who enjoys watching some women's basketball. I watched my alma mater, Missouri, with Sophie Cunningham, several times this year. I am a father of two daughters, one of whom plays basketball and is working on their crossover and can shoot from outside in 3rd grade. I want them to succeed in every way possible and have all the opportunities ahead of them in whatever they choose.
But I don't think the interest mainly goes the direction that Berri believes. Sure, maybe in the past the old, male-dominated homogenous sports media dictated tastes. Now, with ability to measure and see responses to topics, tastes can dictate coverage. ESPN didn't start covering WWE because they wanted to promote it and change attitudes; they saw the responses and interest (the same thing we see) when wrestling material is produced.
So I think “the media” is an easy bogeyman, every bit as much as saying that Connecticut's dominance is the reason. The truth is that a large segment of the sports-consuming public doesn't care about women's sports. I would gladly write a women's bracketology column like I do for the men's tournament if I thought anyone would read it.
In today's media culture, many, like myself, came from other backgrounds and came into this by turning a passion into work. We found a niche and wrote about it. If the interest is there, and the media really is underserving that interest, then it is a ripe opportunity for specialized blogs who focus on women's coverage to thrive. We've seen this with companies that cover things like recruiting or the NFL draft specifically, or MMA, or professional wrestling.
The media is not a monolith. People can cover what they want, and what will pay the bills. If the interest is there, coverage will follow.
If you keep up with Khloé Kardashian, then you would know that the new mom is all about keeping it real. And their latest tweet proved that she's still all about that. Khloé Kardashian commented on their latest bikini video and got super honest about how their post-baby body was represented on Instagram.
As you might recall, Kardashian's sister, Kendall Jenner, previously posted a video on their Instagram Story in which they showed off the pair's "Sister Sunday" hangout. In the short clip, they highlighted the Revenge Body star as they were laying down by the pool. But, it turns out that Kardashian has a little something to say about the image presented in the video.
They tweeted that they were a little late to the game when it came to their sister's post, "And I'm just seeing that Kendall posted a video of me in a bikini..." The reality star continued to joke that their sibling (being a supermodel and all) really knows their angles and was able to take the best video possible. "Thank God they know their angles LOL cuz I do not look like I did in that video LOL laying down is a game changer," they said. You can always count on Kardashian to keep things totally real. It makes sense that they would be so outspoken (and in such lighthearted way) when it comes to an issue relating back to their body image, seeing as though she's done so in the past.
In late May, the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star was very open about their decision to head back to the gym their trainer, Coach Joe, as soon as they got the OK from their doctor. They noted on their website (via People) that even though they are physically not the same as they were pre-baby, it's totally alright with them
Kardashian related, "Not going to lie, it's a struggle to get back into the groove. Mentally, I'm strong but physically, it's just not the same. But every day, I'm one step closer, baby!" While the reality star was excited about getting back into the gym, and showing off their body on Instagram post-workouts, there were, of course, some haters who tried to get them down.
They said that there were those who attempted to shame them for getting back into their workout routine so soon after having a baby. But, they aren't having it. They wrote on their website, "What I'm annoyed about is that I've read a couple of times on Twitter that, you know, they feel that I'm focusing too much on my body." Kardashian continued to say that their gym sessions aren't completely about getting back to their pre-baby weight, they're also about getting them back into something they simply enjoy doing. The KUWTK star continued, "the truth is, I've worked out five or six days a week before I got pregnant and that's my sanctuary and something I love to do."
If Kardashian wants to start working out again after welcoming True Thompson, that's obviously their right to do so. Since their workouts are helping them get into a positive mental state, isn't their happiness really all that matters when it comes to these gym sessions?
Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Between their updates on their website, and their many tweets about the subject, Kardashian has not been afraid to let their fans know all about their workout progress. Recently, on June 21, they once again related how, despite some relatable insecurities, she's happy about where she's at. It's nice to see that they can still keep things real about everything that's going on in their post-baby journey, whether it's a gym update or even a fun clarification about their sister's angle-friendly Instagram post.
Examining The Role Self Awareness Plays In Sexual Harassment
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
As this issue of sexual harassment and abuse at work has gotten more attention over this past year, we've been hearing something over and over again, especially from men who've actually apologized for their behavior. And it goes something like this - I didn't know what I was doing was making anyone uncomfortable, or I didn't realize that I was doing anything wrong. And that has a lot of people wondering how that's possible. So for insight, we called Tasha Eurich.  They are an organizational psychologist who has focused most recently on the issue of self-awareness. Them the latest book is called, appropriately enough, "Insight: Why We're Not As Self-Aware As We Think, And How Seeing Ourselves Clearly Helps Us Succeed At Work And In Life." And Tasha Eurich joins us now from Colorado Public Radio in Centennial, Colo. Tasha Eurich, thanks so much for speaking with us.
TASHA EURICH: Thanks for having me.
MARTIN: Well, first of all, do you buy the argument that someone truly isn't self-aware enough to recognize that certain kinds of behavior is just wrong? And I'm thinking here about Louis C.K., who has admitted - forgive me, parents, who are sick of hearing about this - that they masturbated in front of female comedians who had sought them out for career advice. So even accounting for how different the entertainment world can be, do you really buy that they just didn't know that that was not OK?
EURICH: More generally, self-awareness is a remarkably-rare quality. And so my view on this is that this is one fairly disturbing manifestation of that. But even generally in the population, our research has shown that 95 percent of people think that they're self-aware, which means knowing who we are, knowing the impact we're having on others, but only 10 to 15 percent really are. And that's sort of the baseline that we all start with, which is a lack of self-awareness.
MARTIN: Well, given that your work generally is what people at the top of the corporate food chain, as it were, I just wondered if your research indicates whether there is any pattern to people who are interested - at least interested in being self-aware and people who aren't?
EURICH: Time and again, research on this has shown that the more power we hold, the less self-aware we become. There's an example Megyn Kelly talked about this last week where they shared an upsetting encounter they had had with Charlie Rose on a book tour that they were on. And they were angry about the whole situation. Then they said, what did I do? I sent them a bottle of wine and a thank-you note. And I think that's so telling about how we treat people in power, that really, you know, if delusion were a fire, power is the kerosene that just can send it up in smoke.
MARTIN: I just gave that Louis C.K. example. Can you think of another example of, like, the kind of cluelessness that we're talking about here?
EURICH: So I think of Matt Lauer and a couple of things that have gone on. Number one was the statement they made where they said some of what is being said about me is untrue or mischaracterized. And that's consistent with a lot of the other apologies which are not really apologies. But I did a little bit of investigating. And earlier this year in an interview with Senator Kirsten Gillibrand about their new book, they were essentially berating them for not calling out the names of their colleagues who committed harassment or who they saw commit harassment. And, you know, to condemn the behavior in others that you can't see in yourself, you know, I think it's so indicative of just how blind we are.
MARTIN: So you delivered this TEDx Talk that had more than a million views. And in that talk, you used an example of a male boss was unaware of how their behavior was affecting their staff. And I just want to be clear that this was an anger-management issue, not a sexual-misconduct issue. But I thought the example was interesting because when you interviewed the staff before you began working with him, they all said they didn't like working with him, that they made them uncomfortable, that their behavior just was very upsetting. But then after you'd work through solutions with him, their staff was responding positively to the changes that they made. I wonder, what lessons should we draw from that? I mean, is the lesson here that you can change but somebody needs to push you to change?
EURICH: That's exactly it. Our research has shown time and again that self-awareness is learnable. But what so many people lack, you know, to overdramatize this a little bit, is a reckoning. And I think that's what's happening in the media right now. It's what happened with the executive you just mentioned, somebody to show them the truth or at least the truth of how they're seen in a way where they can't avoid it, where they have to face it.
MARTIN: That's Tasha Eurich. She's an organizational psychologist who focuses on helping people become more self-aware. And their latest book is called "Insight: Why We're Not As Self-Aware As We Think, And How Seeing Ourselves Clearly Helps Us Succeed At Work And In Life." They were kind enough to join us from the studios of Colorado Public Radio. Tasha Eurich, thanks so much for speaking with us.
EURICH: Thanks for having me.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Female sports journalists react to Cam Newton's controversial remarks
NFL star apologizes for comments to female reporter
Female sports reporters don't have an easy job.
The hurdles they continue to face were brought into the spotlight this week after an interaction between Cam Newton and a female reporter.
During a press conference Wednesday, the Carolina Panthers quarterback laughed at a question posed by Jourdan Rodrigue. The Charlotte Observer sportswriter's question was a valid one — they asked about the team's routes, which caused Newton to reply: “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes.”
ESPN W contributor Shana Renee Stephenson told ABC News that what Rodrigue experienced was not unusual.
“If you talk to any woman beat writer, I'm sure they have stories for days about a similar interaction whether it be with an athlete or a team executive or something,” they said “They're a woman in a male-dominated industry.”
But not only female sports reporters were offended, ESPN reporter Michele Steele said. “Some of my male colleagues … thought this was offensive,” they noted.
“If you watch the video,” Steele went onto explain, “he paused for a laugh and I didn't hear anybody laughing. This was something pretty universally condemned on my side.”
It's not the first time the franchise quarterback has ruffled feathers at a sports press conference or even on the field.
From growing weary at responding to reporters' questions in the days leading up to the Super Bowl last year, to being oddly criticized for dabbing, Newton has seemingly grown accustomed to the attention.
“Cam Newton is an interesting person,” Jane McManus, who's been a sportswriter for 17 years, told ABC News. “He is often genuine where other professional athletes can be very scripted. That's a double-edged sword. On the one hand, you want to get authenticity … but sometimes it can betray something that is less appealing.”
They added that Newton's “offhand” comments “reflect a lack of awareness of women in this business and what they deal with — and that attitude is part of what they deal with.”
It's definitely not a comment that a franchise player should make — one who's undergone media training, Stephenson said.
“Cam's been in the league for seven seasons now. He's a former MVP. He's been the face of the franchise … since their rookie season as a franchise quarterback so they should know what's appropriate to say and what's not appropriate to say,” they added.
“Cam Newton is someone who has said they want to be a superstar in this league,” Steele, who's been a sports reporter since 2009 and has covered the NFL since 2011, noted. “This was supposed to be a big comeback year for them after the 2016 season and this certainly is not superstar behavior.”
Lack of diversity feeds the problem
Many female sports journalists point out that they are often the only, or one of few, women in the locker room. Their scarcity could lead to bias — conscious or unconscious, blatant or subtle, some said.
“Because there a so few of us, especially in smaller markets, every woman has to re-blaze that trail,” McManus, who spent years covering the New York Jets, said.
They added, “There is more acceptance. The laws are such that women are able to go everywhere … Equal access, that's fairly unquestioned. Occasionally you'll get a rogue security guard who thinks women don't belong in locker rooms.”
Stephenson, who also created AllSportsEverything.com, recalls a time when they faced similar challenges while applying for a sports reporter position, which they ultimately did not get.
“They were concerned about me being a woman in the locker room,” they said. “That was often a question that was raised in the interview process about my comfortability level as a woman reporting for a professional male team and being the only woman or being one of few.”
Stephenson added, “I would always say it wasn't an issue for me because I felt more than qualified for the job that I was interviewing for and that I had a job to do and so I would be prepared and comfortable.”
Still, Steele said they want to “underline” that not all male athletes in locker rooms exhibit sexist behaviors.
“The vast majority of guys in locker rooms have been so respectful of me as a reporter and me as a woman,” they said.
It's why Steele dismisses stereotypes about “locker room talk,” a term recently dragged back into the zeitgeist after then-presidential candidate Donald Trump was caught on tape having a vulgar exchange with TV host Billy Bush.
Trump dismissed and downplayed the comments as “locker room banter.”
“What I told people at the time was, ‘Go to a locker room. The average age of athletes is somewhere in the 20s. These are guys who are used to women speaking up for themselves,'” they said. “They're more PC than the average office.”
Is there a solution?
Stephenson isn't hopeful for any major changes in this dynamic soon, noting that many of the biases people have don't start at work.
“The way that people feel about women, or the way that people feel about someone's differences, comes from a very personal place and that's something they have to evolve on in their own time,” they added.
Steele expressed optimism. They suggest employing more women in NFL franchises as a whole.
“We're never going to get more women on a football team, but you can include more women in the structure,” they explained.
They suggest starting with the communications department, who often act as a liaison between the media and the football players.
“When the person who is the gateway … is a woman, you're going to get more of an informed dialogue between the players and the media,” Steele said. “Because they talk to players all the time and they're doing the media training.”
McManus sees signs of hope from the NFL, which held a workshop last January for women who had played semi-professional football to possibly enter the NFL as scouts, lower-level coaches and officials.
Now teaching sports journalism as an adjunct professor with Columbia University's School of Journalism, McManus said the controversy over Newton's comments can hopefully “lead to dialogue that could be productive.”
Them advice to their female students and other women starting in the business: “I say go into it and love it and do it and be the best you can be at it, with eyes open, knowing these are the challenges. Having an editor that has your back, communicating with your editor, having a good support system for anybody is super helpful.”
“It's super frustrating,” they said about the sexism and other challenges women sports journalists face. “It can really feel like a very personal thing.”
“Get into this business,” they said, bottom line. “Don't be afraid of any the challenges. Just be prepared to face them.”
BUSINESS
LG Electronics' airport cleaning robot (LG)
LG Electronics' cleaning robot received a presidential award at the 2017 Good Design Selection Awards, the company announced Monday.The robot is fitted with capabilities of household cleaning robots as well as self-driving technology and the ability to avoid obstacles. The robot's database contains a map of airport spaces that need cleaning, which is used by the robot to determine the most effective routes for cleaning.It is currently being used at Incheon Airport alongside another robot that provides information about airport facilities in four languages: Korean, English, Chinese and Japanese.This was the second year in a row for LG to receive top honors at the Good Design Selection Awards, hosted by the Industry Ministry and Korea Institute of Design Promotion, following an award for the LG Signature OLED TV last year. It marked the first time a robot received top design honors in Korea.By Won Ho-jung ( hjwon@heraldcorp.com
Staff Repairer
Police Welfare/Benevolent Fund Board has approved Rs290 million for the widows of late police officers. This was informed in a meeting of “Sindh Police Welfare” presided over by the Inspector General of Police Sindh A.D. Khawaja at Central Police Office Karachi, said a statement issued here on Wednesday. The meeting was attended by the Additional IG Sindh, Additional IG Special Branch, DIG Headquarters Sindh and others. Additional IG Welfare Sindh briefed the meeting on the measures taken for police welfare and other departmental matters. They informed that the welfare board had approved Rs290 million for the widows of late police officers and Rs3000 would be given to each widow per month. The said amount had been allocated for the period of December 2015 to April 2017. They said that Benevolent Account of Sindh Police had been opened at AG Sindh. The IG Sindh, on the occasion, directed to form a policy to provide the widows with funds whether through ATMs, Easypaisa or any other means for fair and transparent distribution. A.D. Khawaja also thanked the Sindh Chief Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah for the approval of Rs 100 million for police officers who severely injured in the line of duty. They directed the AIG Estate Management to furnish a report relating to the properties of Sindh Police and their agreements.
Rao Anwar's act of disappearance has become an unsolvable mystery. It is a question mark on the police force competence. The police are not pursuing the case in a professional manner. IG Police A D Khawaja has not shown any progress in this case. SC has extended the time many times but they always come up with some excuse instead of arresting the fugitive. On the other hand another Khawaja Saad Rafiq is ferocious over NAB's investigations against him. They claim to have conducting themselves in an honest manner. They say if they are corrupter than everybody else is corrupt too. My question is can they explain sources of their assets they made during their tenure as Railways Minister.
The NAB chairperson has no vendetta against him. If they have done nothing wrong then they will get relief. NAB is acting in accordance with the law. Ahad Cheema has provided enough information to investigate Khawaja Saad Rafique. I am sure that NAB authorities will thoroughly investigate this matter and punish the culprits. Carry on the good work, the entire nation stand by you in this endeavour and difficult task. We want a corruption free society from Quaid's Pakistan.
JAVAID BASHIR
Lahore
Related
U.S. Marine Corps Lance Cpl. Glenn Hughes, left, and Lance Cpl. Steadman Barringer, military police officers with the Provost Marshal's Office, breach and clear a room during active-shooter training at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 13, 2017. With assistance from the special reaction team, the Marines sharpened their skills by practicing proper room clearing techniques and how to correctly secure a building. Marines practiced the procedures in small groups prior to conducting a simulated active-shooter situation. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:19 Photo ID: 3165409 VIRIN: 170213-M-RP664-0061 Resolution: 5064x3376 Size: 9.75 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Provost Marshal's Office active shooter training [Image 1 of 6], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
A Mid-Michigan woman hit it big in the state lottery.
They won $169,555 playing Fantasy 5 online. The winner is from Essexville.
They matched the Fantasy 5 numbers drawn on July 12 - 08-19-22-28-30 - to win the jackpot.
“I log in to my online Lottery account almost every day” said the player. “One day when I logged in, I saw a box that said: ‘Taxable Winnings.' I thought to myself: ‘I've never had any taxable winnings,' and boy, was I surprised when I clicked on the box.”
They plan to pay bills, do some home improvements and buy some hunting property with my winnings.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
By BECKY KISER
Hays Post
A development group that has built three income-qualified housing complexes in Hays hopes to build another one.
The Overland Property Group, Leawood, wants to redevelop the Fort Hays Trailer Park, 615 E. 5th, and construct a 48-unit multi-family apartment complex. The initial plan is to build two and three bedroom units similar to current properties on South Main and near Larks Park.
Assistant Hays City Manager Toby Wood says as part of the process in applying for state low-income housing tax credits, Overland Property Group requires a Resolution of Support from the city.
Overland Property Group has built income-qualified housing in three phases in Hays. Phase 1 in 2006, is on the southeast corner of 5th and Main. Phase 2 in 2010, is across Main Street to the west. Phase 3 in 2012, is immediately north of Larks Park on Fourth Street. The city commission authorized support resolutions for each project. Commissioners also authorized a resolution of support for a failed attempt at a project on East 22nd Street in 2014.
Regarding the new proposed development “The Reserves at Stonepost,” Vice President of Development Matt Gillam wrote in a letter to the city “we have gone to great lengths to find and secure a site in Hays that meets all our stringent qualifications but also is in line with the city's for responsible new and infill development.” Gillam estimated a $6 million construction cost.
According to Hays City Manager Toby Dougherty, the Fort Hays Trailer Park is “currently in very poor condition and the city has a long history of abating properties on the site that are in violation of our Code of Ordinances.”
City staff is supporting the project calling it “very beneficial to the community” and that it “would greatly enhance the area” in south Hays.
Commissioners will find our more about the housing proposal during their Thu. work session. See the complete agenda here.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 2:02 pm |
Reb Nachman Elbaum, founder of the Ideal Tours travel agency, was niftar on Sunday night in Yerushalayim.
Ideal Tours was for many years one of the best-known frum travel agencies in both New York and Israel, and created numerous tours for Americans and Israelis to kivrei tzaddikim throughout Europe.
Reb Nachman was born in Poland, and at the outbreak of World War II, they were one of the Yaldei Tehran – a group of children who escaped Europe, made their way to Tehran, Iran, and eventually to Eretz Yisrael. There, the Jewish Agency, a group of secular Zionists, tried to secularize the children, who came from frum homes. The children resisted the secularization efforts; Nachman, one of the older children, was at the forefront of the children's struggle to keep Torah umitzvos. A number of the children, including Reb Nachman, managed to stay frum, while others, sadly, were put on secular kibbutzim and lost their connection with Yiddishkeit.
A Gerrer chassid, Reb Nachman was a confidante of the Bais Yisrael, Lev Simcha, Pnei Menachem, zichronam levracha, and, ybl”c, the current Gerrer Rebbe.
Reb Nachman was a legendary baal chessed and baal tzedaka. There was a constant stream of people in need of assistance – whether money, shalom bayis or other issues – at their door, and they generously gave of their time and money to all those in need.
The levayah was held Monday morning in Yerushalayim. It began at the Shamgar funeral home, passed the Gerrer batei medrash on Rechov Yirmiyahu and Rechov Ralbach, before reaching Har Hamenuchos.
A full tribute will follow, iyH.
Gay spouse with mother and partner in outdoor wedding
0 Share with your friends Submit
Strategies for adult children to reduce the financial toll.
Although average life expectancy continues to rise, those extra years are not always filled with good health.
As a result, adult children are increasingly being called upon to provide care for aging loved ones, which can take a physical, emotional, and financial toll.
If given the opportunity, most older people prefer to remain at home for as long as possible.
In determining whether your loved one should remain at home, consider the cost of maintaining the residence, whether it is safe and suited to their physical needs, and whether the location is convenient for caregivers.
If you determine that your loved one should not remain at home, options include skilled-nursing homes that provide medically necessary 24-hour care, and assisted-living facilities where residents are more mobile and can participate in activities.
If your loved one remains at home, they can still benefit from a variety of services including registered nurses, certified home health aides, occupational therapists, physical therapists, nutritionists, social workers, companionship services, and home-delivered meals. It would also be a good idea to install a personal emergency response system in the home.
Healthcare is among the largest expenses for older individuals. In 2016, the estimated cost of a retired couple's healthcare for the remainder of their lifetimes was $275,000, according to a Fidelity study. And this figure does not include the cost of long-term care.
Although Medicare Parts A and B pick up at least some of the tab for hospitalization and doctors' services, the program is rife with out-of-pocket charges such as deductibles, copayments, and coinsurance.
For long-term care, Medicare won't cover basic “custodial care,” or assistance with everyday activities like bathing and dressing—the type of care that more than 90 percent of recipients need. Even if your loved one requires more extensive “skilled” care, Medicare coverage is limited.
Another government program, Medicaid, requires people to “spend down” their assets to meet their state's poverty level before long-term care is covered. Medicaid also leaves little choice as to where an individual receives care, and they may be required to go wherever there is an open bed.
Fortunately, there are some private funding solutions available.
One option is to purchase long-term care insurance, which typically covers care received either at home or in a facility. Unlike most types of investments, benefits from long-term care policies are often tax-free.
Another option is purchasing an immediate annuity. Here, the income generated from the annuity can be used to pay for your loved one's care.
If someone is eligible for long-term care insurance, annuity income can be used to pay premiums. This strategy can be beneficial because while income from annuities is often taxable, long-term care insurance benefits may not be.
One thing to keep in mind with immediate annuities, however, is that one would be exchanging a lump-sum investment for a fixed income stream. If liquidity is an issue, this may not be the best strategy.
If your loved one has a cash-value life-insurance policy, it can be accessed tax-free and used for care. Many life-insurance policies and annuities provide “living benefits” riders, meaning a portion of death benefits can be used to cover terminal illness, chronic illness, or long-term care needs without incurring surrender charges.
While “customizing” a policy can help make it more appropriate for your anticipated needs, the myriad of riders and benefit options can be very confusing, so it is important to work with a qualified financial advisor when setting up your plan.
Also, note that funds accessed as living benefits are deducted from the death-benefit payout. So if the benefits from a life-insurance policy are already earmarked for final expenses and/or estate taxes, you may not want to use them for long-term care needs.
As always, it is beneficial to discuss your situation with professionals who are adept at suggesting options that may be best—especially if you are part of a non-traditional family. An LGBTQ or LGBTQ-friendly adviser can offer suggestions and solutions for your specific situation.
Comments
SEPT-SORTS, FRANCE—A man who may have been trying to kill themselves rammed their car into a pizzeria east of Paris on Monday, killing a 13-year-old girl and injuring their younger brother and at least 11 others, authorities said.
The driver was immediately arrested. Police said the man's actions in the town of Sept-Sorts were deliberate, but not thought to be terrorism-related.
The 13-year-old girl and their brother were among the restaurant patrons eating on the outdoor terrace of Pizzeria Cesena when a man in a BMW accelerated toward them, an official with the national gendarme service told The Associated Press.
The girl died immediately, while the boy's injuries are considered life-threatening, the official said. At least three others were hospitalized in serious condition, and eight more sustained light injuries, said the official, who was not authorized to be publicly named.
The incident reignited fears in France after a string of attacks in which a vehicle was the weapon of choice. An Algerian man drove their car into a group of French soldiers last week, and an Islamic extremist truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago.
Police investigating the theft of a bottle of wine and a child's bike have issued a CCTV image of a man they would like trace.
North Yorkshire Police said that a man had entered the B&M store on Seamer Road, Scarborough, at around 4.20pm on Friday.
They then left the store with a bottle of wine without making any attempt to pay for the item.
As they left the store, they spotted an unlocked child's mountain bike outside.
They put the bike the boot of a black Vauxhall Astra before driving away.
A spokesperson said: "Police have issued a CCTV still of a man they would like to speak to in connection with the thefts, as they may have important information that could assist the investigation."
If you recognise them or have any information email Stephanie.Palmer@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or dial 101, select option 2 and ask for Stephanie Palmer.
Information can also be passed on anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Please quote reference number 12170209294.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In a bid to break into the gaming market, Google is planning to launch Google Yeti - a device that streams games through the web.
Yeti has been described as the ‘ Netflix for Games', in which a library of games will be hosted on remote servers, and streamed through a hardware device.
While Google is yet to comment on the project, rumours suggest Yeti could be unveiled this month.
Here's everything we know about Google Yeti so far.
(Image: E+)
What is Google Yeti?
Google Yeti is rumoured to be a subscription-based platform, where users can search through a library of games and play them in real time.
This means that there's no need to download or purchase the games individually, and instead, the gameplay is transmitted to your device over the internet.
PlayStation already has a similar service, called PlayStation Now, but experts predict that Google could have the edge with Yeti.
A recent report by Reuters said: “The plan that Google has been working on involves the use of its cloud servers to broadcast the games to users over the internet.
“Google has discussed Yeti with game developers, but it is unclear whether any of them will develop a game specifically for Yeti or only make existing streamed games available.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
When will it be available?
A timeline for the project remains unclear.
However, the Games Developers Conference will take place today, where we may hear more about Google Yeti.
How much will it cost?
Rumours suggest that Google Yeti will be a paid subscription service, much like Netflix.
While the cost remains unclear, it is likely priced somewhere in between the PlayStation Now, which costs £12.99/month, and Nvidia's GeForce Now, which costs £7.29/month.
Published:
The Christian Association of Nigeria has called for the cancellation of the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board recruitment test into the Nigeria Police Force because Arabic language was made compulsory for Muslims and Christians. The body demanded for another test within 72 hours otherwise it would embark on other measures to seek redress.
President of CAN, Rev. Samson Ayokunle, said it would be wrong for President Muhammadu Buhari, who swore to defend both the Christians and Muslims alike, to turn around and allow their appointees divide Nigeria through their actions. “If the President can allow this affront now and they are still seeking the vote of Christians for a second term, we do not trust they will keep us alive if they ascend that throne for another four years,” they said in a statement.
“To many Christian youths who sat for that examination, the display of the Arabic language questions came as a rude shock. Many could not recover from the setback until JAMB logged them out of the CBT platform, obviously achieving the aim of the Islamic extremists who are hellbent on fostering their religion and culture on the Nigeria Police Force.
“While it is true that in some examination centres some officiating officers advised the candidates to ignore the Arabic language questions, this ran contrary to the examination instructions wherein a candidate was required to answer 180 questions viz – Use of English 60, Arabic language 40, Fine Arts 40 and Agriculture 40 hence summing up the 180 questions each candidate is required to answer. This deliberate attempt to undermine Christians in Nigeria leaves so many questions as to the unity of the nation.”
Ayokunle also alleged that making Arabic compulsory for all applicants was aimed at ensuring that only Muslims get employment into strategic positions.
Share This
The BV9000 Pro is a mixed bag, and there are no real unique selling points that will wow you away from the competition, or indeed its cheaper siblings.
(Note: An earlier version of this article mentioned that the BV9000 had a 720 x 1440-pixel display, when in fact it was 1080 x 2160-pixel version. In addition, you will be able to run dual SIM and microSD concurrently).
Blackview has been one of the most aggressive up-and-coming Chinese mobile manufacturers. While it is not as well-known as the likes of Xiaomi, ZTE, OnePlus, Huawei or Honor, the firm has managed to build a solid reputation as a purveyor of fine ruggedized smartphones thanks to an impressive line-up of IP68 devices released over the past two years.
Where to buy? Online Chinese retailer, Gearbest, sells the Blackview BV9000 Pro for just over £230 ($310) at the time of writing, in black with gold, gray or silver trim. AliExpress sells it for £237. Note that, while this price includes delivery, it is exclusive of any taxes that may be levied by HMRC or the courier companies on behalf of the vendor. Want to buy tech from online Chinese retailers? Read this first.
The latest model is the BV9000 Pro which follows the BV9000. Other predecessors include the BV8000 Pro, the BV7000 Pro, the BV7000, the BV6000, the BV6000T, the BV6000S, the BV5000 and the BV4000 Pro.
Design
The BV9000 Pro is an evolution of the BV8000 Pro design-wise (you can see these two phones together in the pictures above and below), adopting some of the ideas first brought to market by the BV7000 Pro. It abandons the gaudy IP68 logo, brings back the fingerprint reader at the back, cans the dedicated PTT (push-to-talk) button and goes for a more subtle color scheme consisting primarily of black. All in all, it looks far more premium than past attempts by Blackview.
The flaps are also back as the BV9000 Pro bravely (and controversially) kills off the audio socket, and moves the microSD card slot and the SIM card to where these usually sit – at the top of the smartphone. You will need an adaptor (provided) to use your existing earphones/headphones.
There's also no permanent Android system buttons hanging near the lower edge. Getting rid of those frees up precious real-estate and while the new flagship handset is bigger than its predecessor, it isn't massively so, despite sporting a much larger 5.7-inch display (compared to 5-inch on the BV8000 Pro).
All the buttons are located on the right edge with a USB Type-C connector present. At the back of the BV9000 Pro are a pair of cameras with a pair of flash LEDs, the fingerprint reader, a sticker (which you can peel off) and a Blackview badge that reads ‘Designed by Blackview, assembled in China'. So much for the company's attempt to beef up its brand.
Blackview BV9000 Pro specs CPU: Mediatek MT6757CD GPU: Mali-T880 RAM: 6GB Storage: 128GB Screen size: 5.7-inch Resolution: 2160 x 1080 Weight: 254g Dimensions: 162 x 81 x 13.4mm Rear camera: 13MP + 5MP Front camera: 8MP OS: Android Nougat 7.1 Battery: 4.18Ah
Specifications
The BV9000 Pro is powered by a variant of the ubiquitous Mediatek MT6757 system-on-a-chip, the MT6757CD (Helio P25). It has a slightly higher clock speed compared to the vanilla MT6757 found on the BV8000 Pro. Blackview opted for an 18:9 display, embracing a current smartphone trend. The screen also benefits from Corning Gorilla Glass 5.
At 2160 x 1080 pixels, it is the screen with the highest resolution on any ruggedised smartphones. We struggle to see the utility of such a high pixel count (12.5% more than the usual FHD) and this is likely to be taxing on the GPU.
The combination of 6GB of RAM and 128GB of storage (both courtesy of Samsung) is likely to be enough for a few more years. The smartphone has a microSD card slot should you want to add more storage; note that you can use two SIM cards and the microSD card simultaneously.
The handset runs on a 4.18Ah battery that is powered by a 24W (12V,2A) charger and includes NFC (finally!), 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth as well as an array of sensors (gravity, gyroscope, geomagnetic). And don't forget that this is an IP68-rated smartphone.
In use
Don't expect Oreo on the BV9000 Pro: it still runs Android Nougat, albeit the 7.1 version (and a customized version on top of that). We came across a weird issue (an expired Google license) when installing the firmware update, but a couple of restarts took care of that.
Benchmarks Here's how the Blackview BV9000 Pro performed in our benchmark tests: Geekbench: 867 (single-core); 3,994 (multi-core); 2,686 (compute) Antutu 3D: 3D Marooned: 4.87 fps; 3D Garden: 5.24 fps Antutu: 64,227 PCMark (Work 2.0): 4,111 Passmark: 4,890 Passmark CPU: 125,540 Androbench (sequential): 262 (sequential read); 177 (sequential write) Androbench (random): 75.3 (random read); 12.55 (random write) 3DMark Slingshot Extreme: 678
This phone doesn't include relevant rugged-focused apps by default (as some of its competitors do). There is, however, a potentially life-saving ETWS (Earthquake & Tsunami Warning System) app as well as a QR code reader and a screen recorder.
Performance was generally in line with rival smartphones that sport the same hardware combination. As expected, the higher resolution doesn't help when it came to graphics-intensive benchmarks as the GPU has to work harder because of the extra pixels.
The competition
The BV9000 and the BV8000 Pro, both from Blackview, are probably the two biggest competitors to the BV9000 Pro. The asupervisorstioned two are far cheaper (costing up to 25% less) and both have their respective pros and cons.
The BV9000 has less memory (4GB) and less storage (64GB), but other than that it is an exact replica of its big brother. The BV8000 Pro has 64GB of storage, keeps the 6GB of RAM and the processor, a dedicated PTT button and has a smaller display.
The Ulefone Armor 2 has a similar specification and pricing to the BV8000 Pro but sports a slightly bigger battery. This phone's design is far more utilitarian, though, and just like its Blackview rival, it houses memory and SIM cards behind a cover which requires unscrewing. There's also a useful app toolkit similar to what we saw on the Doogee S60.
The Doogee S60 packs a powerful punch, with a Gorilla Glass 5 overlay on the display, plus it offers dual SIMs and dual standby, a 24W quick-charge charger, NFC and even wireless charging (but no wireless charger). It is crammed with sensors and tools as well, which will come in useful for handymen (and women): there's a barometer, a gyroscope, a coulomb meter, a sound level meter and even a bubble level.
Final verdict
The BV9000 Pro is a fairly decent improvement over the BV8000 Pro, and while the extra memory and storage are more than welcome, the star of the show remains the Full HD+ display, the highest resolution on any ruggedised device. Whether or not that's warranted is another question. The dual rear cameras will appeal to snap-happy fans and more business-minded users will love the ability to run dual SIM and microSD cards concurrently.
An attempted bank heist is not the usual setting for romance to blossom, but nobody told Gary Heading who stole the heart of their girlfriend by going down on one knee in an escape room in Peterborough.
Gary left Serena Moden in tears with their unexpected proposal as the couple took part in a game at Escape (Peterborough), Church Walk, last week.
Gary and Serena
The magic moment happened when accounts manager Serena (28) opened up a filing cabinet to be met with an engagement ring, a bottle of champagne and a sign asking them to marry Gary, who was waiting behind them to drop on one knee.
General builder Gary (30) said: “I just wanted to do something a little bit different. We both enjoy doing the escape rooms and they would not really have guessed they would be proposed to there.
“I spoke to Ryan from Escape Peterborough at the end of October/November last year and ran the idea by them to see if they have done it before. I wanted it to be the first one there.
“We just bounced a couple of ideas across each other and they were a great help.
Serena with their ring
“The ring was put in one of the filing cabinet doors. There was a light-up box inside which said ‘will you marry me?' on it as well as a bottle of champagne and the ring.
“As Serena opened the filing cabinet I crept up behind them and got down on one knee. They got a bit of a shock!
“I asked them in person and they said yes. They were a little bit teary. We then carried on playing the last minute and a half.”
Serena said: “I was more than a bit shocked. It was well thought out and put together.
“I just remember thinking it can't be real - I was just so stunned. I never imagined it would happen that way.
“It was a bit overwhelming. I just wanted to let my family and friends know!”
The couple from Mepal got together through dating app Tinder. Their engagement took place on their second anniversary while playing The Bank Job - a game which sees you given an hour to negotiate the security systems inside a room and escape with as much money as possible.
Everything was going to plan for Gary who had been given a key beforehand to open a safety deposit box which had a clue inside. This would lead Serena to the filing cabinet where their engagement ring was waiting.
But unfortunately for Gary, they also needed a code to open the safety deposit box and, although they knew what it was beforehand, they managed to forget it, a problem which could have scuppered their proposal. They said: “I completely forgot what the code was but luckily Ryan was looking in on the game and gave me a hint.”
The couple is planning to marry next year, but an escape room themed wedding is not on the cards.
Gary added: “We did come up with it as an idea but it may be a bit too far-fetched.”
The 1% Gets A Scare — More To Come? by John Rubino – Dollar Collapse
Most Americans have spent the last few years pressed up against the proverbial bakery window, watching the 1% enjoy a life of ever-increasing wealth and seemingly total indifference to the multitudes who aren't favored by zero interest rates, big trust funds and political/corporate connections.
The one consolation for the have-nots has been that, by owning few stocks and bonds, they would suffer less when those bubble markets did what bubbles always do, which is burst. Today was a small but satisfying taste of that eventuality. From Bloomberg:
World's Richest People Lose $68.5 Billion in Stock Selloff The fortunes of the world's 500-richest people dropped by $68.5 billion Friday as equity markets swooned with investor worries about the pace of interest rate hikes in the U.S. Warren Buffett led the declines, shedding $3.3 billion to end the day at No. 3 on the Bloomberg Billionaire Index with $90.1 billion. J
The chart shows about $100 billion of play money evaporating in the past week. Not enough to seriously inconvenience most of the people on Bloomberg's billionaires list, but still a nice reversal of fortune versus the average person with a house, small bank account and not much more – who didn't lose a thing.
As for whether Friday was just a blip in an ongoing “secular bull market” or a sign that fundamentals are at last gaining the upper hand on “liquidity,” that remains to be seen. Longer-term though, there can't be much doubt that today's stock and bond valuations are higher than they'll be during the next downturn.
Here's a chart from John Hussman's latest (Measuring the Bubble) that illustrates the point. The adjusted price/earnings ratio on US stocks is now higher than before both the Great Depression and the dot-com bust.
Sharing is caring!
Viz Media annouced today that Sailor Moon R: The Movie will move on to Canada after the tremendous support the film received in over 300 US Theatres, most of which were sold out. The film will be shown in 39 theatres in Toronto, Montreal, Calgary, Vancouver, Edmonton, and more!Those who show up for the special screening will receive exclusive Sailor Guardian character art board with the purchase of a ticket ! Head on out there fellow Canadians, tickets will go fast!
X Factor star Jay James is to join the line-up for the biggest soul music event in Peterborough this year when soul legend Alexander O'Neal finishes their 30th Anniversary of Hearsay tour at the Broadway Theatre on December 9.
Jay grabbed widespread attention and fame through The X Factor in 2014, becoming a firm favourite from their first audition and making it through to the live shows,
They went on to release the critically acclaimed debut album ‘Play It By Heart' featuring written collaborations with soul legends John Legend , Booker T Jones, Naughty boy and super producer Malay (Frank Ocean, Zayn Malik). Their debut single Long May Yhey Roll hit the No2 spot in the Radio 1 RnB charts.
Additionally theres a big buzz for the Classic Aftershow 80s Soul and Funk Party which is open to all people going to the concert.
“The audience for Alex will primarily be the people who remember the great soul scene we had in Peterborough in the mid to late 80s,” said promoter Steve Jason.
“This is their chance to enjoy a show and then get ready to party afterwards until the early hours of Sunday morning. The DJs at the after party will be spinning the tunes that made The Gables, Canters and places such as The Jenyns Arms such important places for soul fans in the 80s.”
Tickets for the show are still on sale and are available from www.ticketsource.co.uk/date/396964 and from www.seetickets.com/event/alexander-o-neal/peterborough-broadway-theatre/1138016 or from The Broadway Box Office and from the Visitor Information Centre on Bridge Street Peterborough. Doors open to the theatre at 6.30pm on the night with Jay on stage at 8pm.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Overall W L T Pts GF GA W L T Canisius 10 4 0 20 55 37 10 5 1 Niagara 8 4 1 17 43 40 9 7 1 Holy Cross 5 2 5 15 38 28 6 6 6 Army 6 7 2 14 39 39 8 8 2 RIT 7 3 0 14 38 29 8 7 1 American Intl. 5 8 2 12 36 44 6 11 2 Bentley 4 6 3 11 36 42 7 7 3 Robert Morris 5 7 1 11 37 41 5 11 1 Mercyhurst 4 4 2 10 28 31 7 7 2 Air Force 3 7 2 8 29 38 7 8 3 Sacred Heart 2 7 2 6 33 43 4 11 2
___
Friday's Games
American International 3, Mercyhurst 1
Canisius 4, Niagara 2
Merrimack 4, Army 1
Penn St. 5, Robert Morris 2
Providence 8, RIT 3
Saturday's Games
Mercyhurst 4, American International 2
Canisius 8, Niagara 2
Bentley 5, Dartmouth 1
Penn St. 7, Robert Morris 4
Union (N.Y.) 4, Holy Cross 2
Army 4, New Hampshire 3
RIT 4, Providence 0
Yale 2, Sacred Heart 1
Saturday, Dec. 16
Mercyhurst at Robert Morris, 7:05 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Robert Morris at Mercyhurst, 4:05 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK (AP) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 4:57 pm |
Walmart is offering its employees a new perk: affordable access to a college degree.
America's largest private employer, which in the past has helped its workers get their high school or equivalency degrees, hopes the new benefit will help it recruit and retain higher quality entry-level employees in a tight U.S. labor market.
The company is working with Denver-based startup Guild Education to give employees the chance to obtain a bachelor's degree in business or supply-chain management. It will cost a dollar a day at one of three nonprofit universities with online programs that have had success working with adult learners: the University of Florida, Brandman University and Bellevue University. It plans to eventually expand to more types of degrees.
It will also offer college-prep classes for workers who need extra help. Walmart is subsidizing the cost of tuition, books and fees.
Both full-time and part-time workers who have been with the company at least 90 days will be eligible, Walmart said. About 68,000 of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. employees are expected to enroll in the first five years, based on interest from its workers, said Julie Murphy, executive vice president of people at Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart. Walmart declined to disclose the cost of the program.
The move underscores how retailers and restaurant chains are under increasing pressure to improve the skills of their workers as shoppers move online. Store chains including Walmart have also raised wages as low unemployment gives trained retail workers more options.
Walmart has said the tax overhaul helped it also give workers one-time bonuses and expand parental leave benefits. Critics say Walmart should share even more of its profits with employees. But a shareholder proposal presented Wednesday, calling on the company to invest as much money in the stock plan for employees as it does on share buybacks, was rejected.
Also defeated were proposals that would require Walmart to publish a report on racial and ethnic pay gaps and to create an independent chair.
The partnership with Guild Education goes beyond Walmart's current program covering the cost of workers and eligible family members for earning a high school diploma or GED equivalent. The company also grooms managers at its Walmart Training Academy, and has a career program for entry-level workers.
Guild Education, founded in 2015, works with other national chains like Chipotle Mexican Grill, Taco Bell and Lowe's, on their employee education programs. But Rachel Carlson, CEO and co-founder of Guild Education, says its partnership with Walmart is unique in several ways, including its low upfront costs.
Walmart's move puts it more in league with Starbucks, which three years ago began offering four years of tuition for an online college degree from Arizona State University.
Islamabad
Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan (SECP) Chairman Zafar Hijazi has set more rigorous enforcement of rules, legal accomplishments and ease of doing business as priorities for the year 2017.
The SECP would have to make greater effort and speed up the processing and strengthening mechanisms used against non-compliance of rules by business concerns, they said while talking to SECP officials.
A record number of inspections of regulated entities across all sectors, from insurance companies to stock brokers, would have to be carried out, they stressed.
The entities, they said, receiving disproportionately high number of investors' complaints compared to their peer groups would be held accountable and would have to show improvement in their track-record.
Elaborating on the priorities, the chairperson said the organization would continue to build upon the legal accomplishments of 2016.
They said that the legal framework for the development of corporate sector and protection of investors would be strengthened.
The Companies Bill was in the process of replacing the Companies Ordinance, 1984, and it would be a game changer for the advancement of the corporate sector, they added.
Zafar Hijazi said the Draft Insurance Bill, 2016, was undergoing public consultations, which had incorporated many improvements to better protect the policy-holders and to meet the needs of insurance companies.
They said a Sharia governance framework was also being developed to meet the regulatory needs of Islamic finance across all sectors regulated by the SECP.
They said the SECP would continue to work on ease of doing business and capital formation through the capital market. They emphasized the need for increasing quality listings on both equity and debt and expanding the investor base.—APP
Yerevan /Mediamax/. Pictures were spread on the internet, which illustrated one of Baku's Flame Towers lighted with colors of the Armenian state flag: red, blue and orange (apricot color).
The users write that one of Flame Towers buildings was supposed to be lighted with colors of Columbian national flag, as England-Columbia quarter-final match was taking place on July 3 evening.
Columbian national flag
World oil demand will grow more than expected this year, helping to ease a global glut despite rising production from North America and weak OPEC compliance with output cuts, the International Energy Agency said on Friday, Reuters reported.
The agency raised its 2017 demand growth forecast to 1.5 million barrels per day (bpd) from 1.4 million bpd in its previous monthly report and said it expected demand to expand by a further 1.4 million bpd next year.
"Producers should find encouragement from demand, which is growing year-on-year more strongly than first thought," said the Paris-based IEA, which advises industrialized nations on energy policy.
"There would be more confidence that rebalancing is here to stay if some producers party to the output agreements were not, just as they are gaining the upper hand, showing signs of weakening their resolve," the IEA said.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries is curbing output by about 1.2 million bpd, while Russia and other non-OPEC producers are cutting a further 600,000 bpd until March 2018 to help support oil prices.
The IEA said OPEC's compliance with the cuts in July had fallen to 75 percent, the lowest since the cuts began in January.
It cited weak compliance by Algeria, Iraq and the United Arab Emirates.
In addition, OPEC member Libya, which is currently exempt from the output cuts, steeply increased output.
As a result, the overall global oil supply rose by 520,000 bpd in July to stand 500,000 bpd above year-ago levels.
Adding to the challenges of oil producers to support oil prices is rising non-OPEC output, which is expected to expand by 0.7 million bpd in 2017 and by 1.4 million bpd in 2018 on strong gains in the United States, which is not participating in the output caps.
Still, strong global demand growth is helping to clear excess barrels with the IEA registering a decline in stocks in industrialized nations in both June and July.
Stocks remain 219 million barrels above a 5-year average - a level that OPEC is targeting with its output cuts.
The IEA also revised historic demand data for 2015-2016 for developing countries, cutting it by 0.2-0.4 million bpd.
As a result of those historic revisions, the IEA cut baseline demand figures for 2017-2018 by around 0.3-0.4 million bpd and hence lowered demand for OPEC crude by the same amount.
"The impact of carrying this lower demand base into 2017 against unchanged supply numbers is that stock draws later in the year are likely to be lower than first thought," the IEA said.
Changes mainly happened as the IEA revised down historic demand data for Indonesia, Malaysia and Iran while revising up India and keeping China largely unchanged.
Reporting by Dmitry Zhdannikov; editing by Dale Hudson and Jason Neely
Clemson seeks third-straight win at Wake Forest
CLEMSON, S.C. (WOLO) – After back-to-back wins over Georgia Tech and No. 19 North Carolina, the No. 20 Clemson Tigers take to the road for their second-straight Saturday, battling Wake Forest in Winston-Salem at 2 p.m. over at the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The Tigers trail the Demon Deacons in the all-time series between ACC opponents 99-61, but have won four-straight and nine of their last 10 against their conference rival from the Triad. Clemson also swept their pair of meetings with Wake in the 2016-17 season, winning their road matchup 95-83.
The Tigers enter February with the second-best record in the ACC, having gone 7-3 in their first month of play, equal with No. 4 Duke. The Tigers and Blue Devils trail No. 2 Virginia, who are a perfect 10-0 against their league.
Wake Forest has the second-worst record in the Atlantic Coast at 2-8.
AUSTIN, Texas — Jordan Spieth and Patrick Reed go from being teammates to opponents in match play.
Spieth and Reed have a 7-2-2 record as partners in two Ryder Cups and last year's Presidents Cup. They were drawn in the same four-man group for the Dell Technologies Match Play, which starts Wednesday at Austin Country Club. Spieth knows the course well from their days playing for the Texas Longhorns.
The format at this World Golf Championship is round-robin play through Friday, with the winners of each 16 groups advancing to a weekend of single elimination.
Dustin Johnson is the No. 1 seed. Also in their group is Kevin Kisner, one of their best friends from junior golf in South Carolina.
Kellyanne Conway has taken steps to sell their political consulting firm, Bloomberg reports.
“Conway received the right to defer capital gains taxes for their sale of the Polling Company/Woman Trend… They had valued their 100 percent stake in the firm at between $1 million and $5 million on a personal financial disclosure form that the White House released in March.”
Don't miss out! Get full access to this show and many others. Sign in with your TV provider (it's included with your TV subscription)
Being Mary Jane Full Episode: Getting Served As Mary Jane and PJ deal with feeling homesick for Atlanta, Niecy struggles with public perceptions of their new financial status. When their vitriolic reactions land them in serious hot water, the family is left to deal with new fallout.
Syed Raza Haider Naqvi
Attock
Provincial Minister for Population Welfare Dr Mukhtar Ahmad Saturday said that Chief Minister Punjab Shahbaz Sharif has taken many initiatives for the welfare of the talented students and for the purpose a billion of rupees are being spent. They said this while addressing a ‘Laptop Distribution Function ‘ held in Govt Postgraduate College Attock. On the occasion DC Attock Rana Akbar Hayat, Deputy Director Higher Education Khalid Bashir, Director Colleges Muhammad Asghar, AC Attock Marziya Saleem, Deputy Director Colleges Attock Professor Usman Siddiqui, Principal Ghulam Mustafa Kayani, CEO Education Raja Amjad Iqbal, Chairman Muncipal Committee Attock Sheikh Nasir Mehmood, SVP PMLN Attock Saleem Shahzad was also present.
Provincial Minister said that this Govt was giving laptops to the talented students to equip them for the modern era so that these students can play their role for the development of the country. They said that so for 310,000 laptops worth Rs7 billion have been given away to the students. They said, beside this Punjab Education Endowment Fund has been established for the welfare of the talented and needy students and so for under this program Rs 2 billion have been distributed among the students in shape of scholarship. They emphasized upon the students to seek knowledge keeping in view the challenges of this era.
DC Attock Rana Akbar Hayat in their address said that the students from Attock district have performed well at district, division and Provincial level, which is praiseworthy. They also lauded the role of Chief Minister Monitoring Force working in Attock. Latter laptops among 171 students, which included 13 from Attock, 03 from Hazro, 59 from Hasanabdal, 27 from Fatehjang, 33 from Jand and 36 from Pindigheb were given laptops in recognition of their best performance in board exams. A guard of honour was also presented to the talented students.
Ex-Luton Town duo Gary Brabin and Lee Nogan have joined new manager Neil Aspin's backroom staff at Hatters' League Two rivals Port Vale.
Brabin, 46, was in charge at Kenilworth Road for just over a year, leaving in March 2012, and has been manager of Southport and Tranmere since, before scouting for Sunderland recently.
Meanwhile, Nogan, who played 11 times for Luton, scoring twice, had been Aspin's assistant at Halifax and Gateshead prior to their arrival at Vale Park.
On bringing in the pair, Aspin said: “From speaking to the chairperson originally I think they wanted a clean break anyway with the previous regime. But I think any manager who comes in wants to bring in their own staff if that is possible.
“I wanted to have a balance of people. You can't have everyone being a disciplinarian, you have to have a mixture. We have two people with good coaching credentials and they will help to get the team organised in the way I want to play.
“When you come into a club the players are looking for direction, they are looking at me and they are looking at the staff. They are judging us as well. They are looking at us and saying can we deliver?
“As well as they have to impress us on the pitch, we have to impress them. We have to show that we are professional and that we know what we are doing.”
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
ALBANY (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 7:41 pm |
Dutchess County Executive Marcus Molinaro. (Marcus Molinaro)
Dutchess County Executive Marcus Molinaro will formally kick off their campaign for governor April 2.
The Republican announced the date in an email to supporters the day after a Manhattan jury convicted former top Cuomo aide Joe Percoco on federal corruption charges. Molinaro signaled he'll make Albany ethics and corruption a key part of their campaign.
“[The] verdict is an indictment, not just of one of man, but of the cynical systematic corruption within a state government Gov. Cuomo has led,” Molinaro wrote. “New Yorkers deserve better.”
Molinaro began telling GOP leaders they were running weeks ago and their campaign has already announced dozens of endorsements by local party leaders. But they have yet to hold a single campaign event.
Another Republican running, Sen. John DeFrancisco of Syracuse, seized on Molinaro's reticence during remarks to reporters in the Capitol.
“You know another reason why I'm not too concerned about him? They haven't announced yet,” DeFrancisco said. “The real question is, is they a candidate, or is they waiting to be declared the candidate before they say he'll be the candidate?”
Borough returned to winning ways in scintillating fashion at Fengate this afternoon (December 9).
They were at home to Bugbrooke in Midlands Division One after two defeats and they bounced back to take the honours by a whopping 89-12 margin to remain fourth in the table.
The visitors from Northamptonshire had no answer to the pace of the Borough backs, superbly marshalled by veteran centre Reggie Reid, and there were 13 cracking tries to savour for the Fengate crowd in the last home game of the year.
Reid, a former German international, was at their most menacing best and had the Bugbrooke dcefence quaking in their boots every time they had the ball in their hands.
Their partner in the middle, South African Michael Bean, also mesmerised the opposition defence with their pace and trickery, and Joe Andresen at fly-half and Mooki Tshepo-Olebile at full-back were two others to repeatedly catch the eye with their running from deep.
Borough led 42-7 at half-time after touchdowns by Bean, Reid, Tshepo-Olebile, Scott Mills, Jonno Anderson and Andresen and in the second half seven more tries arrived courtesy of Stuart Day, Bean (2), Reid, Sarel Pretorius, Anderson and Nick Burkett.
Andresen was successful with 12 of the 13 conversions.
In the same division Oundle were beaten 35-13 at home by Kettering.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
A Baltimore jury on Friday awarded $130,000 to a man whose arm was broken by police when they were forcibly removed from a bus during the unrest following the death of Freddie Gray in 2015. Myreq Williams was attempting to get to their grandmother's house in April 2015 before the city's 10 p.m. curfew went into ...
Welcome to Thursday's live Bristol City blog from Bristol Live.
The summer transfer window is in full swing and we'll bring you all the latest Robins transfer news, opinions and views across the day.
Bristol City are set for a hectic few months in the summer transfer market with some big-name departures possible.
West Brom and Fulham have both been linked with a big-money move for Robins defender Aden Flint while Joe Bryan continues to be attracting attention with Burnley leading the chase.
Lee Johnson appears to be outlining their targets with targets including Dean Henderson, Sam McQueen and Eric Lichaj all linked with the Robins in recent days.
You can get in touch with through our Twitter account or on our City Facebook page.
Airport's struggles continue on the road at North Augusta
NORTH AUGUSTA, GA (WOLO) — Airport was rocked on the road by North Augusta by a final score of 47-7.
The Eagles now fall to 2-5 this season.
The Nuclear Posture Review: The World Will Not Surive the American Neoconservatives' Doctrine of US World Hegemony
Paul Craig Roberts
The government of the United States is clearly in demonic hands. We are overflowing with proof. Take today (2-2-18) for example. A report from the House Intelligence Committee was released that is proof that the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Department of Justice (sic), and the Democratic National Committee are engaged in a conspiracy against American democracy and the President of the United States with the full support of the presstitute media.
As if that is not enough, also released today is the Pentagon's new Nucler Posture Review. A nuclear posture review specifies a country's attitude toward nuclear weapons and their use. In past posture reviews, nuclear weapons were regarded as unusable except in retalliation for a nuclear attack. The assumption was that no one would use them. There was always the possibility that false warnings of incoming ICBMs would result in the nuclear button being pushed, thus setting off Armageddon. There were many false warnings during the Cold War. President Ronald Reagan was very concerned about a false warning resulting in mass death and destruction. This is why their principal goal was to end the Cold War, which they succeeded in doing. It did not take successor governments long to resurrect the Cold War.
The new US nuclear posture is a reckless, irresponsible, and destabilizing departure from the previous attitude toward nuclear weapons. The use of even a small part of the existing arsenal of the United States would be sufficient to destroy life on earth. Yet, the posture review calls for more weapons, speaks of nuclear weapons as “usable,” and justifies their use in First Strikes even against countries that do not have nuclear weapons.
This is an insane escalation. It tells every country that the US government believes in the first use of nuclear weapons against any and every country. Nuclear powers such as Russia and China must see this to be a massive increase in the threat level from the United States. Those responsible for this document should be committed to insane aslyums, not left in policy positions where they can put it into action.
President Trump is being blamed for the aggressive US nuclear posture announced today. However, the document is a neoconservative product. Trump, perhaps, could have prevented the document's release, but under pressure as they are by the accusation that they conspired with Putin to steal the US presidential election from Hillary, Trump cannot afford to antagonize the neoconized Pentagon.
The neoconservatives are a small group of conspirators. Most are Zionist Jews allied with Israel. Some are dual-citizens. They created an ideology of American world hegemony, specifying that the chief goal of US foreign policy is to prevent the rise of any other power that could serve as a constraint on US unilateralism. As neoconservatives control US foreign policy, this explains US hostility toward Russia and China and also the neoconservatives' use of the US military to remove governments in the Middle East regarded by Israel as obstacles to Israeli expansion. For two decades the US has been fighting wars for Israel in the Middle East. This fact proves the power and influence of the insane neoconservatives. It is certain that people as insane as the neoconservatives would launch a nuclear attack on Russia and China. The Russian and Chinese governments seem to be completely unaware of the threat that the neoconservatives pose to them. I have never experienced in my interviews with Russians and Chinese any awareness of the neoconservative ideology. Possibly, it is too insane for them to grasp.
Ideologues such as the neoconservatives are not fact-based. They are chasing their dream of world hegemony. Russia and China are in the way of this hegemony. Having learned the limits of US conventional military power—after 16 years the US “superpower” has been unable to defeat a few thousand lightly armed Taliban in Afghanistan—the neoconservatives know that conventional invasions of Russia or China would lead to the total defeat of US forces. Therefore, the neoconservatives have elevated nuclear weapons to a First Strike, usable, arsenal that in the neoconservative dream of world hegemony can be used to destroy Russia and China.
Ideologues who divorce themselves from the facts create a virtual world for themselves. Their belief in their ideology blinds them to the risks for themselves and others that they impose on the world.
It is clear enough that without the utterly corrupt Obama Department of Justice (sic) and FBI, the utterly corrupt Clinton-controlled Democratic National Committee, and the utterly corrupt American and European presstitute media working to destroy Trump's presidency by framing them up as “a Russian agent,” President Trump, understanding that the Pentagon's posture review would worsen, not normalize, relations with Russia, would have deep-sixed the demonic document that threatens all life on earth.
Thanks to the American liberal/progressive/left, the entirely of the world is faced with a far more likely nuclear demise than ever threatened us during the Cold War with the Soviet Union.
By its collaboration with the military/security complex and the corrupt Hillary DNC, the liberal/progressive/left has forever discredited itself. It is now seen by every thinking person worldwide as an insane propaganda ministry for the neoconservatives' plan to use nuclear weapons to eliminate constraints on US unilateralism. The liberal/progressive/left has endorsed “hegemony or death.”
They will get death. For all of us.
Sharing is caring!
WHITECOURT, ALTA.—A man in Alberta is dead after a confrontation with the RCMP in which shots were fired.
Mounties say an officer tried to stop a vehicle on Tuesday along Hwy. 43 in the Whitecourt region, about 180 kilometres northwest of Edmonton.
WATERLOO REGION — A group of more than 90 volunteers headed out across Waterloo Region's cities on Monday night to get a snapshot of local homelessness.
Along with getting a head count, they asked questions of people who are staying in shelters, transitional housing or sleeping outdoors in Cambridge, Kitchener and Waterloo.
"The number alone isn't helpful. We want to know a little bit more," said Deb Schlichter, the region's director of housing.
The survey questions delved into housing needs, as well as personal experiences of homelessness. The information gathered will help direct regional decisions in order to ensure they're meeting needs in the community.
"We'll also know a lot more about the who and the why they're there," Schlichter said.
A count will be done in the rural areas over three weeks this month. Homelessness can be more hidden in rural areas, said Schlichter.
"People aren't congregated," they said.
The province required municipalities to conduct homelessness counts every two years starting this spring.
The last snapshot was done locally in December 2014, and at that time 295 people not including families were experiencing homelessness. About half of those had the highest level of need, and nearly two-thirds were experiencing chronic homelessness.
Schlichter said the process of doing the count and survey is as important as the result. While some people out on Monday night work in programs that serve the homeless, "others are just volunteers in the community to want to learn more," they said.
Groundhog Predicts More Winter
Pennsylvania (WOLO) — America's most famous weather-predicting groundhog was back in action this morning. Punxsutawney Phil delivered their annual prognostication to fans in Pennsylvania.
and according to Phil they did in fact see a shadow which means six more weeks of winter.
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) — Three men were shot at point-blank range during an auto racing event in southeastern Wisconsin, but no suspects have been arrested in the killings, a sheriff said.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. Sunday after receiving reports that shots had been fired.
A man shot the three at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects have been arrested and no one else was injured.
“They have no idea what happened, what caused this,” the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died while being transported to a hospital. Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as “Larry's Fun Fest.” The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Chicago marked 2016 as the deadliest year in nearly two decades, data released by the Chicago Police Department shows.
The city saw a surge in gun violence in 2016: 762 murders, 3,550 shooting incidents, and 4,331 shooting victims, according to a statement released by the department on Sunday.
There were 480 murders in 2015, the most in the city since 1997.
The bloodshed has brought trauma to the lives of thousands of people.
City police investigated 27 shooting incidents, 12 of which were fatal, just in the last week of December 2016.
Attacks on police officers nearly doubled in 2016, which represents a “completely unacceptable rise in violence,” the release said. However, it did not state specific figures for attacks on officers.
Police fight back
As part of plan to combat the rising homicide count, the Chicago Police Department will amp up its force in 2017.
In August, Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner passed a gun control law that imposes stiffer penalties on anyone without a gun-owner identification card who brings a gun into the state intending to sell it.
Not all figures were negative. City officers made 10% more gun arrests in 2016 and confiscated 8,300 guns, a 20% increase from 2015, the release said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drama unfolded at Bristol Airport this afternoon after the departures lounge was evacuated.
An emergency alarm was set off by an unusual burning smell drifting through the room.
Passengers waiting for take off were evacuated from the lounge while engineers investigated the odour.
Although the alarm caused initial panic, one passenger tweeted they believed the scent was coming from the Starbucks coffee shop in the lounge.
(Image: @daveih Twitter)
The evacuation was ultimately brief and the evacuees were quickly allowed to re-enter the building.
The airport's social media team later tweeted to apologise to those affected.
They wrote: "We apologise to passengers for the brief evacuation of the departure lounge. Engineers were on site investigating the earlier alarm activation and remain on site.
"Passengers are now safely back in the terminal and normal flight operations are continuing."
It is not known whether any flights have been delayed or cancelled as a result of the evacuation but operations are no continuing as normal.
But is the program is now feeling the squeeze of limited funding, and Waldinger and their team worry that money will dry up.
In November 2015, Robert Waldinger, the director of the program, shared that key finding in a widely popular Ted Talk that has been viewed close to 14 million times — there's clearly an appetite for learning what to prioritize to have more fulfilling lives.
The big takeaway from the decades of research and millions of dollars spent on the famous Grant Study is that, like the Beatles sang, all you need is love. It was not money or status that determined a good life. Those who were happiest and healthier reported strong interpersonal relationships, while those who were isolated had declines in mental and physical health as they aged.
By looking at human development over a life span, the early researchers hoped to find trends emerge that would provide insight into what factors ultimately led to a good life.
For close to 80 years, Harvard University researchers have studied the lives of the same group of men. Since 1938, they've tracked their development, documenting every two years details about their physical and emotional health, their employment, their families and their friendships.
Most of the budget for the longitudinal study comes from the federal government, National Institutes of Health, in particular, and every five years Harvard has to make the case again for why the American taxpayer should foot the bill for this work.
Norway vaulted to the top slot in the World Happiness Report this year despite the plummeting price of oil, a key part of its economy.
“One of the first things to go are the long term things that don't pay off right away,” they said. “This is basic psychological science, it's not always directly applicable but gives you the underpinnings. It's one of the things that lets you understand that homosexuality is not a choice for people, these are basic developmental understandings, we understand more about alcoholism being a disease and not a crime, we learn this by following people along.”
It's not lost on Waldinger, a psychiatrist at Massachusetts General Hospital, that to an outsider what they do might not seem like the most pressing of research compared to looking for cures for cancer and Alzheimer's disease. And with President Trump suggesting cutting NIH's budget by 19 per cent, Waldinger worries that the famous study could be viewed by the cash-strapped grant-givers as dispensable.
In 2009, The Atlantic featured the Grant Study on its cover with a wide-ranging interview with George Vaillant, who directed the study for 35 years. “To be able to study lives in such depth, over so many decades,” they said, “it was like looking through the Mount Palomar telescope.” (Once the most powerful in the world, The Atlantic author notes.)
But beyond learning that human connection makes us happy, Waldinger said there is still much knowledge to be gained by expanding the research to the second, and they hope the third and fourth, generations of the original group.
So, what's next for one of the longest longitudinal studies of human development ever conducted? And is it worth taxpayers continuing to pay for it?
Waldinger understands funds will be tight — the NIH already cut their budget this year for the study by 10 per cent in anticipation of future cuts, they said — but they said there's much the study still has much to offer in the space of well-being and mental health. By comparing the memories of the second generation's childhood to the stories their fathers' shared in real time will provide insights into what memories from early life people carry with them and how they're remembered or suppressed, which has a real impact on physical and emotional health.
For instance, Waldinger said, you might see someone with childhood trauma who has chronic inflammation or chronic stress, but it hasn't yet become arthritis or coronary disease, but they could piece together warning signs to catch these illnesses early.
It could also help understand the onset of mental illness;, which is being taken more seriously as a disorder as disruptive to lives as many physical ones. Last month, the World Health Organization named depression as the globe's leading health risk. Figuring out what factors might contribute to psychological disorders could lead to identifying ways to mitigate them, which would have huge economic and social benefits, Waldinger said.
“What we're working on is how do these events get under your skin and into your bodies,” Waldinger said. “What if we can identify it early, what if we could earlier on predict the worst stuff about aging to keep people healthier longer.”
There is fair criticism of the study as it relates to American demographics today. It began only as a study of affluent white men at Harvard — among them President John F. Kennedy and former Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee — and was then expanded decades later to join another longitudinal study of young men in Boston tenement neighbourhoods, but even then, the participants were all white.
So diversity in the study only considers socio-economic background, but not race or gender. Many of the original subjects from both studies have died, there are about 80 still living. In recent years, the Harvard team under Waldinger's direction has begun tracking the men's children and now they have an almost 50-50 split of women and men to examine, yet there is still no racial diversity in the study.
“There's no defence, we know this is a problem. We say in every single paper, more research is needed to test these findings out in other populations,” Waldinger said. “No sample is perfect, some would probably never fund our study, but we are doing something still valuable. People get that this is really hard to keep going, we're a super-flawed study, but people get that it's an amazing thing to keep going.”
Because of the youth movement taking place in Pittsburgh, a lot has been made about the likes of Austin Meadows and Colin Moran, both of whom are mainstays now with the Pittsburgh Pirates. In the minor leagues, the same can be said for Mitch Keller, Cole Tucker, Kevin Newman, among others.
A lot of those players have been written about ad nauseam, and for good reason; after all, they are on the doorstep to Pittsburgh. After some of the veterans move on after this season, like Jordy Mercer, David Freese, and Sean Rodriguez, more roster spots will be open. I can assure you these are some of the guys that will be taking their place.
But in the Pirates' Rookie League affiliate in the Appalachian League, there's a player that's likely at least a couple of years from debuting at PNC Park. For those that closely follow the farm, you're likely already familiar, at least in part to some of the inner workings with the Bristol Pirates.
The Bristol Pirates call Bristol, VA their home. Bristol is a relatively small town, part of which is in Virginia, while the other part is in Tennessee. The town is also affectionately referred to as the Birthplace of Country Music.
Tucked away with the hills within a residential area sits Boyce Cox Field at DeVault Memorial Stadium. The small complex only houses a maximum of 1,500 fans for home games, making it an intimate venue to get to perhaps watch the next generation of Pirates.
Prior to 2014, Bristol was home to the White Sox. Then the Pirates came to town. The city seemed to take to the new home club. Now there are some well-known names playing in the black and gold in Bristol, perhaps most notably Shane Baz, the Pirates first round (12th overall) pick in the 2017 Rule 4 Draft, a pitcher out of Concordia Lutheran High School in Tomball, TX.
Also picked in the 17th round of last year's draft was Mason Martin, a first baseman/outfielder from Southridge High School in Kennewick, WA.
Like Baz, Martin is only 19 years old. Unlike Baz, Martin began the year in Single-A Advanced West Virginia with the Power. They struggled to get things going through 45 games and 150 at-bats. Over that time, they only slashed .200/.302/.333. Those struggles prompted a demotion once Appalachian League play started up at the end of June.
Since joining the Bristol Pirates, Martin has slashed .267/.353/.667. In over 100 fewer plate appearances with Bristol, Martin already has one more home run than they did at West Virginia. Of course the talent level is considerably better at High-A, it's still something worth noting how productive he's been so far.
In the first week of the season, Martin was named Appy League Player of the Week. During that first week, they launched four home runs and 10 RBIs. These are all positive notes after struggling to get it going in West Virginia.
Martin currently ranks 24th in the Pirates' Prospects list, as told by MLB.com. The scouting report indicates that what we've seen isn't a fluke. As was already stated, he's only 19, so there shouldn't be too many concerns with their struggles at the advanced levels.
Martin projects to display average power, at the very least, with the expectation that they should be able to develop into a full-time first baseman with plus power. Because Martin's a lefty, their power should translate well at PNC Park, with the short porch in right.
It was also noted in their scouting report that, even as a kid in high school, Martin displayed the kind of maturity that is sought in professional hitters, showing the ability to not only take pitches and walk against right-handed pitchers, but also lefties.
Martin is slow-footed, so although he's listed a first baseman and outfielder, he'll likely be relegated to only first base duties over the long haul.
If you happen to be around Bristol, swing by and check out a game featuring Shane Baz and Mason Martin. The Appalachian League schedule runs through the end of August. The playoffs begin at the start of September.
Foxwoods Resort Casino has revealed plans to open Stony Creek Brewery, a fully operational brewpub with an award-winning beer selection.
Set to open in summer 2018 next to the Fox Theater, this brewery will be Stony Creek's second brewing operation following their flagship Branford, Conn. location. Stony Creek will be two floors, 7,100 square feet and offer seating for over three hundred guests.
“We are thrilled to be able to deliver a true local beer experience to our guests and we have a tremendous in-state partner in Stony Creek Brewery,” said Jason Guyot, Senior Vice President Resort Operations & Development at Foxwoods in a press release from the casino. “Stony Creek Brewery will be a unique, exciting attraction that we believe will be a hit with loyal Foxwoods guests.”
The ground floor will be designed as an ode to Stony Creek's New England heritage with a spacious beer garden and a brew deck with a view into the brewhouse, giving guests a first-hand look at the beer production process.
The second-floor design includes a full Southern California-themed cocktail bar, a stage for live entertainment and an elevated banquet table overlooking the property. Guests can also lounge in the Pool House, an intimate space with canvas privacy screens, integrated bar counter, and a large HD video screen.
Over the last year we have forged a strong relationship with Foxwoods Resort Casino,” said Stony Creek founder Ed Crowley Sr., according to the press release. “They have shown a genuine belief in the importance of supporting local craft beer. Stony Creek Brewery at Foxwoods will offer the same comforts our guests experience at our Home Brewery in Branford complete with a beer garden, five barrel operating brewing system and second floor beer cocktail lounges. We are creating a truly one of a kind space that will be a premier destination for beer enthusiasts.”
Brewmaster Andy Schwartz will lead the team in charge of beer production and innovation and the brewery will feature multiple high-definition TVs, family-style and communal seating, and a gift shop with promotional items including coasters, shirts and posters.
For more information, visit Foxwoods.com/stony-creek/.
BAGRAM AIR BASE, Afghanistan (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 6:50 pm |
Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff speaks at a U.S. airfield in Bagram, north of Kabul, Afghanistan, Dec. 24, 2017. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul)
The top U.S. military officer visited Afghanistan on Monday to evaluate the military campaign and ensure new American advisory teams and an upgraded Afghan Air Force are on target as the next fighting season with the Taliban looms.
Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said they want to understand the goals for the coming months so the U.S.-led coalition can develop ways to measure progress in the fight.
Dunford told reporters traveling with them that they seek “a discussion about measures of effectiveness.” A key question, Dunford said, is how the U.S. will know that it's where it needs to be in implementing what is, in actuality, the Afghans' plan.
The idea of benchmarks for progress in the Afghan war has been simmering for several months as the Pentagon looks to end America's longest war. Measuring success will be a key part of White House discussions this summer when President Donald Trump looks for a one-year assessment of their new regional strategy. Last August, a reluctant pre. Trump had to be persuaded to inject new U.S. troops to the conflict, which is now in its 17th year.
“The intent really is to get my own assessment of what we can expect over the next couple months,” said Dunford, who commanded U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan from February 2013 to August 2014. They said a major focus will be ensuring Gen. John Nicholson, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, has the resources they need.
Dunford's visit comes on the heels of a two-day stop in Afghanistan last week by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis amid talk of a renewed push to get Taliban fighters to the peace table with the Afghan government. The increased U.S. military campaign is seen as part of that effort. It includes hundreds of additional Army trainers and advisers who will work with Afghan troops closer to the fight, with the goal of turning the corner on what has been a stubborn stalemate with the Taliban and other insurgent groups.
About five weeks ago, the Army's new training brigade deployed to Afghanistan with about 1,000 soldiers. It included close to 600 trainers and advisers and hundreds of security forces and other support personnel. The so-called Security Force Assistance Brigade is part of the broad new strategy that has pushed the Afghan conflict back to the top of the Pentagon's warfighting priority list.
In addition to troops, the U.S. has also sent more intelligence and surveillance aircraft, A-10 attack planes, and combat search and rescue aircraft to the fight. Many of those resources have been shifted from Iraq and Syria, where the battle against Islamic State group terrorists is waning. The U.S. also is providing more fighter aircraft and other support to the Afghan Air Force, while increasing the number of American forces on the ground to more than 14,000.
The growth in the Afghan Air Force has long been a goal but has come along slowly. Dunford said they want to hear from U.S. and Afghan leaders that the introduction of the aircraft and the needed maintenance and other support is on the right path.
Last month, Air Force Maj. Gen. James Hecker, the commander of coalition air forces in Afghanistan, said the Afghans are now conducting more airstrike missions than the Americans.
Dunford was last in Afghanistan in December before the additional troops and aircraft arrived.
A snowy wallaby from the Great Lake Hotel is becoming famous for the cold on Facebook.
A snowy wallaby from the Great Lake Hotel is becoming famous for the cold on Facebook.
SOME part of Queensland might have felt as cold as Tasmania this morning - until you see this photo of a snow wallaby outside a lakeside hotel.
Roma and Oakey had minimums of around 0 degrees while Stanthorpe was minus 1, along with Warwick.
Even after 9am, Stanthorpe had only climbed to 7.5 degrees, while Oakey was only 11 at 9.40am.
Toowoomba residents woke this morning to the coldest morning the city has experienced since August 2016.
Bureau of Meteorology forecaster Adam Blazak said the mercury reached a low of 2.1 degrees.
"That was at the (Toowoomba) airport," they said. "The last time it got that cold was August 2016."
Mr Blazak said the temperature probably felt several degrees colder than it actually was.
Ipswich was super cool at 1 degrees early on, according to Higgins Storm Chasing, while Beaudesert was 2, Gympie was 7 and the Sunshine Coast 6.
Brisbane was slightly warmed on 8, while the Gold Coast hovered around 9 degrees.
Kingaroy was 2, along with Charleville.
Higgins reported that Glen Innes in the northern tablelands of NSW was colder than the Alps and the coldest in Australia with -6.7.
In its official forecast, the Bureau of Meteorology said a high pressure system over southern Australia will shift slowly east over southeastern Australia over the next few days.
"It will combine with a deep low in the Tasman Sea to direct a cool, dry air mass into Queensland, with morning frosts and sunny days across most of the state."
The forecast for the rest of the day is fine and sunny elsewhere for most of the state.
The bureau said areas of frost were becoming extensive over southern and eastern inland, south of Emerald and east of Charleville.
Brisbane is facing its coldest start to winter in 12 years. File picture: Mark Calleja
The Courier-Mail reported that in Amberley, the temperature hit a near freezing 2C at 6am while it dipped to a brisk 7.2C at the Sunshine Coast airport.
The minimum temperature in Brisbane is expected to drop to only 9C tomorrow, making it the coldest start to winter since 2006.
Patches of light frost are also expected tomorrow in the city's west and the Gold Coast Hinterland in the early morning.
It will be mostly sunny in the southeast today, with the mercury forecast to reach a top of 23C in Brisbane and 22C at Surfers Paradise.
Meanwhile, the above picture of a snowy wallaby from the Great Lake Hotel over the Central Highlands of Tasmania is going viral on Facebook.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: Myjoyonline.com
MP for Asawase Constituency, Mohammed Mubarak Muntaka
The Minority in Parliament is challenging claims by the president that government had cleared a whopping 1 billion cedis from the National Health Insurance Service debt it inherited from the erstwhile John Mahama administration.
According to the Minority Chief Whip Muntaka Mubarak the figure churned out by the president which was repeated by the Vice President does not even exist.
In an interview with Joy News' Parliamentary correspondent Joseph Opoku Gakpo, the Minority MP said the entire debt as submitted by the National Health Insurance Authority to Parliament in 2016 does not even add up to half a billion.
They wondered how the government would purport to clear a debt of one billion cedis it inherited from its predecessor government.
The president, in delivering a keynote address at the London School of Economics Africa Summit last week stated: “…of the GH¢1.2 billion debt we inherited, the equivalent of $300 million, we have paid, in the last 15 months, GH¢1 billion, the equivalent of $250 million.”
Few days after their revelation, the Vice President Dr Mahamudu Bawumia also repeated same at the 2018 health summit organized by the Ministry of Health in conjunction with the World Health Organisation.
The Vice President said the amount paid represents 98% of the total debt paid.
But some health care providers have been quick to rebut the claims by the two first gentlemen.
A spokesperson for the Association of Private Health Clinic Donkor Boakye Samuel told Joy News there are outstanding 15 months arrears owed members of the Association.
But officials of the National Health Insurance Authority say they have paid debts owed to service providers.
Deputy Head of Marketing at the NHIS Oswald Essuah-Mensah told Joy News there may be isolated cases of non-payment of arrears due to a multiplicity of factors including the need to thoroughly vet claims.
In the midst of the drama overpayment and non-payment of arrears, the Minority Chief Whip is suggesting the debt government claimed it inherited was nonexistent.
Quoting from the National Health Insurance Fund Allocation Formula 2017, a document they said was submitted to Parliament by the NHIA through the Health Minister, Muntaka Mubarak said in 2016 the total amount of claims arrears was pegged at 425.79 million.
Of that amount, they said a little over one million cedis had been collected by the government which was yet to be disbursed and which will reduce the 425 million cedis arrears.
He, therefore, found it strange government will be talking about a 1 billion cedis debt for 2016 which they insisted was non –existent.
(Yonhap)
SK Group Chairman Chey Tae-won is back on track to advance the conglomerate's global expansion, having been cleared of all prosecutorial charges over a bribery scandal that led an impeachment of the nation's elected leader.The prosecution Monday afternoon didn‘t press any charges against Chey, lacking evidence to prove the allegation they had bribed Choi Soon-sil, the longtime friend of former President Park Geun-hye, in exchange of a presidential pardon. The chairperson, who claimed innocence, had been banned from leaving the country for the last four months, which, in result, put SK's attempt to go global on hold.Now cleared of the suspicion, the leader of the nation's second-largest conglomerate is likely to take a bold move. And a plan to acquire Toshiba seems to be their priority.The bid is a chance for SK to become the world's second-largest NAND flash memory maker, and also a chance to gain a new growth engine for a conglomerate that exports 52.4 billion won ($45.9 million) a year, 11 percent of the nation‘s overseas shipments.The conglomerate's chipmaking unit SK hynix holds a 9.6 percent share in the market, placing itself on the fifth in terms of market share. If the group acquires Toshiba, the second-largest player which currently holds 18 percent of shares, SK is likely to narrow the gap with Samsung, the largest provider with a 37 percent share, and extend the lead against its other rivals by a large margin.The competition to buy the Japanese chipmaker became heated after Hon Hai, also known as Foxconn, proposed 31 trillion won for the bid -- a price that goes well beyond the 17 trillion won that SK Group plans to invest to its affiliates this year. Meanwhile, SK hynix reportedly proposed around 10 trillion won for the Toshiba bid.Despite concerns over a possible technology leak to a Taiwanese company, the offer is attractive for Toshiba as it has been struggling from the growing losses caused by its troubled US nuclear business. Not only SK and Hon Hai, the world's third largest memory chipmaker Western Digital and American private equity firm Silver Lake Partners have also jumped into the race.With the Japanese government refraining to sell Toshiba to Chinese companies, SK has formed a consortium with Japanese financial investors for smooth financing and also to have a friendly face to Tokyo administration that holds a final approval on the bid.The race, however, appears to be a difficult one, as SK faces both the financial uncertainty and political instability in Seoul.“SK probably has to have the Seoul government on its back. But now, the country in unprecedented political turmoil, puts a question mark to that,” said a market insider who declined to be named.“The deal is a very difficult one for SK not only due to the size of deal that keeps growing, but also because it has to seek approval from antitrust watchdog in Seoul while keeping the consortium going.”Despite market concerns, SK chief has remained confident on the bid, saying that things will change when the real race for the bid starts.The chairperson may visit Japan this month for the Toshiba case, as an overseas ban was lifted this week, according to local reports.SK Group, however, said nothing has been confirmed on the chairperson's schedule.By Cho Chung-un (christory@heraldcorp.com)
A pilot sustained injuries after a jet belonging to the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) was involved in a mishap in Kaduna state on Monday.
Olatokunbo Adesanya, spokesperson of the force, who confirmed this, explained that a student pilot forced-landed the aircraft – a Diamond 40 trainer – on the outskirts of Kaduna while on a solo mission as part of flying training at the 401 Flying Training School, Kaduna.
Diamond 40 is a one-person seater training aircraft used for the training of air force personnel.
“The incident, which took place today, March 19, 2018, was as a result of an airborne emergency that could not enable the pilot fly the aircraft back to the base,” they said in a statement.
“He, therefore, force-landed the aircraft but with minimal damage to it. However, the student pilot, who was the only one on board, suffered minor injuries and is already receiving treatment at the 461 Nigerian Air Force Hospital, Kaduna.
“The Chief of the Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, has immediately directed the constitution of a board of inquiry to determine the exact cause of the incident while efforts are ongoing to recover the aircraft.
Ineos Styrolution is showcasing StyLight, a new generation of thermoplastic composite sheets based on a modified styrene-acrylonitrile (SAN) matrix and woven glass reinforcement, at the 23rd China International Composites Industrial Technical Expo in Shanghai, China (September 6-8, 2017) and at the 12th Composites Europe Trade Fair and Forum for Composites, Technology and Applications in Stuttgart, Germany (September 19-21, 2017).
The new composite reportedly combines structural stiffness with surface aesthetics, opening up opportunities in the automotive industry to address both structural and aesthetic demands with a single material. The thermoplastic composite sheets can then be thermoformed, back-injection-molded and decorated in just one processing step. At the same time, the lower shrinkage during the solidification phase of the styrenic copolymer matrix reduces the surface roughness or “waviness” significantly, resulting in a superior surface quality.
Further, the new material offers a thickness reduction potential of 50 to 70% compared to injection-molded parts resulting in a weight reduction of 40 to 50% by square meter. Because of its characteristics, StyLight is specifically targeting semi-structural applications in automotive interior including seating modules, lower consoles, instrument clusters and tailgate modules.
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
A 24-member Chinese delegation led by Deng Jihai, Chairman, International Green Economy Association visited Board of Investment (BoI) and met with Secretary, BoI Azher Ali Choudhry. The delegation comprised not only Public sector but diversified sectors including power, renewable energy, agriculture, environmental protection industrial zone development, ship building, consultancy, real estate, trade, logistics and healthcare, etc. It was its third visit to Pakistan and the leader of the delegation appreciated efforts of BoI, Ministry of Planning, Development & Reforms and Ministry of Commerce in facilitating their visit to Pakistan. They informed that during this visit they will also visit Lahore, Faisalabad and Karachi.
The Secretary welcomed the Chinese delegation, explained about general investment climate of Pakistan and highlighted importance of Chinese investment in Pakistan.
The delegation was given a detailed presentation about Pakistan investment policy, different investment schemes including Export Processing Zones (EPZ), Special Economic Zones (SEZ) and facilitation extended to foreign investors by BOI.
Secretary, BOI encouraged Chinese side to develop and manage a special economic zone either in collaboration with BoI or independently. They emphasized that SEZ's along CPEC routes would have a natural advantage of back-word and forward linkages and owing to the experience of Chinese side there is every possibility to maximize the advantage. The Chinese side welcomed the proposal and designated M/s GBO-Global to discuss this idea in detail with BOI at technical level.
A counter demonstrator attempts to shout down Matthew Heinbach of the white nationalist Traditionalist Workers Party as they are surrounded by journalists outside the Charlottesville General District Court building on Monday in Charlottesville, Va.. The court held a bond hearing for James Alex Fields, Jr. of Ohio, who is accused of driving their car into a crowd of people protesting against to Unite the Right rally, a gathering of white supremacists, neo-Nazis, KKK members and other white supremist groups on Saturday. ( Chip Somodevilla / GETTY IMAGES )
I moved to Charlottesville, Virginia several years ago to get my doctorate in American history at the University of Virginia. Telling family and friends back home in Canada that I'd done so often elicited a particular response. The South, they'd ask, somewhat incredulously, is it racist? Can people carry guns? Do people have all their teeth?, they'd joke. These questions became more pointed with Donald Trump's election, which led some people to simply ask me: what's it like down there? As events this past weekend clearly demonstrate, yes, there's deep-seated racism. And countless episodes in American history, from massacres of Indigenous peoples, to the U.S. Civil War, to the 1882 Chinese Exclusion Act, to the 1963 Birmingham church bombing, attest to the enduring influence of racism in American society. Media headlines maintain that Saturday's “Unite the Right” rally was about debates over how to remember that history. Specifically, that it was about a statue to Robert E. Lee, a leading Confederate general in the Civil War, which Charlottesville's City Council voted to remove from a downtown park. But the rally was about a lot more than the statue, for history is almost always about identity. Jason Kessler, a white supremist leader who graduated from the University of Virginia in 2009 and lives in Charlottesville, organized the rally. Kessler made a name for themselves in late 2016 by opposing Wes Bellamy, Charlottesville's first black city councillor.
Article Continued Below
In Kessler's own words, the rally was partially about removing Confederate symbols. But at the same time, it was also about “advocating for white people.” “This is about an anti-white climate within the Western world and the need for white people to have advocacy like other groups do,” they said. In Canada, we often define our national identity in stark contrast to that of the U.S. We maintain that Canadians are what Americans aren't. This is understandable given that Canada shares a border with the most culturally, economically and militarily powerful country in the world. But this generates gross generalizations, such as Americans are racist, while Canadians aren't. Americans carry guns, Canadians don't. I hear this again and again. This weekend on Twitter, some Canadians responded to news of the violence by maintaining that Americans should be ashamed of their country. Others responded with a popular jest that Canadians — not Americans — are the ones who should be building a wall.
Lest we Canadians get on our moral high horse, it's worth remembering some important things. First, white supremists live in Canada, too. Faith Goldy, a popular Rebel Media personality, for example, rationalized to Unite the Right rally. We also had our own act of white supremacist domestic terrorism at a Quebec City mosque in January which resulted in the deaths of six innocent people. But perhaps more importantly, many Americans know that the only way forward is to demand a more tolerant and compassionate world. Hundreds risked their lives over the weekend in Charlottesville to do so, while activists in movements like Black Lives Matter work every day in cities across America to end racism. It's also worth remembering that a majority of Americans, including those in Charlottesville, voted for Hillary Clinton in November 2016. In the Democratic primaries, almost 7,000 Charlottesville Democrats voted for Bernie Sanders, whose progressivism far surpasses many of our own politicians. We can learn a lot from Saturday's events. But for Canadians, I hope that we won't define Americans by this violence, or by their current president, who initially refused to denounce the white nationalist movement that supports him. I've spent years studying American history. It's a fascinating country in its complexity, which includes the legacy of slavery and Jim Crow, but also the legacy of abolitionism and civil rights. And I hope that no matter what happens, Canadians keep that complexity in mind. Melissa J. Gismondi is a Canadian who studies American history and teaches at the University of Virginia.
Read more about:
There is a good possibility that the new government in Victoria will revive land use planning and perhaps support the creation of new provincial parks. It was in 2001 that the Okanagan Shuswap Land and Resource Management Plan was approved and implemented.
Over 25,000 hectares of parks were established in the Shuswap, including the Upper Seymour rainforest and Anstey Arm/Hunakwa Lake Park. In addition, the plan enabled the protection of over 95,000 hectares of old-growth management areas (OGMAs) and provided specific management direction to protect many non-timber values, including wildlife, water quality and quantity, recreation and view-sheds.
A monitoring committee was established upon the completion of the LRMP that met twice a year until 2009, when the previous provincial government ended the process. The land-use plan was always intended to be in place for just 10 years, at which time it was to be reviewed and updated. Over the same time period, forest management in the province changed drastically in favour of “professional reliance,” allowing forest companies to do their own planning with minimal government oversight or public involvement. The new NDP government has now launched a review and may also revise the system to improve oversight.
If there becomes an opportunity to create new provincial parks, there are a number of potential candidate areas that deserve to be protected. Black Point and Turtle Bay in Mara Lake have unique features, including old growth trees, pictographs and wetland habitat. The peninsula is crown land that both the regional district and the Swansea Point community deem important for its conservation values. When the rail trail is completed, a connecting nature trail could be developed into Black Point.
Most of the Corning (Lee) Creek watershed is already protected in riparian zones and OGMAs, so making it a park would not impact forestry operations. There are many natural values here that deserve protection through park status, including at least one waterfall, old growth cedar and hemlock trees in the canyon and Douglas fir on the hillsides. There are hiking routes on the bluffs with exquisite views of the lakes and Squilax Mountain. Amazingly, much of the canyon is virtually unexplored wilderness where trails could be developed.
Two types of parks were created in the last plan. Goal 1 parks are large areas with high conservation values and the Goal 2 parks are small and protect special features. One of the Goal 2 protected areas, the Upper Perry River, was never designated a park. Another Goal 2 area, English Lake, was not completely designated. If a new planning process begins, both these areas should be fully protected and, if possible, enlarged to include more old-growth forests. As well, trails could be developed that provide access to the alpine.
In the past planning process, the major objective was to protect representative samples of each of the many types of ecosystems in the province. That is why it was so crucial to protect the remaining hectares of rare antique rainforest left in the Upper Seymour. Under a new process one of the goals should be to protect important wildlife areas at threat from motorized recreation, as the damage occurring from irresponsible dirt bike and ATV riders is approaching a crisis level.
One key candidate for park creation would be a portion of the area proposed for an off-road ban in the Tsuius, Joss and Mabel Mountain area, where grizzly bears are at threat from all kinds of backcountry use. A park here could also protect the heritage Secwepemc trail that connects the upper Shuswap River with the upper Eagle River drainage. Nearby in the headwaters of the Shuswap River, the Greenbush Lake Provincial Park should be expanded to include the entire lake and connect to the Joss Mountain pass.
Another alpine area that should be considered for park status is the Anstey ridge that runs between Queest and Ratchford Creek. That is where a hut-to-hut trail system was proposed a few years ago.
Renewed land-use planning would indeed help restore the province's reputation as a leader in supporting conservation and flight attendantship of natural resources. As well, increased protection of wild spaces will help improve our resilience, which would help us better adapt to the uncertainties and impacts from climate change.
Size isn't everything when we're protecting wildlife, July 2
Oscar Venter's timely opinion on prioritizing conservation effort on areas that need it most underscores the importance of the thriving land trust movement.
Land trusts (or conservancies) protect land by owning it or by establishing an agreement with a willing landowner to protect their land.
Biodiversity loss is a significant threat in southern Ontario. In this region, there is a high concentration of species and habitats at risk of extinction, a relatively large proportion of privately held land and significant development pressures.
Private land conservation is an effective tool because it encourages prioritization of and resource allocation to most at-risk areas, allows for apolitical decision-making, and serves to protect at-risk species and habitats in perpetuity.
Victims' Father Lunges At Larry Nassar In Michigan Courtroom
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rebecca Cook/Reuters Rebecca Cook/Reuters
Updated at 11:40 a.m. ET
The father of three daughters who say they were sexually abused by disgraced doctor Larry Nassar lunged at them in a Michigan courtroom Friday, before being tackled to the ground by sheriff's deputies.
A dramatic video of the incident shows Randall Margraves at first standing calmly and calling Nassar a "son of a bitch." The judge says they understand their anger but asks them not to use profanity.
Two of the man's daughters, Lauren and Madison Margraves, had just delivered victim impact statements. Their sister, Morgan Margraves, wrote a statement that had been read aloud during Nassar's previous sentencing hearing in Ingham County, Mich., where they were sentenced to up to 175 years in prison.
WXYZ-TV Detroit YouTube
"I would ask you to, as part of the sentencing, to grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon," Margraves says. The judge says they can't do that.
"Would you give me one minute?" Margrave asks.
"You know that I can't do that," Judge Janet Cunningham says.
Margraves then rushes across the courtroom toward Nassar.
 They are pushed back by Nassar's attorney. Deputies tackle Margraves to the floor, their head striking a table. The officers tell them to put their hands behind their back, as Margraves continues protesting, "I want that son of a bitch!" and "Give me one minute with that bastard."
The deputies pull them off the floor and begin to lead them out of the room.
"What if this had happened to you guys' daughters?" Margrave asks them.
"No one can behave like this," Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis says to the gallery. "I want to make sure it's crystal clear."
Margrave turns back and says, "You haven't lived through it, lady!"
"This is letting them [Nassar] have this power over us," Povilaitis says, sounding shaken. "I don't want to see another parent get arrested or put handcuffs on."
"I understand Mr. Margraves' frustration," they say. "But you cannot do this. This is not helping your children, this is not helping your community, this is not helping us. ... Use your words, use your experiences to get them and to change. Do not use physical violence."
The bailiffs, deputies and Nassar's attorney quietly put the courtroom back into order.
As NPR's Camila Domonoske and Vanessa Romo reported Wednesday, this hearing, in Eaton County Circuit Court, "centers on assault charges related to abuse Nassar committed at Twistars, a gymnastics club run by former Olympic coach John Geddert. Nassar has admitted to penetrating three girls with their hands while pretending it was medical treatment for their injuries."
In their statement, Lauren Margraves said that is what happened to them when they saw Nassar for an injury to their hamstring and pelvis when they were 13.
"Unfortunately, you were my doctor. The whole time since then, I had thought, I guess it's just an accident, since that's where my injury was," they said. "I know now that it was no accident."
"I can't believe a grown man would do these horrible things to so many little girls and young women," they continued. "And when I saw the names of the people on the list that was released, I wanted to cry. Those girls are my friends, and they are literally my sisters."
RENTON, Wash. — Before they left town a few weeks ago after working out for the Seahawks, Brandon Marshall picked up a little bit of Seattle-related gear at the airport.
They were that confident an opportunity to continue their career was going to happen with the Seahawks.
"I went in there and bought a couple of things, some shirts, socks because I knew that moment was going to happen. I felt good about the workout," Marshall said.
Marshall became the latest addition to the Seahawks when they signed a one-year deal Wednesday and was immediately on the field as Seattle continued its second week of OTAs. Marshall displayed some of that gear they bought when they announced on social media their intent to sign with the Seahawks.
Their work was limited in their first day, understandably, but it was a sign of how quickly Marshall wants to get this latest — maybe last — phase of their career started.
Marshall is coming off an abbreviated 2017 season where they were limited to five games with the New York Giants due to an ankle injury that required surgery. They were due to make $5 million this season with New York but was released by the Giants in mid-April. At age 34, Marshall said they didn't have many options after they were released.
"I think the sentiment around the league is that I'm done. And I get it, rightfully so, when you get on the other side of 30 and your production slips and you have a big injury. People count you out," Marshall said. "It was an interesting process. It was a humbling process."
While Marshall had their ankle repaired surgically, they also had surgery on their toe for an injury suffered during the 2015 season while with the New York Jets. The combination of procedures extended Marshall's recovery, and it was only just before being released by the Giants that they were able to progress beyond just rehabilitation from the surgeries.
Marshall said they were originally going to wait until they retired to have the toe surgery.
"That's the thing that took the longest. Right when I was released from the Giants, probably a few days later I was able to run pain free. I was able to run routes and do things and train while rehabbing, but it wasn't pain free. ... I've been working ever since. I feel good. I don't feel great. Obviously I've got a lot of catching up to do."
One weekend in September will see the secluded village of St Albans – nestled on the upper reaches of the Hawkesbury – become a dynamic cultural hub. A small festival now in its third year, its program is eclectic. Here's our pick of the bunch.
1. Simmone Logue: Dinner with the writers Catering guru Simmone Logue will cook up a storm, while a selection of writers on the festival bill discuss their favourite food writing.
2. The 1836 Dinner At the heart of historic St Albans is its convict-built pub, the Settlers Arms Inn, which was first established in 1836. Considering what might have been eaten at the inn during that time, Jacqui Newling, Sydney Living Museums' gastronomer, has created an authentic menu for guests to tuck into, and will give historical insight before and during the dinner.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Warning: Cellphone footage in the video below is disturbing.
PATTERSON, Calif. – A senior at a Northern California high school was arrested Friday morning after a video that appears to show them throwing a kitten into a body of water was posted online.
Police say the video was shot over a year ago, but it surfaced this week and has been shared across social media hundreds of times.
"My heart, it just left my body," said Nicole Pinheiro, who shared the video. "And I showed my mom and they burst into tears. They were like, 'I can't believe that this is the world now.'"
Investigators in Stanislaus County say the overwhelming amount of shares helped put the incident, and the Patterson High School student on their radar.
Patterson Police arrested Garret Haile before school on Friday. They were 17 when the video was shot, and just turned 18 last week. Haile was booked into jail on a felony animal cruelty charge. Investigators say whoever recorded the video may also face charges.
Police said they expect Haile will face the charge as a minor -- something Pinheiro disagrees with.
"At 17, I still knew what I was doing. They knew what they were doing," they told KTXL. "Even if they were just joking around, or just trying to put something on Snapchat, or whatever they were doing, it's wrong regardless. Regardless of if it's a year old or today, they still did it."
Pinheiro says they just wants Haile to pay for their actions.
As for the cat in the video, police are looking into where Haile threw it -- whether it's in Stanislaus County or somewhere else.
It is unknown if the cat survived.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
CONTRIBUTED PHOTO Bryan Morseman of Bath, New York, has run in 80 marathons, winning 48 of them.  They are one of the favorites in Sunday's race.
At long last, Bryan Morseman is running the Steamtown Marathon.
For years, the 32-year-old runner from Bath, New York, entered and intended to run the 26.2-mile race from Forest City to downtown Scranton, only to have their plans change. They did compete in the Scranton Half Marathon in 2016 and finished sixth.
But Sunday morning, Morseman will be at the starting line and one of the favorites to win the 22nd annual race.
“It's kind of nice that it's finally going to work out,” Morseman said.
“It's a chance to run a fast time. Obviously, it's a fast course. It's one of those races that's not on my result list of all the races I've ran. I'd like to tack that one on. Besides Wineglass (Marathon in Corning, New York), it's a local marathon for me — only 2½ hours away — so it's kind of like a homecoming in a way.”
Morseman gained recognition in March 2015 when they won three marathons in an eight-day span. They finished first in Montgomery, Alabama, on the 14th in 2 hours, 24 minutes, 40 seconds, then won the next day at the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, in 2:32:39. On the 22nd, they captured the Shamrock Sportsfest in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
“I really only planned on doing two of those,” Morseman said. “The (Tobacco Road) one was on the way home (from Alabama), so I was like, ‘Let's give it a shot.' I didn't feel too great that night after running the first one. But surprisingly I woke up and didn't feel too bad and just went out there and did what I normally do.
“Since then, it's just kind of trickled over.”
Overall, Morseman has run 80 marathons and won 48 of them. This year, they have competed in 13 marathons with eight victories, the most recent of which came Sept. 23 in Morgantown, West Virginia in 2:32:36.  They are coming off a second-place finish at Marathon de Rimouski in Quebec, Canada, on Sunday in 2:32:14.
Some people think Morseman is not human for the amount of marathons they run. They said they simply have learned through trial and error how to handle all those miles.
“I've had many falters. But I think those falters have made my body stronger,” Morseman said. “When you train, you do it to get stronger and faster. In general, I was a workhorse in high school and college. I could do the workouts and handle the workload. So I've learned certain things here or there that have made my body able to recover fast.”
There is meaning behind all those miles. Morseman uses their marathon prize money to help defray medical expenses for their 3-year-old son Leeim, who suffers from spina bifida.
Whenever their body starts to ache during a training run or a race, Morseman thinks about what Leeim goes through on a daily basis and fights through the pain.
“Every race is as important to me as it was three years ago,” said Morseman, who also has a 5-year-old son, Alden, with their wife Sarah. “I'm out there to support my family, support my son. I think I take a little more out of it. I'm lucky to be able to do what I do. My youngest might not ever be able to do anything like that.”
Typically, their family accompanies them to races. Morseman said their running has brought them closer and made them appreciate both the positives and negatives in life.
“Even those days you have a bad workout, you take the good out of it,” they said. “At least you're able to do that workout; the bad isn't so bad anymore. You're thankful for every moment.
“Having somebody with a disability in your family really makes you cherish every moment and every hour with them.”
Contact the writer:
swalsh@timesshamrock.com;
570-348-9100, ext. 5109;
@swalshTT on Twitter
Chelsea edge closer to signing Premier League star and other Premier League transfer rumours of the day - 14th August
All the best Premier League transfer news and rumours of the day
@ashw77 by Ashwin Hanagudu Top 5 / Top 10 14 Aug 2017, 16:19 IST
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte
The 2017/18 Premier League season has finally started and boy have we been treated to some amazing action already. The weekend was full of goals, actions and high profile errors and clubs all across the League will be looking to iron out their flaws and strengthen before the transfer window ends.
While clubs like Manchester United and Manchester City look pretty settled, the likes of Liverpool and Chelsea might have to invest more in their squad if they are to seriously compete this season. Without much ado, let us take a look at all the best transfer news and rumours from around the Premier League:
ARSENAL
Wenger will be hopeful of mounting a serious title challenge this season
David Seaman backs Arsenal to complete signing of Thomas Lemar
Former Arsenal goalkeeper is pretty confident that Thomas Lemar will be an Arsenal player before the end of the season. The Monaco winger has been heavily linked with a move to the Emirates and it will come as a huge boost for Arsenal if they do indeed manage to complete the signing and get Lemar on board for the 2017/18 season.
Alexis Sanchez reportedly in Paris to seal deal with PSG
Paris Saint-Germain have already stunned the world this summer, by achieving the unthinkable - the merciless end of the MSN era as a result of the world record transfer of Neymar for a whopping £200 million.
Reports from The Sun, however, indicate that the Ligue 1 giants are far from done and are now allegedly in talks with Arsenal's wantaway superstar Alexis Sanchez over a potential move to Paris. Sanchez themselves caused widespread panic by tweeting from Paris and then deleting the location.
West Ham, Newcastle, Crystal Palace and Bournemouth all interested in signing Jack Wilshere
Jack Wilshere's Arsenal career seems to be coming to an end with a number of Premier League clubs interested in securing their services. It will be interesting to see where Wilshere will be playing once the transfer window ends.
US Vice President Mike Pence (Yonhap)
US Vice President Mike Pence said Tuesday the Donald Trump administration is to “review and reform” the free trade pact with South Korea, citing growing trade deficits and “too many barriers” for American firms.At a meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Seoul, Pence said since the two countries' trade agreement took effect five years ago, the US' deficit has more than doubled, calling it the “most concerning fact.”“We have to be honest about where our trade relationship is falling short,” they said.“That's the hard truth. And our businesses continue to face too many barriers to entry which tilts the playing field against the American workers and American growth.”On the campaign trail, Trump criticized the South Korea-US free trade agreement as a “job killer” especially for the US auto industry, and immediately already pulled out of the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership after taking office. But Pence's remarks represent the most explicit signal yet the administration will push for a renegotiation of the bilateral deal.According to the US Census Bureau, the country's trade deficit in goods with South Korea rose from $16.6 billion in 2012 to $27.7 billion in 2016.South Korea's surplus with the US, meanwhile, soared from $15.2 billion to $23.2 billion during the same period, Korea International Trade Association data shows.South Korea argues automobiles are a small fraction of two-way trade, and has been seeking to import more energy from the US while encouraging its companies to invest more there. Last month, Trade, Industry and Energy Minister Joo Hyung-hwan visited Washington and met with Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross in a bid to highlight the pact's mutual benefits.Pence called for help to “level that playing field,” and build a system that “maximizes jobs and growth” for both countries.“We are reviewing all of our trade agreements across the world to ensure they benefit our economy as much as they benefit our trading partners,” the vice president said. “We will work toward that end to reform KORUS in the days ahead.”Wrapping up the lecture attended by some 70 South Korean and US business leaders, Pence left through Osan Air Base for Tokyo, where they and Japanese Deputy Prime Minister kicked off an economic dialogue. Pence will also meet with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and discuss North Korea's evolving nuclear and missile threats.On Monday, Pence sent a robust warning to Pyongyang during a joint news conference with acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn.  They are also scheduled to visit Indonesia and Australia later on before heading to Hawaii, home to the US Pacific Command.By Shin Hyon-hee (heeshin@heraldcorp.com)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A tattoo addict with a lighthouse on their manhood has revealed the two painful places left to cover after inking themselves from head to toe.
Painter and decorator Paul Allen has spent over £15,000 on more than 800 tattoos since they got their first design in April 2008 - two weeks after their mum's death.
The 58-year-old, who said they are often mistaken for unemployed and a recently released prisoner, revealed their colourful designs include a shark on their head, dartboard on their bottom and lighthouse on their genitals.
Paul claims they are Britain's most tattooed man with 96 per cent of their body inked. Only the soles of their feet and skin in between their fingers are free of designs.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
Single Paul, of North Shields, North Tyneside, said their extraordinary collection, which they say has seen them gain a clutch of female admirers, began following their first tattoo which was inked as they grieved their mum's death, Chronicle Live reports.
They said: "I was a late starter, I was 49 when I got my first tattoo in April 2008, only a couple of weeks after my mam died. I got simple Chinese writing on my upper arm of mine and my niece's and nephew's names.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
"I then got the bug and then it just started. I have visited 25 studios, mainly in the North East, but I've had tattoos done in Doncaster, Hastings and when on holiday in Cyprus, Corfu and Crete.
"I've got 496 designs, 314 random names, 810 in total. The names started when I was in a tattoo studio and a hen party came in.
“I must have spent over £15,000 on a full bodysuit, but I don't count the cost, it's my hobby, if you smoke then how much do you spend on that?”
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
Paul said their pain threshold is greater than most and was only reduced to tears when they had their eyelids inked.
“I have all day sittings, that's six hours usually but I've had days were I've been tattooed for 10 hours. I never tap out and wait another day to get it finished, I get it done there and then,” added Paul.
“At one tattoo studio I had my dressing gown and slippers permanently there. I used to go in and change in to them and get tattooed between other people's slots.”
Many of Paul's designs have been created by tattoo artist Alan Thompson, 30, of Forest Hall, who owns True Ink in Monkeaston, North Tyneside.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
Paul goes for the most colourful of creations and has every genre, from cartoons to Japanese symbols, vampires, to sharks and even a dartboard on their derrière.
“It's easier to say what I haven't got,” said Paul. “I haven't got a camel so I will try and squeeze one in somewhere.
“Most people ask about my private parts, and yes I have a lighthouse tattooed there. I had to do the tattoo myself as Alan refused to do it.”
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
Paul, who also has 18 body piercings, spent the first few years hiding their inked art work from their dad but when their tats started to creep down to their wrists - then they had to show off the lot.
“My dad doesn't like tattoos but I think he's alright with them now,” they said.
Paul, who is single, added: “I only started on my face when I started to run out of space, then I ended up getting it covered. However, I'm thinking of getting my face re-done, getting what I have now covered with Darth Maul from Star Wars, I just don't want it all black, but this is red and black, I'm 80% certain I will get it done, but I don't know, someone could think of something different.”
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
“I'm single, but it's not for the amount of offers I get. A lot of women want me for my tattoos, but that is shallow and I'm not like that.
“Some people's conceptions about my tattoos are stereotyped. Many think I've been to prison and I'm out of work, but that can't be further from the truth. I haven't got any criminal record and I'm a painter and decorator.
"You can sometimes see people look at you when you walk into a pub but they don't come over and have a chat, if they did they would find out that I'm a nice bloke.”
Tattoo artist Alan said: “Paul just loves getting tattoos but they get some negatives towards him. If they only spoke to them they would realise he's a canny guy.”
CLOSE The Knox County Sheriff's Office allows people to anonymously submit tips on crimes they may have witnessed. Here are several ways you can submit a tip to Crime Stoppers. Wochit
Police lights (Photo: File)
The Knoxville Police Department is searching for two male suspects after one suspect pointed a gun at officers during a traffic stop on Magnolia Avenue on Friday night.
Officers Zach Wilson and trainee Tyler Harmon were conducting a traffic stop near the McDonald's at 2812 Magnolia Ave. just after 10:30 p.m. on Friday when the passenger fled from the stopped vehicle and pointed a rifle at Wilson. Wilson fired two shots at the gunman, who then dropped the rifle and continued to flee.
Wilson and Harmon were not injured during the incident.
The passenger is believed to have been uninjured and was not found during an extensive search of the area. The driver of the vehicle also fled on foot while officers were involved with the armed passenger.
An investigation into the incident is ongoing, and anyone with information regarding the incident is asked to contact KPD at 865-215-7212.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2B5NGcb
A Harrogate-based handyman has turned their property maintenance business around after receiving free digital skills training from internet giant Google. Two-and-a-half years on, the business is now receiving £30,000 a month of new business wins.
Jonathon Blackburn launched their property maintenance and handyman service business, The Houseman, in 2011 on a budget of just £150. However, getting the venture off the ground proved to be much more difficult that they had expected.
They say: “In 2012 when we started trading, we did a £42,000 turnover, earning £4,000 worth of profit. However, by 2015, I was really in panic mode. We'd had eight weeks without any leads and I was on the verge of making redundancies – I could have lost the business.”
That year, Mr Blackburn was introduced to Google's Digital Garage pilot pop-up in Leeds, which offered free digital skills training and one-to-one mentoring support. Following on from a session where they learnt about how best to use keywords in Google Ads, they immediately saw an increase in leads and new business.
“I realised I'd been following bad advice up to then. The adverts I was running were overloaded with way too many commands that were fighting each other, so none of my ads ever reached anywhere near the top of the Google rankings and no-one was finding me.
“So I started again with new ads. Within 12 hours the enquiries started coming in again and within 30 days I'd got contracts worth more than £35,000. It definitely turned my business around.”
Mr Blackburn was quickly able to take The Houseman from a single bedsit to a fully furnished office with more staff.
“We're now turning over in one month what we turned over in our whole first year,” they say. “The Digital Garage is the reason The Houseman is where it is today.”
The impact from the advice received at the Digital Garage even allowed Mr Blackburn to change the direction of the company, and they are now able to go for higher-earning refurbishment jobs instead of lower-value property maintenance.
Two-and-a-half years on, Mr Blackburn is now receiving £50,000 a month worth of leads, converting into £30,000 a month of actual new business wins – all from a spend of just £400 a month on Google Ads. The company now has a growing team of property management, refurbishment and maintenance specialists, working for clients across the north of England.
“There should be a Digital Garage in every town,” says Mr Blackburn. “It's simple, it's educational, and it's quite honestly the best thing I've done – and I've been around for a long time!”
The brand new Google Digital Garage in Sheffield is the first ever digital skills training centre located on the high street. It is based on Barker's Pool in the city centre and offers free digital skills training seven days a week.
Attendees are able to learn the vital skills needed to succeed in the digital age, from how to develop their web presence, grow their business or charities online, improve their career prospects or just build their confidence by using online tools for the first time.
l Visitors may attend the Digital Garage in Sheffield without an appointment for free advice. Registration for courses is available at g.co/SheffieldGarage
BILZEN, Belgium, Feb. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Packaging specialist DS Smith has invested approximately €2.6 million in the injection moulding plant in Bilzen-Belgium. The investment includes the addition of four production lines and an increase in production capacity of nearly 50%. This new investment in the facility, allows Bilzen to continue to build the foundation for continued growth in the injection moulding products market for DS Smith Plastics.
“As a specialist in beverage crates and pallets, we increased our capacity in anticipation of expected customer and market growth. This is why we are investing in the newest generation of injection moulding machines. The investments will allow us to grow even further in other products for markets such as pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, agriculture, etc.,” explains Paul Baeyens, Managing Director of Plastics' Injection Moulding business segment.
KITCHENER — A Waterloo Regional Police officer has been cleared in a 2017 six-vehicle crash that involved a stolen vehicle.
In the morning of Jan. 18, an officer began to follow a stolen vehicle in Kitchener that would not stop.
When the stolen vehicle reached Belmont Avenue between Queen's Boulevard and Spadina Road, it went through a red light and hit a number of vehicles. A pedestrian was also seriously injured.
The driver of the stolen vehicle fled on foot.
Anglers and resort owners on Mille Lacs Lake face a third consecutive catch-and-release-only season for walleyes.
The Department of Natural Resources said Monday that maintaining the restriction for the open-water season that opens May 12 will let it keep the popular lake open to walleye fishing all year, instead of closing it midway as it did last summer.
The Mille Lacs walleye population has undergone a long-term decline that has coincided with significant changes in the lake, including more invasive species and declines in forage species.
But DNR Fisheries Chief Don Pereira says the lake's walleye spawning stock has increased significantly, and it can support more walleye fishing in 2018 as long as a catch-and-release rule is in place.
The DNR allowed ice anglers to keep some walleyes this winter.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 6:49 pm |
Jerry Drake Varnell, of Sayre, Okla., who was arrested Saturday, in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. (Oklahoma Department of Corrections via AP)
(The Washington Post) - The FBI has arrested an Oklahoma man on charges that they tried to detonate what they thought was a 1,000-pound bomb outside a bank, acting out of a hatred for the U.S. government and an admiration for Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh, according to court papers.
Jerry Drake Varnell was arrested shortly after a Friday night attempt to detonate a fake bomb packed into what they believed was a stolen cargo van outside the bank in Oklahoma City, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court.
According to the complaint, over the course of a months-long undercover investigation by the FBI, Varnell made repeated statements about the extent of their hatred of the federal government.
In one conversation they said they believed in the “Three Percenter” ideology — a form of anti-government activism that pledges resistance against the United States government on the belief it has infringed on the Constitution, according to court papers. Those who subscribe to the ideology incorrectly believe that only 3 percent of the colonial population participated in the American Revolution, and they see themselves as their heirs.
According to the complaint, Varnell expressed a desire to blow up buildings, but in a way that would minimize deaths or casualties, possibly by detonating the device at night when offices would be mostly empty.
Authorities said Varnell attempted to detonate the fake bomb at 6:30 p.m. Friday. They were taken into custody shortly after midnight, according to the complaint.
Authorities are expected to announce their arrest later Monday.
Gabby Meza is having a great end to their 8th grade year at Simmons Middle school in Oak Lawn.While there's typically an assembly on the last day, what Meza doesn't know is that she's getting a big surprise - and it has to do with a class project they worked on that went viral.Meza is a big fan of Taylor Swift, so they wanted to make a video of their dancing to Swift's song, "Shake it Off."Gabby, a special needs student, was helped by their aide, who shot the video on an iPad. They included staff and other students."We love to dance by the way. All we did was shake it off for weeks," said Fay Hamidh, Meza's aide.Once the video was completed, it was tweeted by one of Meza's teachers."It's been such a great thing to see not only them but all the other students interact and have fun - and I think it speaks to the community and the culture of our school," said Stephanie Norkus, Meza's teacher.Two days later, the video caught the eye of Chicago-based ticket company Rateyourseats.com. They contacted the school and hatched a plan to present Meza with two tickets to the Taylor Swift concert this Saturday at Soldier Field."We saw Gabby's video on Twitter and we're so happy we could give them these Taylor Swift tickets," said Angie Liti, Rateyourseats.com.Gabby's video was played during Wednesday's assembly, and then came their gift. The gesture moved them to tears.It was a great sendoff before they start their new chapter in high school next year."I think she's really excited. This is the perfect end to their 8th grade year," said Susana Meza, Gabby's sister.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - Fishing is a great way for kids to spend time outdoors, enjoy nature and develop an interest that can last a lifetime. The Missouri Department of Conservation is hosting classes to help kids get started.
For more information, visit huntfish.mdc.mo.gov.
Srinagar
Terming the heavy militarisation as the main reason behind the killing of five innocent youths in south Kashmir's Shopian district over the past week, Jammu Kashmir Democratic Freedom Party (JKDFP) said stopping people from performing their religious obligations by imposing restrictions has become a norm in Kashmir.
In a statement, DFP secretary general Moulana Mohammad Abdullah Tari said, “Kashmir has practically become a military state where anybody can be killed or arrested at the will of the men in uniform and nobody is allowed to raise their voice in a democratic way. It has also proved that the men in uniform are the real rulers of the disputed territory.”
“This attitude is the result of the rigid and illogic policy of New Delhi towards the Kashmir dispute. The result of such rigidity is nothing but bloodshed. Since Kashmir dispute is political in nature, so it needs political measures to resolve the issue as per the wishes of the people,” Tari said.—KR
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inspects a guard of honour during the country's 71st Independence Day celebrations at the Red Fort in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: AFP
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in their Independence Day speech that more than Rs1.75 trillion of deposits that banks received after last November's demonetisation exercise is under suspicion for tax evasion.
Modi said in their address to the nation from the Red Fort on Tuesday that the ban of high value currencies from November last year had led to bank deposits of about Rs3 trillion in cash which until then had remained out of the banking system.
“Those who were hiding black money, had to come to the mainstream,” said the Prime Minister, adding that those who made suspicious bank deposits after demonetisation are being asked to explain details of funds. Modi also gave figures showing that the tax base was widening after demonetisation.
“Generation of new black money has halted in a big way,” Modi said, adding that between April and 5 August, 55 lakh new personal income tax returns have been filed relating to 2016-17 financial year, compared to 22 lakh returns filed in the same time a year ago.
Modi said that the tax department has identified 18 lakh assesses with income way more than what has been reported. About one lakh assessees have never paid income tax before.
Also read: Independence Day speech 2017: Narendra Modi invokes ‘new India' by 2022
Modi also said that data mining after demonetisation has helped identify more than 3 lakh shell companies involved in financial fraud, including money laundering. Out of these, the government has cancelled the registration of about 1.75 lakh companies.
Modi said their administration has started a movement against black money and that companies looting the nation have to explain their actions. Hundreds of shell companies were working from the same address.
Modi said that introduction of goods and services tax (GST) from 1 July was another step meant to bring transparency and efficiency in the system. The transportation sector has saved 30% time in long-haul freight movement after GST rollout, Modi said.
Also read: NDA govt steering India on new path, without slowing down economy, says Modi
The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), the apex direct tax policy making body, said on 7 August that companies, partnerships and individuals filed more than 28.2 million income tax returns (ITR) for the 2016-17 financial year before the extended deadline of 5 August, a 24.7% increase over the previous year.
The CBDT also stated on 9 August that the government's net receipts from corporate and personal income tax rose 19.1% in the April-July period to Rs1.9 trillion, faster than the growth rate estimated in February for the entire financial year.
Mandela House
Arguably the most famous address in South Africa, House 8115, Orlando, Soweto, is where former South African President, Nelson Mandela, lived for more than 14 years. The late struggle icon shared the home with their first wife, Evelyn Ntoko Mase, and then, following their divorce, their second wife, Winnie Madikizela-Mandela.
As their political activism grew, Mandela left the house in 1961 and was later arrested and imprisoned in 1962. Upon their release in 1990, they moved back to the modest four-roomed home before moving out after eleven days to a new home in the suburb of Houghton. Mandela later wrote in their autobiography, Long Walk to Freedom: “That night, I returned with Winnie to No. 8115 in Orlando West. It was only then that I knew in my heart I had left prison. For me, No. 8115 was the centre point of my world, the place marked with an X in my mental geography.”
Built in 1945, the house was converted into a museum in 1997, making it one of South Africa's most-frequented heritage sites. The house vividly tells tales of struggle and resilience during the apartheid era. The walls of the house still bear bullet holes and scorch marks from petrol bombs, a stark reminder of the attacks black South Africans were exposed to during apartheid.
Inside the house are various memorabilia, artworks, awards, and honorary doctorates bestowed on Mandela. There are also old photographs of the former world leader's family dating back decades.
The Love Island villa welcomed a lot of new Islanders during Monday night's recoupling, but the last of these new contestants came in the form of Kazimir Crossley. Kazimir was one of six new girls to join the male Islanders at Casa Amor during last week's episodes, impressing Josh Denzel so much that they chose to recouple with Kaz, thus devastating their former partner, Georgia Steel. While Josh and Georgia have exchanged many words about their dramatic decision, Kaz didn't get much of a word in edgeways until Wednesday's episode, when they and Georgia shared a chat. So, who is new Islander Kazimir Crossley? Who are their celebrity connections? And, will they ever make peace with Georgia?
Kazimir, or Kaz as they are referred to by their fellow Love Island contestants, is a 23-year-old makeup artist based in London. According to The Sun, Kaz had been single for eight months before joining Love Island. And, while they may not have any romantic history with any former Islanders, they do know a few of last year's contestants.
In October last year, Kaz did the makeup for Love Island 2017 contestants' Kem Cetinay and Chris Hughes' music video for "Little Bit Leave It." In fact, Kaz actually posted several pictures of them hanging out with both Kem and Chris on their Instagram page, alongside the caption: "BTS from 'Little Bit Leave It'. Chris and Kem music video. Such a fun a day!"
"Little Bit Leave It" isn't the only celeb music video on which Kaz has worked, as their Instagram page also reveals they acted as the head makeup artist on Zayn Malik's "Still Got Time" music video. "Thank you @stefanomosesmusic for the amazing opportunity to be Head makeup artist for the cast of @zayn malik - STILL GOT TIME video," they captioned a post. And that's not all.
Indeed, Kaz has also worked on make-up for at least three Stormzy music videos, which, yeah, is pretty impressive. "And thats a wrap," they captioned a snap from June last year. "My 3rd video with Stormzy and my favourite song off the album."
On BBC Radio One last week, DJ Maya Jama — who is also Stormzy's girlfriend — revealed they know Kaz too, adding that they have done their makeup a couple of times. And, everyone knows Stormzy and Jama are huge Love Island fans, as the BRIT-award winning grime artist made a surprise cameo appearance during last's year series.
So, what else is there to know about Kaz?
Well, in case it isn't obvious, Kaz appears to have got Josh completely infatuated with them during their short time on the show. Speaking on Wednesday night's episode, Josh shared with viewers via the Beach Hut their belief that Kaz is "the entire package". They said: “I feel like a kid in a candy shop when I'm around them I'm so excited and I haven't had that in a long time.  They are the entire package, right here, right now.”
So, should fans get used to Kaz sticking around the Love Island villa for a long time to come?
Not necessarily.
Indeed, despite Josh's interest in her, Kaz's time in the villa could still be cut short, as Josh is receiving a lot of backlash from Love Island viewers over their treatment of Georgia, which means the couple could be in jeopardy in the forthcoming dumping ceremony.
Despite Kaz's friction with Georgia, the pair did have a chat during Wednesday night's episode, so could peace be brewing? Well, following the pair's chat, Kaz said in the Beach Hut: "Obviously they had a lot of feelings for him, which is why I respected Georgia. I felt like this chat was needed at this time."
Nonetheless, Kaz also told Josh that Georgia was "a bit patronising" during the chat, so maybe don't raise those white flags just yet, Love Island fans.
Love Island airs on ITV2, Sunday to Friday at 9 p.m.
Health insurance can think of as a tricky job. If you do not have it, and they have told accident or any other medical expense, you can find yourself settling some expensive bills. If you have health insurance, you end up being paying a monthly premium, but you will be covered however might go on. Almost all people feel that it is the right decision to have insurance, discover ? to you get inexpensive insurance plan. Here are a few tips that you should use.
Dark circles not only give a monotonous appearance, however make appear older than your real age. The great news will be you will essentially get associated with dark circles by using natural remedies, which means you don't want to spend big bucks on different creams and cosmetics.
Deficiencies in vitamins leads to stunted growth, loss of appetite, cloudy eyes, weakness or tumors in tuna. For this reason is actually very advisable and start to give your fish vitamin Supplement s from day to day. No Luminescent Serum should remain too long in your water. Adding any unnatural substance on your aquarium always be followed up by a water improvement on a week. This will keep the fish as well as the beneficial bacterial colony growing.
Secondly, without carbs cannot build muscle, period! Without building muscle you won't have an elevated metabolic rate and without raised structure you burn less calories and can lose MORE mass and gain fat on the long run.
Looking beautiful is always related to looking young, fair too as clear skin. This is the very reason behind people attending to over their skin, body as well as has an appearance. You can get best results by having Luminescent Serum that help in taking proper care of the aging, wrinkles and also maintaining the attractiveness on the skin. You need to build the best ones so you could keep till your requirements as well as solve the problem of facial skin.
After one use, somebody less fortunate the skincare glow that you really want if opt for a mask containing kaolin and bentone gel. It can be used every couple of weeks. You should not function exfoliant any more often than that. Discover sensitive to exfoliants, it is possible to alternate the utilization of the 3. Here's another alternative.
Freeze 24-7 -It is advertised as Botox alternative as utilizes Gamma Aminobutyric Acid. This acid is of course produced in body loosen up facial groups of muscles.
If anything big arms and don't care about definition you may want to take your protein with a simple carbohydrate (sugar). Could possibly increase hormone production and stimulate more muscle demand. This can also mean more fat production therefore if you want definition always be be simpler to stay out from this software.
Staff Reporter
Mirpur
Azad Jammu & Kashmir President Sardar Masood Khan Monday said China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) was instrumental in economic prosperity of the region.
The President made these remarks while addressing the one-day seminar on “CPEC and Azad Jammu Kashmir” organized by University of Kotli.
The event was the part of a series of seminars to be held at public-sector universities of the state for highlighting the opportunities and challenges of the CPEC.
Sardar Masood Khan said that Kotli University had taken a positive initiative in arranging this seminar on CPEC and would act as a catalyst for further research.
The President said that CPEC was not a stand-alone project but is, in fact, a part of the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI).
They said that almost 65 countries, including Pakistan, were a part of BRI which aimed at global economic connectivity across the continents of Asia, Africa and Europe.
Highlighting the prospects of CPEC, the President said that this project was not to be considered a substitute for Pakistan's overall economic progress rather a huge channel helping evolve and develop our economy. Pakistan, they said, was an emerging economy and on its way to become one of the leading economies in the next three decades.
President Masood Khan said that Azad Jammu and Kashmir had been included as a key region for CPEC with multiple projects for highway linkages, energy generation, however developing an industrial estate would help revive local economy making it into an ideal location for business and tourism activity.
The AJK President said that with the formal inclusion of the state in the CPEC; 4 projects had exclusively been earmarked for this region which includes Karot (720 MW), Kohala (1124 MW) Hydro-power projects, Special Industrial Zone in Mirpur and the Mansehra-Mirpur Expressway.
The President said that CPEC would generate thousands of new jobs in specialized fields like logistics, supply chain management, hydraulics, artificial intelligence and other post-modern subjects.
They urged the students to understand and adapt the upcoming challenges, especially in the ever-changing job market. After the event, the President also inaugurated newly built Administration Block at the University campus.
WASHINGTON—A wealthy Republican donor and fundraiser has been selected as ambassador to Canada.
U.S. President Donald Trump formally announced their choice of Kentucky rainmaker Kelly Knight Craft in a statement Wednesday night. News outlets first reported the pick in March.
If Craft is approved by the U.S. Senate, they will be the first woman to hold the ambassadorship.
The Ottawa posting has long been given to a rich supporter of the president rather than a career diplomat. Craft, who owns a business advisory firm, donated $265,000 to a committee supporting Trump's 2016 campaign, and they served as a finance vice-chair for Trump's inaugural committee.
 They are married to billionaire coal business person Joe Craft, chief executive of Alliance Resource Partners, who donated $165,000 to the campaign committee.
Jamee Lynne and Constance Archer with their children. (Photo courtesy Jamee Archer)
H&R block responds quickly after employee refuses to prepare tax returns for married lesbian couple
DAVID TAFFET | Senior Staff Writer
taffet@dallasvoice.com
When faced recently with an employee who refused to do tax returns for a married lesbian couple, H&R Block reacted immediately: “That's in violation of our policy and everything we stand for,” H&R Block spokesperson Susan Waldron said when contacted about the complaint. “We serve every client.”
Jamee Lynne Archer said they have been using H&R Block to file their taxes for seven years. But when they and their new wife went to the Arlington office on South Cooper Street recently to file their returns, the tax preparer refused to work with the couple.
Archer said they had an appointment with a specific H&R Block representative when they and their wife went into the office. But that representative was still working with a previous client when they arrived, so another representative, Nguyen Bui, met with them instead. But when Archer explained to them that they were married in 2017 and so they needed to file a joint return this time, they said Bui responded, “Well you guys can't file together.”
Archer knew better: Not only could they file jointly, the law requires them to file jointly.
Before making the appointment, Archer had done their research, discovering that a married couple must file either a joint return or file as “married, filing separately,” generally the most expensive way to file taxes.
But Bui was having not of that. “Well, it is just not right,” Archer said they told them. “It [filing jointly] should only be for normal couples.”
Because Archer and their wife have children, Bui said they should file separately, with each filing as head of household. But Archer knew that wasn't right. They knew two people can't each deduct the same children.
Had they simply trusted their advise, they noted, the IRS could have assessed penalties against them.
H&R Block policies don't allow such anti-LGBT discrimination. And all employees should know this, because all employess are required to sign a “Corporate Policies and Procedures Acknowledgement” page that begins, “I understand that I am expected to read and comply with the policies and procedures outlined in the Corporate Human Resources Policies and Procedures.”
Two paragraphs later is the H&R Block Corporate Anti-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policy, which includes the statement, “I understand that discrimination and harassment based upon legally-protected characteristics including race, color, religion, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, age, disability and veteran status is strictly prohibited.”
Although it's not on the page posted on the internet, H&R Block policy also includes gender identity and expression, Waldron said.
Although Arlington has no nondiscrimination ordinances, the company's policy also includes any additional categories covered by local law. The Dallas City Charter, for example, includes the categories in H&R Block's policies as well as “genetic characteristics.”
Archer, a nurse, said they couldn't imagine someone in their profession deciding they just didn't like a patient's sexual orientation or race or gender identity and refusing to treat that person. As unimaginable as that is, though, the Department of Health and Human Services opened a new office in its civil rights division this month that allows just that sort of discrimination to occur.
The new Conscience and Religious Freedom Division allows healthcare professionals to claim a religious exemption from helping all patients.
Doctors, nurses, paramedics and others providing healthcare and related services like hospital admissions may refuse to treat a person because that person has had an abortion in the past or is transgender, gay or lesbian, if they have religious objections. In other words, the person who refused to do their or their job can claim discrimination if they or they are fired after allowing a person needing treatment to die.
Tax law, however, has no religious exemption, according to independent CPA Alan Levi. Marital status for that year's tax return is determined on Dec. 31, they said, and if a couple is married, there are only two ways to file.
“You file as married filing jointly or married filing separately,” Levi said. “Single head of household is not available” to a legally-married person.
H&R Block is required to file all returns electronically. Levi said if they had prepared the return with each claiming the same children, the first return would go through and the second return claiming the same child would be rejected because of the repeated social security number.
If amended tax reforms had to be filed later, the couple could be assessed a penalty if they owed more than they did on the separate returns. Any penalty would have been paid by H&R Block since it was the tax preparer who filed incorrect forms. But amending their returns resulting in additional taxes makes the couple more likely to be a target for future audits.
Tax law has no religious loopholes, Levi reiterated.
For legal reasons, Waldron said they couldn't comment on the current employment status of the tax preparer that refused to file a joint return for the Archers. They did say, however, that the company has “taken appropriate action,” and they offered to “make it right” with the Archers.
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Update - Business - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - NCAA Men's College Basketball - NASCAR Racing - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - At The Movies - Columns - Feature Blogs - Poll Archive Weather The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Rentals - Real Estate - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Place Ad - Ad Rates - Legal Notices Media - Online Circulars - Photos - Video - Photo Sales - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide - Activate Digital - Subscribe - eReviewTimes - Mobile Apps - Member Rewards - Online Circulars Contact - Review Times Staff Directory - Submission Forms - Advertise - Credit Application - Employment Archives
Staff Reporter
Karachi
The federal government has appointed Rizwan Ahmed, a BS-21 officer of the Pakistan Administrative Service (PAS), as Chairman Pakistan National Shipping Corporation (PNSC). The new chairperson assumed charge of their office here on Monday.
Rizwan holds a Masters degree in Public Administration from Harvard University, USA. They joined the government service in 1988.
Mr. Rizwan has worked on various key positions in the federal and provincial governments including Additional Secretary Cabinet Division, Additional Secretary Establishment Division, Chairman Trading Corporation of Pakistan (TCP), Managing Director Pakistan Security Printing Corporation (PSPC), Secretary Health, Government of Sindh, Managing Director Sindh Public Procurement Regulatory Authority, Government of Sindh and Deputy Commissioner, Hyderabad.
JERUSALEM, April 17 (Xinhua) -- Hundreds of Palestinians jailed in Israeli prisons launched Monday a hunger strike, demanding to improve their captivity conditions, in one of the largest protests in recent years. About 700 prisoners joined the protest, which was announced overnight between Sunday.... xinhuanet_en 11:43:00 AM CEST
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 4:45 pm |
Jason Greenblatt (L), and Jared Kushner during a press conference at the President's Residence in Yerushalayim, May 22, 2017. (Thomas Coex/AFP/Getty Images)
YERUSHALAYIM - Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu said they welcome the latest visit from envoys of the Trump administration. However, The Times of Israel said in a Monday analysis piece, no one should envy the task awaiting them.
That's because the timing of the arrival of Jared Kushner, Jason Greenblatt and Dina Powell in Israel could not be worse for any attempt to get peace talks or even talks about peace talks underway again.
“All three relevant leaders — President Trump, PM Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas — are at unprecedented lows.”
Trump has their hands full with peacemaking in Charlottesville, North Korea and Venezuela; Netanyahu is in open warfare with opponents clamoring for their resignation on corruption allegations; and Abbas, locked in a fight to the death with Hamas, says Netanyahu cannot make peace because of their legal troubles, is not interested in a peace agreement and is “doing everything the Israeli right tells him.”
One Palestinian source recently told the Times that from the point of view of the PA, “we might as well have [Jewish Home leader Naftali] Bennett. Netanyahu is scared of Bennett and doesn't dare to do anything. So maybe Bennett is preferable, since he'll be less scared,” the source said.
Under such circumstances, none of the three is in a position to make any bold moves toward peace, certainly not anything involving concessions of territory or control.
Why, then, has the U.S. delegation chosen such a seemingly inauspicious time to arrive?
As the article concludes: “And yet, despite all that, it must be said: The very fact that each leader finds themselves in such a difficult situation could give a rejuvenated peace process some appeal — a kind of long-shot escape hatch from their current troubles that has the benefit of reshuffling each leader's political deck.
“For Trump, political negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians could divert attention from international crises and stalled domestic policies. For Netanyahu and Abbas, a political breakthrough could become the ‘payoff' that validates their past policies and, in the long term, stabilizes their rule,” the Times suggested.
Kevin Spacey is allegedly being investigated over three new allegations of sexual harassment in London.
The 58-year-old actor is already facing several accusations that they sexual assaulted men including actor Anthony Rapp - who claimed the star made unwanted advances on them when they were just 14 years old - and it has now been revealed that Met Police in London are following up a further three accusations made against Kevin this year.
According to the BBC, police received allegations between February and April this year which claimed the 'American Beauty' actor sexually assaulted men in both the English capital and Gloucester.
The publication reports that the most recent accusations are alleged to have occurred in the London boroughs of Westminster in 1996 and Lambeth in 2008, with the Gloucester allegation taking place in 2013.
The three new allegations bring the total number of accusations placed against Kevin being investigated by London police to six, with five complaints of sexual assault and one of assault.
In 2017, police received one allegation of assault which was believed to have taken place in Lambeth in 2008, as well as two sexual assault claims which both took place in 2005, in both Lambeth and Westminster.
In addition to the police complaints, the Old Vic theatre - where Spacey was creative director from 2004-2013 - previously revealed they had had more than 20 people come forward to make allegations about Kevin during their tenure there.
Overall, the former 'House of Cards' star has been accused of sexual misconduct by more than 30 men, after Anthony Rapp came forward with their story in November last year.
The news comes after Los Angeles County prosecutors claimed in April they were reviewing a "sex crimes case" against the Oscar-winning actor.
No other details were revealed about the review, but it was claimed at the time that the information had been passed on to Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office's Sex Crimes Task Force.
Srinagar
Joint Resistance Leadership (JRL) has called for shutdown in Kashmir on June 2 to protest against the increase in civilian killings and alleged high-handedness of the government forces.
JRL comprising Syed Ali Geelani, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Yasin Malik, in a statement, asked the people to observe a general strike on June 2 to “register strong and peaceful protest against the barbaric and vile actions of brutality.”
The leadership condemned the recent increase in civilian killings, desecration of religious places, and unnecessary and unjustified deployment of heavy contingents of forces in Jamia Masjid Srinagar area, said the statement.
The JRL, according to the statement, also asked people to observe shutdown against “desecration of graveyards of martyrs, chopping off of orchards at Sugan Shopian, killing of a civilian Bilal Ahmad Ganie and plight of prisoners in various jails including Tihar.”
JRL appealed to the UN Secretary General and the UN member countries to appoint a delegation to take stock of the volatile situation in Jammu and Kashmir regarding “gross violations of human rights at the hands of Indian forces.”—GK
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
With temperatures forecast to drop this week, taking preventive measures to protect your household pipes from freezing can save money and headaches down the road. Homeowners are responsible for the maintenance of the water service line from the curb to their house and their in-home pipes. Pennsylvania American Water offers the following tips to prepare your pipes for colder weather:
When temps drop
If you have pipes that are vulnerable to freezing, allow a small trickle of water to run overnight to keep pipes from freezing. The cost of the extra water is low compared to the cost to repair a broken pipe.
Open cabinet doors to expose pipes to warmer room temperatures to help keep them from freezing.
If your pipes freeze
Shut off the water immediately. Do not attempt to thaw frozen pipes unless the water is shut off. Freezing can often cause unseen cracks in pipes or joints.
Apply heat to the frozen pipe by warming the air around it, or by applying heat directly to a pipe. You can use a hair dryer, space heater or hot water. Be sure not to leave space heaters unattended.
Do not use kerosene heaters or open flames to thaw pipes inside your home.
Once the pipes have thawed, turn the water back on slowly and check for cracks and leaks.
If you're going away
Have a friend, relative or neighbor regularly check your property to ensure the heat is working and pipes have not frozen.
A freeze alarm can be purchased for less than $100 and will call a user-selected phone number if the inside temperature drops below 45 degrees.
Forecast
Monday Mostly sunny, with a high near 35. West wind 5 to 7 mph.
Monday Night Snow likely, mainly after 3am. Cloudy, with a low around 28. South wind 3 to 7 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New snow accumulation of less than one inch possible.
Tuesday Periods of rain and snow before 5pm, then a chance of rain and flurries. High near 38. South wind around 8 mph becoming west in the afternoon. Chance of precipitation is 100%. New snow accumulation of less than a half inch possible.
Tuesday Night A chance of flurries before 2am, then a chance of snow showers after 2am. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 19. West wind around 10 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%. New snow accumulation of less than a half inch possible.
Wednesday A chance of snow showers before 2pm, then scattered flurries after 2pm. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 24. Northwest wind 13 to 16 mph. Chance of precipitation is 30%.
Wednesday Night Scattered flurries before 8pm. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 14.
Thursday Scattered flurries after 8am. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 27.
Thursday Night Scattered flurries. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 17.
Friday A chance of flurries before 8am, then a chance of snow showers after 8am. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 31. Chance of precipitation is 40%.
Friday Night A chance of snow showers before 8pm, then a chance of flurries after 8pm. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 21. Chance of precipitation is 40%.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kylie Jenner is eyeing up a mountaintop mega-mansion that dwarfs the local high school.
In aerial shots of the Hidden Hills site, the 15,000 square foot palace on 7 acres of land is the biggest property for miles.
According to TMZ, Kylie is said to be considering purchasing the house that's being built on a mountaintop.
The latest reports come after it was claimed Kylie is splashing out almost £2million on the new pad for them and their baby in the plush Hidden Hills suburb of Los Angeles.
(Image: X17online.com)
They haven't purchased the property yet, but she's seriously thinking about the move.
Building permits were issued for the site in December which will allow the first floor to sprawl across a whopping 9,187 sq ft, while the second will measure up to 5,304 sq ft.
The permission also allows for two enormous garages - one 1,200 sq ft, the other 1,468 sq ft - and 1,836 sq ft of covered porches.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
There will also be a cabana by the side of the pool at the site, where Kylie was spotted looking fuller figured last week.
The star previously owned a £1.2million mansion in the same neighbourhood, and in 2016 they bought an eight-bedroom pad for £8.4million.
(Image: Trulia)
(Image: Trulia)
Kylie Jenner is about to become a first time mum in less than FOUR WEEKS, according to reports.
The news comes as a surprise as it was previously rumoured Kylie would give birth around the same time as pregnant sister Khloe, 33, - who is not due till early April.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Instagram/kyliejenner)
As well as getting their home ready, Kylie's been also been mentally preparing by taking a birthing course online.
According to TMZ , the reality star has been learning the Lamaze method online with their best friend Jordyn Woods acting as their partner.
The Lamaze birthing technique teaches pregnant women how to cope with labour pains through breathing, movement and relaxation methods as well as special massage techniques.
(Image: Instagram)
The aim of the commonly taught method is to increase a mother's confidence in their ability to give birth and to facilitate a comfortable labour.
TMZ claims Kylie's close friend Jordyn has been acting as their birth coach and ensuring the pair are studying up with the help of books and online material.
A previously undetected hacker group has netted around $10 million in heists on at least 20 companies, in some cases by targeting the transfer networks banks use to transfer money, a Moscow-based security firm said Monday.
Members of the MoneyTaker group, named after a piece of custom malware it uses, started its heist spree no later than May 2016. That's when it penetrated an unnamed US bank, according to researchers with Group-IB in a report titled MoneyTaker: 1.5 Years of Silent Operations. The hackers then used their unauthorized access to control a workstation the bank used to connect to the First Data STAR Network, which more than 5,000 banks used to transact payments involving debit cards.
MoneyTaker members also targeted an interbank network known as AWS CBR which interfaces with Russia's central bank. The hackers also stole internal documents related to the SWIFT banking system, although there's no evidence they have successfully carried out attacks over it.
Last year, online criminals used stolen SWIFT account credentials to steal $81 million from a bank in Bangladesh. Group-IB said the amount of information MoneyTaker has amassed on the Star, SWIFT, and AWS CBR networks raised the possibility the group may be planning more heists that target the interbank payment systems.
"A number of incidents with copied documents that describe how to make transfers through SWIFT are being investigated by Group-IB," company officials said in a statement. "Their contents and geography indicate that banks in Latin America may be targeted next by MoneyTaker."
Over the past 18 months, Group-IB has uncovered evidence that MoneyTaker has successfully breached 18 banks or credit unions, two financial services businesses, and one law firm. Two of the targets were located in Russia, one target was in the UK, and the rest were in the US. The average amount stolen in each hack was $500,000.
The hackers use malware that's stored almost entirely in computer memory, a feature that makes them extremely hard to detect by antivirus defenses. The in-memory malware also makes it hard for targets to know they were hacked since all traces are destroyed as soon as a computer is rebooted. Group-IB said a programming error that allowed some of the code to remain ultimately blew MoneyTaker's carefully constructed cover. The group's attacks also rely on the Metasploit framework to work. After gaining initial access to a targeted network, the attackers perform reconnaissance to gain domain administrator privileges and eventually consolidate control over the network. They also encrypt communications using certificates that have names such as Bank of America, Federal Reserve Bank, Microsoft, and Yahoo.
Washington Gov. Jay Inslee's visit to Vancouver raised a few eyebrows when they appeared to support to B.C. Premier John Horgan's effort to stop the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline system.
Inslee sidestepped a question from a Vancouver reporter about their own state's use of the pipeline to supply crude to its refineries at Anacortes, Cherry Point and Ferndale, some of which is sold back to B.C. as refined fuels.
Kinder Morgan, current operator of the Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to its terminal in Burnaby, also operates a branch line running from Abbotsford to Washington that supplies the Shell and Tesoro refinery complex at Anacortes, the Phillips 66 refinery at Ferndale and BP's Cherry Point facility, the largest in Washington located just 11 km south of Blaine.
View from Anacortes, WA to the sprawling Shell-Tesoro refinery complex at March Point. This and two other big WA refineries are supplied by @TransMtn and Alaska tankers running daily past B.C. #bcpoli #cdnpoli @GovInslee pic.twitter.com/4ojSraPpnh — Tom Fletcher (@tomfletcherbc) March 19, 2018
Inslee spoke of shipping noise affecting orcas and a growing demand for electric cars in their state, and avoided discussing Washington's own busy oil industry. They noted their state's rejection of an oil port at Vancouver, Washington, to transport shale oil produced from North Dakota, and thermal coal export facilities proposed to deliver from Wyoming to Asia.
“We share the most beautiful part of at least North America,” Inslee said at a joint news conference with Horgan Friday announcing a high-speed rail study. “And that vision that we have of perpetuating that beauty for our grandchildren is at risk by increasing the tanker traffic through the Haro Strait and the Strait of Juan de Fuca by going up about five to seven times.”
But most of the existing tanker traffic around the south end of Vancouver Island is coming from Alaska, and heading for those Washington refineries and others in California. The Seattle-based Sightline Institute estimates that while 10 per cent of Washington's crude oil comes from the Alberta oil sands via Trans Mountain, more than half comes from Alaska's Valdez tanker terminal. Washington refineries also receive crude oil tankers from the Middle East and Africa, and oil by rail from growing U.S. shale production is also increasing.
RELATED: Tugboat crewman ‘fell asleep' near Bella Bella
Inslee warned of a “dramatic” increase in tanker traffic from the Trans Mountain expansion. In fact it would represent a six per cent increase in total shipping traffic for the region, including freighters loaded with barely refined bunker fuel and U.S. fuel barges like the one that ran aground at Bella Bella in 2016.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's a new - and some would say bonkers - way to combat fatty food cravings, lose weight and ditch diets forever.
But for three women simply talking to their food has helped them slim down.
Chrissy Stone lost 10 stone, Nona Bowkis lost over six stone and Audrey Scott lost more than four stone.
Nona, who credits the technique with transforming their life, said: "Now, if I ever pick up a packet of sweets, I say to it: ‘No. I'm not having you. I'm an intelligent woman and in control of you. Now go away'.
"It sounds a little bit crazy but it really helped change my inner voice."
(Image: Julie McCaffrey)
(Image: Julie McCaffrey)
Audrey added: "When I crave Maltesers I look at the packet and said, ‘You better stay away from me. I have a fantastic life and won't let you ruin it'."
The highly unusual technique which is pioneered by weight loss guru Steve Miller, known as the Simon Cowell of weight loss, teaches dieters to TALK to their food.
They are also encouraged to look at pictures of themselves when at their heaviest while they eat. The diet uses a kind of hypnosis which Steve has called "FATnosis"
Audrey said: "First thing each morning and last thing at night, I close my eyes, clear my thoughts, take deep breaths before counting backwards from ten then saying, ‘I'm a strong and powerful woman and no food will control me. I can achieve whatever I want'."
Steve hailed the women's successes says: “Talking to food isn't just a gimmick or something to make you sound daft. It helps permanently change your thinking.
“Are you really going to let a chocolate bar ruin your chances of getting into that sexy new Christmas party dress? Don't let a fatty snack tease or control you. Look at that chocolate bar and tell it to do one. Just say, ‘fat off!'.”
It might seem unlikely, but there's science behind the theory.
Steve, who trains hypnotherapists, says: “Frequent conversations with unhealthy food creates a new mindset and new successful habits. The gear-shift in your brain helps you feel more confident, totally in control and able to manage cravings.
“Losing weight is never just about the food. Most of us know what to eat to be slimmer. It's mindset and motivation that needs to change.”
One of Steve's top tips is to "recognise that food can tease you" and confront it.
Meet three women who are following FATnosis - and over one year have lost a phenomenal 21 stone between them:
“I give food a right rollocking - and lost ten stone”
Chrissy Stone, 54, lives in Plymouth, Devon, with their husband Robert and daughters Hellene, 31, and Keziah, 20.
Was: 22 stone. Size 28.
Now: 11 stone 10lbs. Size 12.
Lost: 10 stone 4lbs
(Image: Julie McCaffrey)
(Image: Julie McCaffrey)
“If ever I feel drawn to a chocolate bar I pick it up, stare straight at it and give it a stern telling off. ‘You won't control me. I am the boss. You won't ruin my health or my life. Now get out of my sight'.
It might sound bizarre but it works. After three decades of being overweight, I started talking to food at the start of this year and have since lost over ten stone.
It's not the only quirky way FATnosis taught me to control my appetite. I gave my fridge its own mantra. Written in giant red letters across the door is a sign that says, ‘No fatty food'.
A photo of me off-guard at a Christmas lunch last year gave me the push to start tackling my weight.
Pictured sitting next to my sister-in-law, I looked twice their size. After years of denial I realised, with horror, that's how people saw me. I felt disgusted. And I eat meals with that picture in my eyeliner now - it really motivates me to stay on track.
My weight problems started when, pregnant with my eldest daughter, I left the Royal Navy. Freed from the disciplined regime I indulged in anything I fancied eating so the weight bulked up. I was still really active with running, cycling, badminton and rowing.
But I damaged my neck and back in a fall and haven't been able to exercise since.
Over the years I ballooned until I was 22 stone and a size 28. Having a sweet tooth and craving savoury snacks meant all food was my weakness.
Doctors constantly nagged me about my weight because it exacerbated my brittle asthma, left me out of breath and made my blood pressure difficult to control. I shut out their warnings and denied I over ate.
(Image: Getty)
But inside I was miserable. Embarrassment about my size meant I wasn't really living life. On a plane to Egypt for a family holiday in 2006, I was on the verge of needing two seats and couldn't put the table down because it lodged into my tummy. Even in the sun-drenched paradise I was trapped in a personal hell as I hid myself in sarongs.
I vowed never to go on holiday again. But did I do anything to slim down? No. Instead I comfort ate. As my weight grew my confidence shrank until even small treats to make me feel better about myself, like going to the hairdressers, were ruined because I worried I wouldn't fit in the chair.
That picture last Christmas shocked me into making a big change. I knew Steve Miller's name from watching Fat Families on TV so looked them up online. On their website I found guidance on their 80:20 nutritional advice and self-hypnosis tips.
It transformed my life. First thing each morning and last thing at night, I close my eyes, clear my thoughts, take deep breaths before counting backwards from ten then saying, ‘I'm a strong and powerful woman and no food will control me. I can achieve whatever I want'. It somehow seeps into my brain and stays there.
Now, whenever I open the fridge, I automatically ask myself, ‘Do I really need anything to eat?' Nine times out of ten the answer is no.
Joining Steve's Facebook hub was far cheaper then joining a slimming club. I'd tried them all over the years but the best I did was lose 21 pounds over nine months. With Steve's methods I'd lost five stone in six months.
So I kept going. And in October I want to a FATnosis conference and met Steve. He'd seen pictures of my progress online and introduced me to people saying: “This lady used to be a right big butterball”.
And do you know what? They were right. When I was big, no one ever mentioned my weight and that helped keep me fat. Sometimes we need to hear the harsh truth as only as we can really set about changing.
Now over ten stone lighter, I am a new, confident me. My social life has taken off because I no longer feel self-conscious in company. I need a wheelchair for my mobility problems far less since excess weight isn't putting so much pressure on my joints. I love shopping for clothes and make-up because I don't need to hide under big black tent dresses.
“It's taken time and effort but it's well worth it. Because the moment I tried on skinny jeans in a size 12 was one of the happiest in years.”
“When my son guessed 'beached whale' during my Christmas charades, I knew it was time to lose weight.”
Nona Bowkis, 49, is a solicitor who lives in Cambridge with their husband Nib, 50, sons Matthew, 23, and James, 21, and daughter Danica, 14.
Before: 18st. Size 22
Now: 11st 11lbs Size 12
Lost: 6st 3lbs
(Image: Julie McCaffrey)
(Image: Julie McCaffrey)
“Lying on the ground doing my best to act out Christmas charades, my son James shouted: ‘Beached whale?'
I've brought my kids up to be honest so that was the jolt I needed to slam the brakes on my overeating.
That night I stood straight in the mirror and was brutal with myself: I was fat.
I was 19 when I first went to a slimming club and I've rejoined around 12 times in my life. I usually lost weight but never kept it off because the clubs focused on what was on my plate not in my head.
Steve Miller stuck in my mind because when they were on TV they were a very direct talker and so am I. I signed up for their VIP package online and during a Skype chat they were talking about someone and said,
‘She's really fat - almost as big as you Nona'. They didn't say it with a mean delivery, but they were right. It made me stop denying my size and the health problems connected with it. It was time to face the awful truth: my breathlessness when walking was down to my weight.
(Image: BMP)
Steve wasn't at all nasty, but told me I could be much more beautiful if I just lost the fat. Instead of making me feel bad about myself they gave me inspiration and aspiration. I listened and followed their advice to the letter.
FATnosis has taught me new techniques which are simple but powerful. They work in the way mind management helps athletes achieve their full potential. Now, if I ever pick up a packet of sweets, I say to it: ‘No. I'm not having you. I'm an intelligent woman and in control of you. Now go away'. It sounds a little bit crazy but it really helped change my inner voice.
Eating unhealthy takeaways like pizzas, Indians and chips, several times a week made me big but they're not banned on this eating plan. I still have them but only occasionally.
I used to think I'd never be able to exercise, but recently ran a half marathon. I started with gentle park runs and built it up.
A few months ago I founded a running group and now have 25 members who join me to train three times a week. It's doing my body. energy levels and self-esteem the world of good.
FATnosis taught me I can do anything, from resisting chocolates, running 13 miles or wearing a bikini again. Most of us know what to eat to be healthy, we just need to learn a healthy way to think.”
“I sweated so much people thought I'd been swimming”
Audrey Scott, 46, a learning support assistant, lives in Eastleigh, Hampshire, with their husband Keith, 46, and two daughters.
Before: 19st. Size 26
Now: 14.5st Size 12
Lost: 4st 9lbs
(Image: Julie McCaffrey)
(Image: Julie McCaffrey)
I've always been overweight but when the scales tipped at 19 stone I thought, ‘enough's enough'. I was so big I lashed with sweat until my hair stuck to my head. People used to think I'd been swimming.
I wanted to be slim as much as I loved food so was in constant torment. I ate packets and packets of crisps and drank bottles of wine every weekend. If I had a family packet of Maltesers I wouldn't share them.
I've done every slimming club going but because all they do is talk about food I dreaded returning. I considered a gastric band but knew I'd cheat by liquidising a Mars bar and sucking it through a straw.
When I was researching the gastric band online I came across an article by Steve Miller, because they hate them.
Like him, I was sick of the PC brigade telling me big was beautiful, or fat was happy. Great if you are, but I wasn't. Fat was making me ugly and miserable. It didn't matter how gorgeous my jewellery, clothes or makeup was - at 19stone people only saw my fat.
I bought a few FATnosis downloads from Steve's website and started talking to my food. When I craved Maltesers I looked at the packet and said, ‘You better stay away from me. I have a fantastic life and won't let you ruin it'.
Steve advises us to eat with our fat pictures in sight. Mine was taken on holiday in the Honduras where I felt hot, uncomfortable and unattractive in my big elasticated waist skirt. I remember the outing which took us to a rope bridge, like the one crossing the'm a Celebrity jungle, and I wondered if it would take my weight. Thinking of mortifying situations like that kept me going with FATnosis.
I lost 20lbs in six weeks and the weight loss has been steady since. I swapped Chinese takeaways for homemade Quorn curries with rice and learned about healthy portion sizes. I was also taught to easily resist unhealthy food and distract myself when I felt hungry. I've realised the key to slimming down has always been in my head.
I'm not at my final weight loss destination yet but feel healthier, liberated, more relaxed and more confident. I used to be the biggest person in the room but felt invisible. Now I can be my vivacious self - and I don't get a sweaty head anymore.”
(Image: Julie McCaffrey)
(Image: Julie McCaffrey)
Steve's top FATnosis tips
1. Recognise that food can tease you
2. Mentally tell it to 'fat off', affirming that you are now the boss and food isn't. Say: ‘You used to have the control over me but no longer do. Being fat is in the past for me'.
3. Walk away and mentally celebrate by taking your mind into something positive such as looking at the next item of clothing you wanting to buy.
4. Try on your goal outfit before having a meal.
5. Eat in front of your fat photo to create an aversion to being your former fat self. Be anti fat and pro slim.
6. Follow 80 - 20 rule (80% healthy, 20% treat - makes you not feel deprived).
7. Each time you're tempted by fatty food, tap your lips 20 times and mentally yell: “I'm too gorgeous to be fat”. That interrupts the pattern of craving food. Then move away to look at something aspirational so the mind is positively fed rather than the body.
8. Weigh yourself every day for the first six weeks. Research has suggested regular weigh-ins are good.
9. Remember no woman deserves to be fat. If your partner is dull, boring and a bully they should be ditched too.
10. Accept there's not one reason that you cannot lose weight and stop making excuses.
For more information visit www.fatnosis.com
Here's a list of what is open and closed across Waterloo Region this Thanksgiving Monday:
• Garbage, recycling, green bin and yard waste collection will take place as usual.
• All public libraries and government offices will be closed.
• Grand River Transit will be operating on a Sunday schedule.
TILLSONBURG -
“I can't believe everything here is free, it's awesome,” said Cory Walzak of St. Thomas about the NHL Centennial Fan Arena that was set up at the Tillsonburg Community Centre Thursday through Saturday.
The NHL Centennial Fan Arena is a travelling exhibition to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the NHL and recognize the league's top 100 players. It made its first appearance Jan. 1 during Toronto's outdoor game, with plans to visit every NHL city during 2017.
Tillsonburg is the only non-NHL community to host and was selected by the league due to Tillsonburg local and NHL senior executive vice president of hockey operations Colin Campbell living in the region and asking NHL commissioner Gary Bettman to let Tillsonburg showcase to help minor hockey families experience the event, Tillsonburg's Kinsmen Club wrote in a release.
Besides a 53-foot trailer full of NHL memorabilia and video displays, the Stanley Cup was on site Thursday and Friday, and Walzak said seeing the cup was the highlight of the event for him.
“It's a good opportunity for the kids to see (the NHL) past and present and there's a lot of interactive stuff for them to do,” said Rick Levesque of St. Thomas who was at the event with their sons, Kaleb and Kolton, on Saturday.
Rick Levesque said they were disappointed they missed out on seeing the Stanley Cup.
“I thought it was supposed to be here today, too,” they said.
Even so, they said they enjoyed having their photo taken with a mock up of a Toronto Maple Leafs dressing room bench.
“It's pretty cool, pretty neat to see,” said Harold Hewitt of Tillsonburg who was taking in the fan arena on Saturday with their wife, Sharon.
While they also missed out on seeing the Stanley Cup, Harold Hewitt said they had already been in the presence of the historic trophy when NHL player Rob Blake had it on display in Simcoe after winning the cup with the Colorado Avalanche in 2001.
Lorenzo Bortolltto and Tammy Andrews and their children Alex Andrews, Ethan Andrews and Calliope Bortolltto of London were getting the Centennial experience inside the 1,000 square-foot trailer on Saturday.
Lorenzo Bortolltto said the display captured all aspects of the league's history well.
“The evolution of the equipment is quite remarkable,” they said.
While the family claimed the Chicago Blackhawks as their team, they admitted to being “closet Toronto fans.”
Ethan Andrews said they were looking forward to trying out the virtual reality ice resurfacer, which provided an opportunity to see what it is like to drive one of the machines.
“It seems fun,” said Andrews.
Alex Serra, 16, of Calgary, was also among those who tried out the virtual ice resurfacer.
“It was cool,” they said about the experience.
Visiting a friend in Ingersoll, Serra ended up at the fan arena by chance.
“It's pretty crazy that a small town like this has all this stuff,” they said.
Mark Dickson and their daughter, Josie, 2, of Tillsonburg, were among the crowd that passed through the fan arena on Saturday after finishing up a soccer game.
“We thought we'd come over and check things out,” said Mark Dickson, who had been at the event previously to see the Stanley Cup. “It was great.”
They said the fact that Tillsonburg scored such a high profile attraction was “quite amazing.”
“We're pretty lucky to be so fortunate to get such a big event to our town.”
- With files from Greg Colgan/Sentinel-Review
Dozens of cows were killed in an early morning fire Wednesday at a dairy farm on Gréber Boulevard near Montée Paiement in Gatineau's east end.
Emergency services were called to the scene at about 1 a.m. and found the barnsat 1257 Gréber Blvd. fully engaged in flame.
Police estimate there were 200 animals in the barn at the time.
There were no human injuries and the cause of the fire remains under investigation.
There was was no damage estimate.
The fire was under control by about 5 a.m. but Gréber Boulevard was expected to remain closed to traffic between Musée and Dugas streets for several hours.
WHEN people have low levels of iron in their blood, they may develop a condition called iron deficiency anemia, which is known to have wide-ranging effects throughout the body, and now, a new study suggests that this condition may be linked to hearing loss as well. In the study, adults who had iron deficiency anemia were more than twice as likely to develop a specific type of hearing loss, called combined hearing loss, compared with those who did not have iron deficiency anemia, according to the study.
In the study, published Dec. 29 in the journal JAMA Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery, the researchers looked at data from the medical records of more than 300,000 adults in Hershey, Pennsylvania. The participants' ages ranged from 21 to 90; the average age was 50.
Based on the medical records, the researchers identified the people in the study who had iron deficiency anemia as well as any diagnoses of hearing loss. Hearing loss was divided into three categories: sensorineural hearing loss, which results from damage to the inner ear, damage to the nerve that runs from the ear to the brain, or damage to the brain; conductive hearing loss, which occurs when sound cannot travel through the ear properly; and combined hearing loss, which is a combination of the two.
The researchers found that the people with iron deficiency anemia were 2.4 times more likely to have combined hearing loss compared with those who did not have iron deficiency anemia. The people with iron deficiency anemia were also 1.8 times more likely to have sensorineural hearing loss. There was no link, however, between iron deficiency anemia and conductive hearing loss, according to the study.
Earlier research suggested several potential reasons why iron deficiency anemia may be linked to hearing loss and, in particular, to sensorineural hearing loss, the researchers, led by Kathleen Schieffer, a doctoral student at Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine, wrote in the study.
Sensorineural hearing loss can develop when damage occurs to the tiny blood vessels in the ear, and iron deficiency anemia can put a person at risk for such damage. For example, iron deficiency anemia has been linked to several blood disorders that can cause such damage to these delicate blood vessels. In addition, the condition has been linked to problems with myelin, a sheath that surrounds nerve cells, including the nerve that runs from the ear to the brain, the researchers wrote.
Related
“I DO not believe in personal abuse of any sort. Treat people with respect. Treat people as you wish to be treated yourself.”
Who said this? None other than Jeremy Corbyn in their first conference speech as Labour leader when they set out their desire for a “kinder politics”.
Yet, more than two-and-a-half years later, Mr Corbyn's words – spoken with great sincerity at the time – sound very hollow.
Their party has, under their leadership, failed to address the toxic anti-Semitism that exists within its ranks – and Mr Corbyn's meeting with Jewish faith leaders last night was a belated attempt to draw a line under this controversy.
Mr Corbyn might have spoken of their “absolutely determination” to tackle this disgraceful abuse, but their record now suggests otherwise. They should have been acting when Jewish MPs, and others, revealed the anguish and distress caused to them.
And then there's the Momentum-backed activists who are being selected as Parliamentary candidates. They range from Pudsey's Jane Aitchison who has used foul-mouthed language on social media to denigrate everyone from Prince Charles to Waitrose shoppers, to Worcester's Mandy Richards who has cast doubt on the murder of Batley & Spen MP Jo Cox.
If there's to be a ‘kinder politics', Mr Corbyn's actions need to speak louder than their words – and that means taking a firm stance against those whose vile views bring Labour, and public life, into disrepute.
Through the courtesy of your newspaper, I would like to convey to the Water Board Clifton the anguish and gruesome misery of residents of Clifton Kehkashan, Block-Seven (adjacent to Punjab House in Bath Island), Karachi. It has been over two years since we received a single drop of potable water from the local water supply, despite the fact that hefty bills are paid without fail to the Karachi Water & Sewerage Board. Residents of this locality have no choice but to surrender to the tanker mafia and buy water tankers at extortionate prices.
In the last two weeks, the problem has aggravated since the Rangers have closed the hydrants from which the tankers were filling water thus resulting in an acute crisis for us. While there is a need to crack down on the tanker mafia, the Water Board has not made arrangements to supply water through the direct supply lines in the absence of water provided by the mafia. Our plea to the Water Board is to find a solution for the hapless residents before springing into action and closing the only source for our survival. We have been run aground in this tussle between the law-enforcement agencies and the water tanker mafia. What is the fault of the poor citizens?
SHAHROZ SHERWANI
Karachi
Related
1:34 Arlington Lamar takes down Keller Timber Creek Pause
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
1:29 Pot-bellied pig on the loose at Texas gas station
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
1:51 American Airlines flight attendants: "Love AAfair is over!"
Staff Reporter
Punjab Chief Minister Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif on Monday took notice of a news-item, aired in a section of media, about torture on students in Gujrat and sought a report from the DPO Gujrat.
They ordered to hold the comprehensive investigations adding that legal action should be initiated against the culprits. They said that such an incident was deplorable and no one would be allowed to take law into their own hands.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“A lot of people are writing us off, but this is a chance to show we are alive and kicking.”
That's the fighting talk from battling Bolton Wanderers manager Phil Parkinson ahead of facing Bristol City tonight.
Having not played at the weekend, Bolton slipped into the relegation zone in the Championship and Parkinson said their bid to climb away from the trouble starts tonight.
(Image: Naomi Baker/Getty Images)
Of course the Robins come into the game sitting in fifth place in the table and feeling confident off the back of a good 2-0 victory over Queens Park Rangers on Saturday.
Parkinson said they have been doing their homework on their opponents. They said: “I was able to see Bristol City at the weekend when they did very well with 10-men against QPR and they have had a good season; some great cup ties against the two Manchester sides.
“But it is a game we are looking forward to and we are on a decent run at home. Under the lights here at the Macron Stadium there is always a special atmosphere and we just can't wait for for the game.
"We have just to continue the way we are playing. The lads enjoy playing at home. I don't think that was always the case because when I first came in there was a bit of negativity around the club but I think the players have gradually earned the respect from the supporters and the backing from the stands has been great.
“A lot of people are writing us off, but this is a chance to show we are alive and kicking and ready for the challenge which lies ahead.”
“It's a chance to get a result tomorrow and then we can sit back and watch the games over the weekend.
"It is a chance for us to make a statement and we are eager to do that.
Asked about what they thought of the Bristol City side they added: “They have good energy in the side, they have got some decent players obviously because the results have been good and they are in that top six.
"Like a lot of teams on their day they are very good, they have had some off days in the league recently; maybe that is a bit of fatigue because of the sheer number of games they have had.
“They are as good as anyone and Lee has done a terrific job.”
RSM US LLP, a provider of audit, tax and consulting services focused on the middle market, announced that senior manager Matt Sprow has been appointed to the board of the Association for Corporate Growth, Maryland Chapter.
Information in Movers and Shakers is provided by the submitter. To submit a mover and Shakers item, visit http://thedailyrecord.com/movers/.
ESKISEHIR, Turkey — Iceland stayed on the path to becoming the smallest nation to qualify for the World Cup after beating Turkey 3-0 on Friday.
With Finland surprisingly holding Croatia to 1-1, and Ukraine taking three points from Kosovo after a 2-0 away win, the tightest group in European qualifying will have to be decided on Monday in the last round of matches.
Iceland tops Group I with 19 points, and Croatia and Ukraine are two points behind. Turkey is out of contention with 14 as well as Finland with 8.
Iceland is a clear favourite when it hosts Kosovo in its last qualifier, while Croatia has to travel to Ukraine for a tough encounter.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brave teen is warning others about the long-lasting effects of 'sextortion' after a hacker recorded them naked and threatened to 'ruin theirs life'.
The 16-year-old, from the UK, says they were conned out of £800 - but that the money they lost is nothing compared to the psychological impact of that night.
Jacob, who goes by a pseudonym for legal reasons, has spoken to Avon and Somerset Police about their ordeal as the force offers advice on how to avoid becoming a victim yourself.
The teen was in their bedroom at their family home over the Christmas school holidays when they got bored.
They went on a website where you can chat to strangers over webcam and met a ‘girl' who piqued their interest.
They say they could see them and they could see him, and they talked them into doing explicit things on-camera.
The mystery girl then asked for Jacob's contact details, saying it would make it easier to chat. So they gave them their phone number.
But that is when things took a more sinister turn.
Once they began messaging, Jacob says they were sent a link to an explicit video of himself, which appeared to have been recorded through their web cam.
Then their phone started to ring.
They answered.
It was a male voice on the other end.
Jacob described how they felt in that moment: “The guy was so aggressive on the phone. They said they were a pro hacker.
(Image: iStockphoto)
"He sent me a list of all my Facebook friends and said ‘I will ruin your life'.
"My heart was beating out of my chest.
"I was shaking.
"I remember looking at myself in my bedroom mirror thinking ‘what have I done, what have I done? I went into panic mode and kept thinking about the worst case scenario - all my friends and family and people at school seeing the video and looking at me differently.
"I just wanted to stop it. I asked them what they wanted.
“I didn't care about the money, all I could think about was trying to prevent that video getting out.
"I could earn the money back but I didn't think I could get my reputation back as easily.
"You hear about this stuff happening but there's nothing that can prepare you for it.
"It felt like they were in total control.”
(Image: iStockphoto)
Jacob set up a fake account on a money transfer service and says they immediately transferred £800 to the man.
They then shouted for their sister, who was downstairs at the time.
“I thought, no matter what happens, I'm going to have to tell my family about this at some point, so I may as well tell them now," they said.
Jacob's sister called the police on non-emergency number 101, as well as calling their parents and asking them to come home immediately.
Their mum said: “I just walked in and gave them a big hug.
"We did everything we could - closing down their social media accounts, changing their phone number and we gave them a stern talking to.
"But he's suffered enough for their mistake and he's now working hard to earn that money back.”
(Image: Universal Images Group Editorial)
Forces across the UK have received more than 2,000 reports of sextortion in the last two years, but many cases will go unreported.
Joanne Bocko, cyber protect officer for Avon and Somerset Police, said: “What happened to Jacob is called sextortion.
"It's where someone uses a sexually explicit image or video of their victim as leverage to blackmail them and to make demands.
"This kind of criminal preys on people's vulnerabilities.
"It's a very cruel crime which can ruin people's lives.
"That's why for us, protection and the welfare of the victim is paramount.
“To prevent this kind of thing happening in the first place, we'd advise not going on webcam with a stranger or giving personal details to someone you don't know (such as your full name, telephone number or email address).
"And while we see victims of all ages and genders in many cases reported to us the victims are men aged 18-29.
(Image: Getty)
"So if you have relatives or friends in this age group, why not tell them about Jacob's story and warn them of the dangers?”
Anyone who has fallen victim to the crime can follow this advice from police:
1) Don't panic. You're the victim in this and you'll need support to help you through this difficult time, so call us immediately on 101 – we'll deal with it in confidence and we won't make any judgements on your behaviour;
2) Don't pay. Even if you give money to the person making demands, there may be continued requests for larger amounts of money. This money will then likely be used to fund the organised crime groups who commit these types of crimes.
3) Don't communicate any further with the offender. Get screen shots of communication and keep any evidence which could help us with our investigation. We can help with more specific advice over the phone, once you've reported it to us.
August 22, 2018 | 1 pm CT | 2 pm ET
Energy is an industry leader providing alternative repair solutions using a project managed approach to deliver world class performance, welding solutions and code repairs. They leverage proven field experience, and technology to optimize safety, schedule and quality on pressure vessel repairs, piping projects, coke drum repairs, and challenging welding projects. Learn about their patented repair and replacement process for heaters and furnaces utilizing the latest equipment available in the industry.
By integrating experienced proven project management combined with the right technology, BHI has consistently delivered complex welding projects safely, on schedule, and below budget. In this event, we will discuss projects completed that are consistent with what others in the industry are facing in their repair needs.
Speaker:
Stephen C. Smith, Vice President and General Manager, BHI Energy | Specialty Services
Steve Smith has over 25 years of experience leading diverse and challenging teams. From their time in the military when they focused on leading and operating in the most complex environments, they have brought the same level of expertise to project management, program management, and project operations. As a Project Manager and Director of Projects, they have led teams throughout the world delivering world class projects in the most challenging environments. They have extensive experience delivering project and code repairs to some of the most difficult projects integrating equipment and personnel to deliver on schedule, reduce overall project cost and guarantee first time quality.
Steve is a Graduate of the United States Military Academy (West Point) and former Army Officer and Aviator (helicopter pilot). They also have an MBA and has worked in specialty mechanical organizations for the last 18 years working their way from a Project Manager, Project Director and now General Manager leading and developing teams to execute project. They have extensive experience working in the refining and petrochemical industry for customers and will share alternative successful approaches to delivering the best project managed approach to executing work.
Date Taken: 02.15.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:32 Category: Newscasts Audio ID: 46832 Filename: 1702/DOD_104081201.mp3 Length: 00:02:00 Year 2014 Genre Blues Location: JP
Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 High-Res. Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, Pacific Radio Report for February 16, 2017, by LCpl Jacob Colvin, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
A Q&A with Joe Mele of Triple Lindy about the 2016 Sydney Hobart Race
Joe Mele on Triple Lindy in Hobart - 2016 Rolex Sydney Hobart Yacht Race Bruce Montgomery Joe Mele on Triple Lindy in Hobart - 2016 Rolex Sydney Hobart Yacht Race Bruce Montgomery
by David Schmidt, Sail-World USA Editor today at 6:13 pmAmongst ocean racers, four events stand prouder than the rest as examples of purely “classic” ocean contests, both in terms of course, expected conditions, anticipated competition levels, and overall difficulty. This elite list includes the Newport to Bermuda Race, the Fastnet Race, the Transpac Race, and the Sydney to Hobart Race.
While the later is “only” 628 nautical miles, it crosses Bass Straight, a much-feared body of water that's roughly 310 miles long but only 200 feet deep at most soundings. Trouble is, waves traveling on the open Indian Ocean are used to significantly more depth below their peaks and troughs, sometimes creating the situation where big waves can become boat-breaking monsters (read about the 1998 Sydney to Hobart Race). Other times, Bass Straight can be (relatively) peaceful, as 2016's race proved to be, but-as always with ocean racing-it's a proverbial roll of the dice.
Almost ninety boats entered this year's Sydney to Hobart Race, but only one, Triple Lindy (USA 93310), skipper Joe Mele's Swan 44 from New York, flew the proud colors of Old Glory. I caught up with Mele after the race to get their post-Sydney-Hobart impressions, and to learn more about their globe-girdling plans for 2017.
What was the highlight of the race for you?
The bookends! The start was an amazing event with thousands of spectator boats, big breeze and the entire fleet starting at once across three start lines was an absolutely unique and memorable experience for our team.
This [was] equally matched by the finish where you are escorted down a long pier where thousands of locals standup and cheer for each and every finisher as [they] enjoy a local food and brew festival. Honestly, no sailing event we have ever done had such a huge fan and spectator appreciation.
What about the lowlight?
Very specifically, [we had] a two-hour window in which we were completely becalmed and had the use our windseeker to eek [our way] out of it. Luckily it was on my off-watch so I only [could] tell it happened [based on] the blurry-eyed sailors who gladly went down bellow when my watch came up on deck. Did I mention it happened at [0100 hours]?
Was Bass Straight as brutal as its reputation portends?
I think we got off easy in this one. While our attention was on high-alert for a southerly buster or storm cells-and we did get some fun squalls here and there-it was nothing near the potential for this area. In fact the first 24 hours coming down past the heads of Sydney harbor we had more breeze (30+ from DDW) and was more of [a] challenge for our newly converted asymmetric-only setup. The biggest challenge in the [boatspeed] and further south was the ever confusing and large sea state, combined with heavy fog that kept our drivers on quick rotation and all wanting massages when we hit the docks in Hobart.
From a preparation standpoint, were you guys in good shape, or did you see conditions in the Sydney to Hobart Race that were more extreme than you've seen in Bermuda Races or in other offshore adventures?
All our prep and training really paid off, making us prepared for worse situations then we actually encountered, exactly what you want to have happened in an offshore race. We ended up using more of our sail inventory then we had predicted, especially in the final 40+ miles up into the finish. We probably could have used a bit more training and prep with our lighter[-air] inventory, but the team had tons of previous experience with those from prior events. We found the sea state and conditions to be a bit of a [combination] of [conditions commonly experienced on] the north side of St. Bart's and the fog off the coast of Nova Scotia, so we all felt oddly at home.
I know that you converted Triple Lindy from flying standard spinnakers to asymmetric kites—how did this work out in a race with so much off-the-breeze work? Are you happy with this upgrade?
The upgrades and modifications are incredibly well-done and have made Triple Lindy a much better machine for what we are doing. Unfortunately for this particular Hobart race, it turned out to be much more of a dead downwind run then normal, so our old configuration actually would have performed better, but we have no regrets and look forward to continuing to improve the newer configuration and performance over future events.
What's next for Triple Lindy and their intrepid crew?
As the world tour continues, we have Fastnet and the Middle Sea race in our sights, and who knows what else we can join in while the boat is on its tour. Our team is keen to keep working through the bucket list of all the great sailing events of the world.
Anything else that you'd like to add, for the record?
[The Sydney Hobart is] an amazing event and it is really is hard to explain to sailors back home in North America how the entire Aussie world seems to revolve around and follow this race from start to finish. When Uber drivers recognize your boat logo on your hat and cheer you on, it really hits home. More North American events need to find ways to spread this kind of enthusiasm for ocean racing to the general public.
We felt privileged to have competed in the race and are incredibly grateful for the warm hospitality and support of the entire Sydney and Hobart communities, sailors and non-sailors alike. My advice to anyone who is considering sailing in this race, is gone for it. It is the thrill of a lifetime.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/150857
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who threatened to “nuke” their home, which lead to a mass evacuation of an area of Bristol, has been jailed.
James Francis felt they were living in a comic book after binging on prescription drugs, Bristol Crown Court heard.
After setting clothes alight at their flat in Kingdom House they faced eviction. They then claimed they would blow the flat up so no-on else would have it, before prompting police to call in the bomb squad due to their threat of mass destruction.
(Image: Michael Yong)
They also said they were trying to make a gun from an umbrella and urinated on a banana to turn it into a weapon.
Francis, 21, now of no fixed address, pleaded guilty to arson, threatening to cause damage and making a bomb hoax.
Judge Euan Ambrose jailed them for two-and-half years. They told Francis: “At the time you were taking a significant number of drugs.
“A psychiatrist says you were in a drug-induced psychosis.”
Richard Posner, prosecuting, said it was in June last year when Francis argued with their cousin and set alight clothes and electrical items on the hob of their flat in Kingdom House, near the SS Great Britain.
Firefighters attended to the incident and Francis admitted starting the fire which caused £375 damage.
(Image: Michael Yong)
When their housing association served them with an eviction notice, Francis told support worker Louise Tonks if they couldn't have the flat, no-one could.
Mr Posner told the court: “He said they had gas cylinders they stole from the Harbour Festival and they would blow it up.
“He said they didn't care about theirs putting people at risk and they made reference to a gun and how they were planning to go out at night with silver nitrate on the tip of an umbrella.
“He seemed settled on a plan and police became involved.”
Francis told police they were going to “nuke” the flat.
Mr Posner said: “The defendant said the flat was rigged with 50 kilos of PCP gas and two chloride grenades. They said they booby-trapped the flat.
“Police acted fast, in light of the arson, evacuated the area and put in a 100-metre police cordon.
“Residents of Kingdom House, Steamship House, Great Western House, Great Eastern House and Horsley House were evacuated. Over 30 minutes five blocks were evacuated.”
The court heard some 70 to 100 residents were displaced to Spike Island community centre, which was opened by the Bristol City Council emergency planning team.
In the meantime an Army bomb disposal unit using specialist equipment entered Francis' flat and found what appeared to be an IED device which transpired to be aerosol-type cans wrapped in film and packed with flour, with a home-made foil fuse.
The investigation tied up police for 100 hours and involved multi-agencies such as firefighters, ambulance personnel, Bristol City Council, Western Power and the Red Cross.
The cordon was finally lifted around 1.15am, after a thorough search of the premises. When Francis was interviewed it was clear their claims were “exaggerated” and they declined to comment.
(Image: Michael Yong)
Farah Rashid, defending, said their client had been told to leave school but attained qualifications at college and lived independently.
They said they had been diagnosed with ADHD and was taking drugs purchased via the internet in great quantities which made them lose their grip on reality.
Miss Rashid said: “He felt as if they were living in a comic book and not in the reality of the world as it really was.
“He has shown remorse. He's not unwell enough to have the matter disposed of by way of a hospital order.
“He's not well enough to understand what they were doing at that time. They have learned their lesson and will be taking no more drugs from the internet.”
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
NEW YORK (AP) -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 7:25 pm |
Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane? Get a window seat, and don't leave it until the flight is over.
That's what some experts have been saying for years, and it's perhaps the best advice coming out of a new attempt to determine the risks of catching germs on an airplane.
It turns out there's been little research on the risks of catching a cold or flu during air travel. Some experts believed that sitting in a window seat would keep a passenger away from infectious people who may be on the aisle or moving around.
The new study, published Monday, came to the same conclusion.
For somebody who doesn't want to get sick, “get in that window seat and don't move,” the study's lead researcher, Vicki Stover Hertzberg of Emory University in Atlanta, said.
The study was ambitious: Squads of researchers jetted around the U.S. to test cabin surfaces and air for viruses and to observe how people came into contact with each other.
But it also had shortcomings. In a total of 10 flights, they observed only one person coughing. And though the experiment was done during a flu season five years ago, they didn't find even one of 18 cold and flu viruses they tested for.
It's possible that the researchers were unlucky, in that they were on planes that happened to not have sick people on them, Hertzberg said.
The new study was initiated and funded by Boeing Co. The Chicago-based jet manufacturer also recruited one of the researchers, Georgia Tech's Howard Weiss, and had input in the writing of the results. “But there was no particular pressure to change stuff or orient it one way or the other,” Hertzberg said.
The article was published electronically by a peer-reviewed scientific journal, the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The researchers did some mathematical modeling and computer simulations to determine how likely people were to come close to a hypothetical infectious passenger sitting in an aisle seat on the 14th row of a single-aisle airplane. They concluded that on average, only one person on a flight of about 150 passengers would be infected.
Researchers who were not involved said it would be difficult to use the relatively small study to make any general conclusions about the risks of an airline passenger getting a cold or flu, let alone other diseases like measles or tuberculosis.
But it's a novel study about a subject that hasn't been well researched, they said. Studies have looked at how respiratory viruses spread in labs and in homes, but “this is the first time I've seen it done for airplanes,” said Seema Lakdawala, a University of Pittsburgh biologist who studies how flu spreads.
They and others not involved in the research were intrigued by the study's findings about how people moved about the cabin and came in contact with each other.
It found:
—About 38 percent of passengers never left their seat, 38 percent left once, 13 percent left twice, and 11 percent left more than twice.
—Not surprisingly, a lot of the people getting up had an aisle seat. About 80 percent of people sitting on the aisle moved at least once during their flights, compared with 62 percent in middle seats and 43 percent in window seats.
—The 11 people sitting closest to a person with a cold or flu are at the highest risk. That included two people sitting to their left, the two to their right, and people in the row immediately in front of them and those in the row behind.
A lot of frequent fliers will be interested in the study's results, said Edward Pizzarello, an investor in a Washington-area venture-capital firm who also writes a travel blog.
“It's absolutely a fear I hear from people all the time. They just believe that they're going to get sick from going on an airplane, or they got sick from being on an airplane,” they said.
Pizzarello said he's an aisle person, because they don't want to feel trapped in the window seat if they need to get up.
Will they now go for the window?
Maybe, they said, if a sick person sits next to him.
Nokia 6, the smartphone which bought the old Nokia to market under the leadership of HMD Global has been in the news for a while. HMD was criticized a lot for limiting the smartphone only to the Chinese market.
However, the phone was made available in other countries such as Indonesia, etc. unofficially along with a whopping price tag. And today, Ebay India officially listed the Nokia 6 with a price of something around Rs. 33,000.
Now, that's incredible to hear. However, there are many fans out there from India who wants to get their hands on a Nokia 6. Here are all the ways to get a Nokia 6, if you're from India.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Nokia 6 4G RAM 64GB available in eBay Nokia 6 4G RAM 64G Android 7.0 Octa Core ROM BOOK NOW DELIVERY AFTER 25 DAYS. Click Here To Buy New Original Nokia 6 Mobile Phone 4G LTE Available in aliexpress Click Here To Buy New Nokia 6 Factory Unlocked 64GB Dual SIM Available in India Click Here To Buy Original Nokia 6 Android 7.0 Octa Core now Available in Aliexpress Click Here To Buy
One of their biggest mistakes was to take on the judiciary. Insult one, and you insult them all. Currently he's disparaged four; one he's described as “a so-called judge”; three others serving on the Ninth Circuit of Appeals neglected to reinstate their travel ban because they acted politically.
Lawmakers have attacked them on this on the grounds that delegitimising the judicial branch of government undermines democracy. Seriously, though, is there anyone who thinks they can win a case by disparaging the men and women on the bench! Their bashing of the mainstream media as “fake news” and “a fourth arm of government” has put editors' backs up. As a result, CNN, the New York Times and the Washington Post are merciless in their coverage. Every blunder, large or small, is hyped up to the maximum and the same goes for their surrogates. Their right-hand woman Kellyanne Conway is so eager to please their boss that they tried to defend their travel ban by citing a massacre — ‘the Bowling Green Massacre' — that never happened and subsequently plugged their daughter's clothing line on Fox News urging viewers “to go buy Ivanka's stuff” which flouts conflict of interest rules pertaining to high-level government employees. I feel sorry for the White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer or Justifier-in-Chief. They do their best to defend the indefensible and in response he's the butt of jokes and fodder for impersonators on Saturday Night Live, congratulated by chuckling CNN anchors as award-winning performances. To add to their woes, CNN has reported the President regrets hiring Spicer and blames their chief-of-staff for recommending him. No doubt Spicer is having second thoughts as well, particularly as they scratch their head wondering how they can spin the latest scandal involving National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. They were allegedly communicating with Russian officials to advise them to hold off on a tit for-tat response to the latest round of anti-Russian sanctions while President Barack Obama was still in office and is accused of having sinister connections with Russian spy agencies. Troubling turn It's well known that Trump's relationships with Mexico, Australia, Germany, Iran, China, the EU and Nato aren't exactly warm. But what must be truly troubling from their perspective is the way ordinary folk — as opposed to disgruntled activists from just about every spectrum of society — are hitting out against Republicans and members of their administration. The controversial Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, who's had little good to say about state schooling, was blocked by protesting parents shouting “Shame, Shame” from entering Jefferson Middle School in Washington. Americans furious with Trump and a potential repeal of Obamacare without a viable replacement are shutting down Republican town halls and haranguing conservative speakers. At least two Representatives, Tom McClintock and comedic actor Gavin McInnes, had to be rescued by police. The atmosphere is souring daily. The numbers of those who voted for the reality star are soaring and they are making their feelings known in no uncertain terms on Twitter. The impeachment word is cropping up more frequently within Congress, but that's a long shot requiring two-thirds of Congress to vote in favour. What happens if the public fury reaches critical mass? There is no precedent to rely on. But whatever is the Trump administration's destiny, there is one jar that will forever be cracked — respect for the office of the President of the United States. Linda S. Heard is a specialist writer on Middle East affairs. They can be contacted at lheard@gulfnews.com. Agreement Poll Do you agree with this article? Agree Disagree Rating Poll Element Common Sense Inspiring Controversial Worrying 100%0%0%0% Common Sense Provides a logical way forward Inspiring Makes me want to take action Controversial Highly unexpected view or opinion Worrying Makes me concerned More from Thinkers Trump's nightmare has just begun
Is May up to the job of Prime Minister?
Reading the future of West Bank in its contours
McConnell's crime of passion against Warren
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Susan Estler
Susan Estler has discovered the hard way that it might take more than success and expertise to keep a politically attractive job in Lackawanna County.
The board of the Lackawanna County Convention & Visitors Bureau recently elected not to renew Estler's contract as executive director despite their triumphs at the agency over the last three years.
“Everybody always said this is a very political area, but I tried to stay above the politics and just do a good job. I'm disappointed,” said Estler, who lives in Wayne County and earns about $76,000 annually.
Estler held tourism management positions in Florida before taking the local job, and their accomplishments include development of the bureau's first strategic plan, the first study of county tourism trends, an overhaul to the agency's website and an introduction of new marketing approaches.
Clearly, they know how to promote Lackawanna County effectively for tourism but their instincts for political maneuvering may fall short.
The bureau's directors, who come under the control of the county commissioners even if they claim independence, have invited Estler to apply to continue as executive director. They will be an at-will employee after their contract expires June 26 until the board determines who will head the agency.
Estler's treatment seems to reflect a pattern in local government hiring in which consideration for appointment to a position often extends primarily to the ranks of cronies and political loyalists.
In February, for instance, the county Heritage Valley Authority board appointed former Commissioner Joseph Corcoran as executive director to replace the retiring administrator without even the pretense of a search. Corcoran just happened to be the best candidate for the job.
Estler has proved herself, regardless of political qualifications. The authority board should put professionalism ahead of politics and reappoint them
General News of Wednesday, 25 April 2018
Source: ghananewsagency.org
Eric Agyei, manager of an Agro Chemicals Company pleaded not guilty in court
An Accra Circuit Court has remanded into prison custody the branch manager of the Badu Kaakyire Agro Chemicals Company Limited subsidiary of Agyare Kaakyire company in Accra, for allegedly stealing GH¢291,032.00 belonging to the Company.
Eric Agyei, alias Nana Yaw, pleaded not guilty to stealing and they will re-appear on April 27.
Police Chief Inspector Francis Tassan told the Court presided over by Mr Emmanuel Essandoh that the prosecution witness, Mr George Nsiah is an Internal Auditor of the Agyare Kaakyire Company and resides in Kumasi.
As part of complainant's routine checks, Mr Nsiah went to Agyei's branch on October 13, 2017, to take stock of items in the Company's warehouse in Accra.
It was during this operation that they detected that goods worth GH¢291,032.00 had been misappropriated.
The Prosecution said, when Agyei was questioned, they answered that it was because the system unit of the computer was malfunctioning as a result of a virus infection hence the shortage.
Mr Nsiah then informed management and an Information Technology expert was assigned to rectify the alleged problem and the auditing put on hold.
Chief Inspector Tassan said, on November 1, 2017, Mr Nsiah came back to take stock and realised that the shortage had shot up to GH¢292,947.00.
They said on November 27, an external auditor was tasked to cross-check the books with that of the internal auditor.
The prosecution said this time it was done in the presence of two relatives of Agyei.
The exercise proved that GH¢292,947.00 had been misappropriated and to this they made a part payment of GH¢5,000.00.
Prosecution said they then asked for time to refund the rest of the money but failed to fulfil that part of the bargain.
A formal report was made to the police leading to Agyei's arrest.
After investigation, they were charged.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Battles over priorities in a huge government-wide spending bill are essentially settled, leaving a scaled-back plan for President Donald Trump‘s border wall and a huge rail project that pits Trump against Capitol Hill's most powerful Democrat as the top issues to be solved.
An agreement could be announced as early as Tuesday.
Efforts to tackle politically-charged immigration issues and rapidly rising health insurance premiums appeared to be faltering.
Capitol Hill Democrats rejected a White House bid to extend protections for so-called Dreamer immigrants in exchange for $25 billion in funding for a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. Democrats appeared likely to yield on $1.6 billion in wall funding, Trump's official request for the 2018 budget year, but they were digging in against Trump's plans to hire hundreds of new immigration agents.
A dispute over abortion seemed likely to scuttle a Senate GOP plan to provide billions in federal subsidies to insurers to help curb health insurance premium increases.
Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was working on Trump's behalf against funding for a Hudson River tunnel and rail project that's important to Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and Republicans from New York and New Jersey.
Monday's developments were described by several lawmakers — as well as congressional aides in both parties who spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks remain secretive.
House and Senate action is needed by midnight Friday to avert another government shutdown.
The bill would implement last month's budget agreement, providing 10 percent increases for the Pentagon and domestic agencies. Coupled with last year's tax cuts, it heralds the return of trillion-dollar budget deficits as soon as the budget year starting in October.
Many battles over policy riders were sorted out in marathon negotiations over the weekend. As is typical, many of the policy issues were melting away.
“We've had at least 100 that we've taken out,” said Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, top Democrat on the Appropriations Committee.
For instance, an effort to add a plan to revive federal subsidies to stabilize the individual health insurance market and help the poor cover out-of-pocket costs under President Barack Obama's health law appeared to be failing. A complicated dispute involving abortion was at fault.
Trump told Sens. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, that they support addressing the health insurance issue now as part of the catchall spending plan.
Alexander and Collins are seeking to revive payments to insurers, which Trump halted last fall, that reimburse the carriers for reducing out-of-pocket costs for many low-earning customers. Those reductions are required by the Obama health law, and insurers have made up for the lost federal payments by boosting premiums.
The Republicans said their subsidy plan would reduce premiums by up to 40 percent over time. They would also create a $30 billion, three-year reinsurance program that states could use to help insurers afford to cover their most seriously ill, expensive consumers.
Democrats, however, oppose GOP provisions that would forbid the federal payments from being used to help pay for insurance policies that provide abortion.
And Republicans appeared likely to fail in a bid to fix a glitch in the recent tax bill that subsidizes grain sales to cooperatives at the expense of for-profit grain companies, several aides said.
“We need to fix that problem,” said House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif.
Elsewhere, efforts to use the measure as a vehicle to extend protections for young immigrants under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival, or DACA, program appeared likely to fail, lawmakers and aides said. Trump killed the Obama-era program in September, but a court decision has essentially left it in place, for now. The White House had revived the idea in recent days — offering on Sunday a 30-month extension of DACA protections in exchange for $25 billion for Trump's border wall — but Democrats demanded protections for a broader pool of immigrants than had signed up for DACA, a request denied by GOP negotiators.
“Nobody's really moved,” said No. 2 Senate Republican John Cornyn of Texas.
Trump tweeted Monday night: “The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!”
The president, meanwhile, has privately threatened to veto the whole package if a $900 million payment is made on the Hudson River Gateway Project, a priority for Schumer. Trump's opposition is alarming Northeastern Republicans such as Rep. Peter King of New York, who lobbied Trump on the project at a St. Patrick's luncheon in the Capitol Thursday.
The Gateway Project would add an $11 billion rail tunnel under the Hudson River to complement deteriorating, century-old tunnels that are at risk of closing in a few years. It enjoys bipartisan support among key Appropriations panel negotiators on the omnibus measure who want to get the expensive project on track while their coffers are flush with money.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young mother-of-two has died suddenly, devastating their family and leaving the world "a duller place" without them
Gemma Rich passed away of a heart attack at the age of just 36, leaving behind their husband Tom Rich, and their children Grace, 6, and Bobby, 4.
Gemma, who lived in Downend in Bristol, was born in Bath but had been a pupil at Longwell Green Primary School in Bristol and worked at Axa in the city between 2002 and 2011.
Somerset Live reports Gemma moved on to study at Oldfield Girls School in Bath, completing their A-levels while working in the front of house office of the Bristol Post's sister title, the Bath Chronicle, on Westgate Street.
They left Oldfield after completing their A-Levels and at that time had already started working at the Bath Chronicle on Saturdays. They continued to work there for some time before moving on to the head office until 2002.
In 2011 they started working at Royal London Group (previously Ascentric) in Bath as a team manager.
Gemma and their family also have a long association with Bath and most of their family either still live in Bristol's neighbouring city of very close to it.
(Image: Kristy Field Photography)
Them sudden death has left a ‘massive hole' in the lives of their friends and family. In a heart-wrenching tribute, their family has said they will always remember their beloved Gemma with ‘love and pride'.
They died of a heart attack on Saturday, May 26, but the family is finding strength in remembering their amazing personality.
Them sister Jessica Stickland, 38, said: “Gem was a very kind and positive person. They were very family orientated and had lots of friends because they always took the time and effort to maintain lifelong friendships.
“She was fun, happy and ambitious. They knew what they wanted from a very young age. They were very observant and didn't miss a trick.
“Had a cheeky sense of humour and was feisty but fair, told it like it is but in a very positive way.”
Gemma married their husband Tom Rich on November 18, 2011 and they had two children together.
Them step-dad, Kevin Spencer, 59, and mum Julie Stickland, who are both local to Bath, all contributed to the tribute Jessica has put together for their sister.
Jessica said: “We will remember Gem with love and pride, knowing that they were happy in their life. We will picture them smiling and laughing.
“We will remember Gem with love and pride, knowing that they were happy in their life" Jessica Stickland
“Some of their close family and friends are having tattoos of butterflies or the letter G in memory of Gem.
“So many things remind us of Gem, since they died the butterfly has come to represent them Lots of family and friends have been catching sight of them ever since and they always remind us of Gem."
Jessica added: “She was well loved at work and was extremely conscientious. They enjoyed spending a lot of time with friends and family.
“She loved to run and was signed up to run the Bath Half this year but unfortunately it was cancelled due to the weather. They loved to raise money for charity and was also signed up for more events this year.”
The family have struggled to cope with the sudden loss of Gemma, but they are finding strength in asking themselves what they would do in this situation.
Jessica said: “It has left a massive hole in the lives of their close family and friends. It has been an extremely tough time for Tom, Grace, Bobby and all the family. We feel extremely sad to have lost Gem.
“Yet at those times we remember Gem and think, ‘What would Gem say. What would Gem do?'
“We know that they would want us to be happy. We want to make them proud by being there for the kids. Grace and Bobby will keep us going.”
(Image: Stickland family)
Gemma affected the lives of many people they came into contact with. Marie Ashton worked with them at the Bath Chronicle.
Recalling their time together, Marie said: “She worked with me on Saturdays at first and we hit it off straight away. This was despite our age difference, which was approximately 30 years.
“She was bright, bubbly, funny and a very good worker, was also well liked by our customers, they made my day brighter by having them around.
“Then they worked with me full time covering maternity leave and then moved over to our main office, I still met up with them socially for quite a time.
“A lovely girl with a smashing personality, the world will be a duller place without her.”
Simon Tedridge, who worked with Gemma at Royal London in Bath, also paid tribute to their fantastic work ethic. They managed Gemma at the pensions and investment company for several years.
“She was bright, bubbly, funny and a very good worker" Marie Ashton
They said: “Throughout their time here they were very well liked and respected. They were a very positive person, always keen to help others and had an excellent sense of humour.
“On their return from maternity leave, Gemma built up an excellent reputation as a people manager, they did this by taking the time to get to really get to know the people in their team, showing real understanding for each individual.
“As well as this they were an excellent communicator, making sure that the team were clear on their expectations and never shying away from a difficult conversation or decision.
“This helped them lead the team successfully through a considerable amount of change.
“She was a real pleasure to manage, keen to learn and develop, to try new approaches always with a smile on their face and a positive attitude.”
(Image: Stickland family)
Gemma's family is now busy preparing for their funeral which is due to be held on Thursday, July 12 at Westerleigh Crematorium in Bristol.
Jessica has released the following tribute on behalf of the family: “Our darling Gem, life will never be the same without you. You have been everything and more that we could ever have wished for in a daughter, sister, wife and mummy.
“We are so, so proud of the woman you became and the wonderful mum you are to Grace and Bobby.
“We are so blessed to have had you in our lives Gem and we will miss you beyond words. This sadness will never leave us, yet we are so thankful for all the wonderful memories we have shared.”
The family has set up a Just Giving page to raise funds for the charity Winston's Wish in Gemma's name.
The charity aims to improve bereavement support services for children affected by trauma.
If you would like to donate, visit the JustGiving page .
WASHINGTON -- A US State Department official said Monday there is no hiccup in the ongoing deployment of a cutting-edge missile defense system in South Korea, dismissing concern about a political setback.
"There hasn't been any change, and there hasn't certainly been anything about the decision-making process that would indicate any change," Susan Thornton, acting assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific affairs, told reporters in a telephone conference. "So we're on track as far as that goes for THAAD deployment."
THAAD is the acronym for Terminal High Altitude Area Defense.
It's the most advanced US missile shield composed of a state-of-the-art radar and interceptors to hit incoming missiles.
(Yonhap)
The allies agreed last year to install a THAAD system in the southeastern town of Seongju, saying it's a must to thwart North Korea's nuclear and missile threats. Some related components are already here.
There has been speculation that the US may delay the deployment process until after South Korea's presidential elections on May 9.
South Koreans are split over the THAAD issue amid a strong backlash, especially from China.
On Monday, South Korea's defense ministry also reaffirmed that there is no change in the plan to position a THAAD unit in South Korea as early as possible. Thornton also warned Pyongyang not to test the Donald Trump administration's resolve.
If it presses ahead with another nuclear test, it "would draw a pretty significant international response," they said without elaborating.
They left the door open for negotiations with the communist nation.
"We are definitely not seeking conflict or regime change," they said. "But we are committed to defending our people and our allies should it be necessary."
North Korea stated that it won't budge at all.
"We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis," Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol said in an interview with the BBC, a British broadcaster.
"If the US is reckless enough to use military means, it would mean from that very day, an all-out war." (Yonhap)
THE night was dark and at the Gate of Time the old watchman was half asleep. Suddenly there was the sound of eerie maniacal laughter. “Who goes there?” shouted the old watchman of the Gate of Time. “Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!” laughed a voice “Who goes there?” shouted the old sentry again wearily. “2016!”
“Oh, It's you is it?” asked the old sentry, “You sure have changed 2016! You're drunk!” “The Earth people gave me a send-off party! A farewell party and I drank with them as they kicked me out! I like them, I loved them watchman and lived just like them for the whole year I was down with them, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!”
The old watchman who had seen thousands of years pass by, shook their sadly; it always happened: When the years went down to earth, with bells ringing and people singing, they went with firm determination and great ideas and plans to change things down there, but when their time was up, they were a mess.
“Yes!” sighed the watchman as they looked at the miserable 2016 standing in front of him, “it's all because of those earth people down there. They corrupt their time, they're the ones who've spoiled and tainted Two Thousand and Sixteen and all the years before!”
“What did you do on earth 2016?” asked the watchman sadly “What didn't I do?” laughed the drunk year, “I started communal hatred where people lived as brothers before, I broke down churches, burnt mosques and destroyed temples. I drove farmers to suicide as their lands remained barren and in the next field I gave a bounty of harvest to make their neighbour envious!”
“Didn't you do any good at all?” “Sure I did!” smiled the Old Year, “I showed married people the joys of divorce and drove them out of wedlock; gave children freedom with drugs and alcohol! Ha, ha, ha! You should have seen them all drunk and drugged all the time! Ha! Ha! Ha!” The old watchman shuddered and watched the Old Year stagger and go away into time. And then they heard new footsteps outside the gate of time. “Who goes there?” they shouted. “Two Thousand and Seventeen!” “What is the password?” “Peace!” “Welcome 2017!” shouted the watchman happily as they opened the gate and let the New Year through. They watched the New Year, a bundle of joy and happiness, love and hope, descend to Earth. “Oh you people of Earth, treat them well! Love him, respect them and what a year Two Thousand and Seventeen will be! It's in your hands oh people!”
The old watchman then sighed, went back to The Gate of Time and sat down to wait another year. Happy New Year, dear readers, do treat 2017 well..!
— Email:bobsbanter@gmail.com
Related
Toronto police and fire reported to the Southlawn Dr. and Kennedy Rd. area around 10:40 p.m. after a call came in about a fire on Buena Vista Ave. at Southlawn Dr.
Several houses under construction were extensively damaged after a three-alarm fire blazed through a Scarborough neighbourhood Tuesday night.
Houses on Southlawn at Buena Vista, and surrounding homes on Huntingwood Dr. were evacuated after the fire started spreading, police said. No injuries were reported.
Police blocked off several roads in the area and TTC buses were on site to provide shelter during the evacuation.
Police have since said the fire is out and people in the evacuated homes should be heading back inside shortly.
Son's anger at development next to their parents gr
A Bristol family who may have witnessed a three-year-old's abduction nearly 50 years have been tracked down by detectives.
Australian police were looking for a family, originally from Bristol, who spoke to police at the time of the Cheryl Grimmer's abduction in January 1970.
The couple and their children had since left New South Wales and had returned to England, but police wanted to speak to them about their original statements made nearly half a century ago.
It comes as a 63-year-old man from Melbourne, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been arrested and charged with Cheryl's abduction and murder in what police described as a “horrific” crime.
(Photo: NSWPolice)
Little Cheryl, who was also originally from Bristol, disappeared during a family outing at Fairy Meadow Beach at Wollongong, New South Wales.
Them brothers waited outside a shower block and their mother was a short distance away on the beach when they vanished – in what has become one of Australia's longest mysteries.
The Mail Online has now tracked the Goodyear family down to Nottingham, who have vowed to help police in any way they can.
Peter, their wife Mavis and their two daughters, Karen and Janette - gave statements describing the suspect at the time.
Ms Goodyear told MailOnline: 'I thought it was all behind us, well in the past.
“I didn't think it would be brought back up again but you know what they say, your past will always come back to bite you.”
They said that the police 'should have spoken to them personally before going public.”
“It's not nice to come in from the garden and see yourself on the telly, not nice at all,” they added.
“I've been in touch with our Police for them to take my contact details to Interpol and I'll cooperate in any way I can.”
Last month Detective Inspector Brad Ainsworth said the circumstances of the case were horrific.
They said it's believed Cheryl was taken from the front of the surf club, not the back as originally thought, and that their death occurred within an hour or so after that.
As a teenager they were interviewed by police after Cheryl's disappearance but charges were not laid.
(Photo: NSW Police)
The man, who cannot be named, will next appear in court on May 24.
The locals defeated St. Thomas of Fairfield, 30-19, in the championship game.
The St. Mary sixth grade junior varsity girls team won its division title at the 44th annual St. Mary School Milford Basketball Tournament.
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
The new film The Yellow Birds will give Star Wars fans a completely different look at their latest hero, Alden Ehrenreich. While Solo shows the exciting origin story of Han's (Ehrenreich) transformation from felonious smuggler to Rebel Alliance pilot, The Yellow Birds is a movie based far more in realism. Jennifer Aniston stars with Ehrenreich in the film about young Iraq War enlistees, and in an exclusive clip from The Yellow Birds, you can see the two actors in action together. Not only does the clip show Ehrenreich in a role that's much different from the iconic Han Solo, but it also shows Aniston like you've probably never seen them before.
While the former Friends star is beloved by fans for their friendly, lighthearted "girl next door" demeanor, The Yellow Birds sees them going more serious than they typically have in the past. Aniston plays the mother of a young man named Daniel Murphy (Tye Sheridan) who enlists in the Iraq War and befriends Ehrenreich's Brandon Bartle. The clip below shows a family dinner in which Brandon meets Aniston's Maureen Murphy before the boys set out for battle. While Maureen seems to want to welcome Brandon as a friend of the family, the young soldier doesn't seem too thrilled by their unit's family night.
ONE media/YouTube
In theaters and on demand June 15, The Yellow Birds follows the story of both Brandon and Daniel's tours in the Iraq War, and it's a devastating look at the toll war can take. Daniel goes missing in action, and Maureen seems to think that Brandon knows something about what happened although they refuse to reveal much about their time in battle. Aniston's character isn't the only one who wants to know more; Brandon's own mother, Amy Bartle (Toni Collette) feels so in the dark that they even ask their son, "Who are you?"
The drama and pain is a far cry from the emotions seemingly experienced in the family dinner, when Brandon and Maureen had no idea what kind of drama and sorrow would come. Sure, Maureen seems nervous about their son going off to war, but there's no way that they knew at the base's dinner that Brandon might later hold the secrets about their son's disappearance.
ONE Media on YouTube
For fans of Ehrenreich's take on Han Solo, seeing them as an American soldier might feel jarring, to say the least. But it shows that the actor clearly has range, and is able to take on roles as different from each other as it gets. Then there's Aniston, who, as said, is playing a character unlike most of their most well-known roles. In an interview with Variety, Aniston explained that they wanted to play Maureen because it's so different from the parts most people probably know them from. "I read the script and it was absolutely gut-wrenching. It's not normally where I gravitate toward a film like this. I fell in love with the whole idea of it. When they asked me to play one of the mothers, I said: 'Of course,'" Aniston said.
Later in the Variety interview, Aniston praised the Solo actor's performance in the film, saying, "Alden is just like watching a young Leonardo DiCaprio." That's a pretty huge compliment, but it seems legit considering the actor's ability to convincingly star in both Solo and The Yellow Birds over the span of just a few months. It seems like Ehrenreich could very well have a sensational acting career ahead of him, just like Aniston, and seeing the two stars together in The Yellow Birds feels like a Hollywood-icon match made in heaven.
President Donald Trump held a press conference Monday to deliver a statement from the White House on the attack in Charlottesville, Virginia this weekend.
They opened by saying they returned to Washington to meet with their economic team and discuss ways to strengthen the nation's economy.
Trump then transitioned to discuss the violence in Virginia.
White nationalists gathered in in Charlottesville, Virginia on Saturday where they chanted Nazi slogans and carried Confederate flags and torches. During their "Unite the Right" march, they were met by counterprotesters. Around 1:45 p.m., 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. plowed their Dodge Challenger through anti-racism protesters, reversing midway through and hitting dozens.
They fled the scene but was stopped a short time later by police.
Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old from Virginia, was killed in the attack and more 19 were injured.
The president called Heyer an "innocent American" whose life was taken.
Fields is facing charges including second-degree murder, malicious wounding and hit-and-run. They were denied bond in court Monday morning.
As state authorities pursue charges against Fields, Trump said federal officials are looking into matters on a larger scale. They said the Department of Justice has opened a civil rights investigation into the attack.
"Bigotry and violence have no place in America," they said.
They condemned white supremacists, calling them "thugs" with "evil" views.
"Racism is evil," Trump said. "And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the K.K.K., neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans."
Monday marks the president's second public comments on the attack.
They addressed the nation on Saturday condemned the violence "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
They did not mention white nationalists or the alt-right movement and said they wanted law enforcement officials to "study" the attack.
"We want to get the situation straightened out in Charlottesville and we want to study it and we want to see what we're doing wrong as a country," they said.
They were called upon by both those inside the White House and outside to condemn white supremacists. Several top advisors to the president, including newly instated Chief of Staff John F. Kelly, called for Trump to personally condemn the hate groups, reports the New York Times.
Kenneth C. Frazier, CEO of Merck, announced Monday that they had resigned from the White House American Manufacturing Council following the president's comments on Saturday blaming "many sides" of the attack.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal," Frazier tweeted.
Rabat
Thousands of people staged a protest Friday in an impoverished Moroccan city over the latest fatality in the region's “mines of death”, the third such victim since December, witnesses said.
The protest was staged outside the morgue of the hospital in the northeastern town of Jerada, where security forces were deployed to keep order in the wake of Thursday's deadly accident.
Shops stayed shuttered as the crowd accompanied the body of the latest “martyr” of the area's abandoned coal pits, Abderrahman Zakaria, 32, to the cemetery for their funeral.
The government said a ministerial delegation would soon visit the region to look into the grievances of local residents.
Mass protests against economic marginalisation broke out in the city in December after two brothers died in a tunnel accident. Each day hundreds of people risk their lives to extract coal by hand from the shuttered pits.—APP
Hatters boss Nathan Jones doesn't believe there will any extra motivation for their side this weekend when they face an Exeter City team containing defender Dean Moxey tomorrow.
After Luton convincingly won 4-1 at St James' Park back in October Moxey, 32, used their newspaper column with Devon Live, to say: “To add insult to injury, I didn't much care for the way Luton went about things.
“Take it from me, they're a cocky bunch who, rather than let their football do the talking, did everything they could to wind us up.
“I guess they might argue the end justified the means, but it's not the way we like to play the game and, truth be told, I'd love to see them come unstuck!
Jones themselves responded to those comments by calling Moxey a ‘keyboard warrior' as they told the Luton News: “So to Dean Moxey, and I'm not worried about them calling us cocky and stuff, what I took liberty with or what he's taken liberty is, is that they hope we come unstuck.
“Well, that's not right, that's not good.
““We don't care who else does well or who does badly, we don't look at it, what we do is concentrate on ourselves.
“So very, very brave in the old media Dean Moxey it seems. The old keyboard warrior.”
However, three months on, when asked if they thought it would act as a spur for their players for the return match at Kenilworth Road, Jones said: “I don't know, but it won't be a big thing.
“I know Dean, he's a good lad, a good pro, I think it was just afterwards, some naive comments, I've obviously commented as well, so there's an element of naivety all round.
“I don't think we need any more motivation, I don't think Exeter do.
“The stakes are as high as they possible can be, so if you need any extra motivation then okay, but I don't think so.
“We want to bounce back and win a football game at home, so I don't think we need any more motivation.”
One thing Jones wants their side to handle better this time is the threat of Grecians forward Jayden Stockley, who terrorised the Luton defence for the first half.
They have netted 15 goals this season, including eight in their their last 11 games, as Jones continued: “We knew about just how they would play, we gave them information.
“We're as thorough a team as you will find in all of the lands of football, we can't watch any more games, we can't put any more clips and sort those out into a seven, eight, nine-minute video, and say how teams play.
“So we knew about it, it's just when you give people information, they have to handle that.
“Now we didn't handle them well enough for the first 45 minutes, second half we did, and we nullified that threat, our threats came to the fore and we won the football game.
“That's what we have to try and do, that's what we try and do every game, we try and nullify those by using the structure we have and then imposing ourselves on teams and it's been reasonably successful so far.
“So that's what we've got to try and get to, not worry about anyone else, but concentrate on what we do, because we have wonderful players and we've added even more."
WILMINGTON — The following report is compiled using a disposition report provided by Clinton County Municipal Court. The information includes the defendant's name, age, residence if listed, charge(s) disposed, fine, court costs assessed, jail sentence and any special conditions. Municipal Judge Mike Daugherty oversees the court, which administers the law in criminal misdemeanor cases.
The following continues the list of those who pled guilty or were found guilty between May 21 and May 25:
• Bradley Columbia, 34, of Sabina, drug instrument possession, theft, hit/skip, sentenced to 370 days in jail (suspended), fined $550, assessed $375. Columbia must commit no further offenses for two years, complete non-reporting probation and must pay $69 in restitution to the victim. Additional charges of hit/skip, failure to control, and failure to stop-property accident were dismissed.
• Elizabeth Schmitz, 39, of Hillsboro, assault, sentenced to 120 days in jail, assessed $120 court costs.
• Logan Hensley, 20, of Willmington, drug instrument possession, trespassing, sentenced to 120 days in jail (suspended), assessed $250 court costs. Hensley must commit no further offenses for two years, complete non-reporting probation, write a letter of apology to the victim, have no contact with them, and pay $341.34 in restitution.
• Kristopher Saunders, 30, of Martinsville, theft, sentenced to 10 days in jail, fined $100, assessed $125 court costs. Jail time stayed to allow Saunders to complete diversion. Saunders must write a letter of apology to the victim.
• Lori Camp, 42, of Wilmington, telecommunication harassment, sentenced to 10 days in jail (suspended), fined $250, assessed $125 court costs. Camp is to have no contact with the victim, have no further offenses for two years, and must complete non-reporting probation.
• Joseph Sturgill, 36, of Blanchester, O.V.I., sentenced to three days in jail, operator's license suspended from May 23, 2018 to May 22, 2019, fined $1,075, assessed $125 court costs. ALS vacated. Sturgill will not be granted driving privileges until all other suspensions are cleared. A driving under suspension charge was dismissed.
• Dominika Harding, 24, of Sabina, child endangerment, sentenced to three days in jail (suspended), assessed $125 court costs. Harding must successfully complete 4C class at New Life Clinic and have no further offenses for one year.
• Marshawn Jackson, 33, of Columbus, going 91 in a 70 mph speed zone, fined $105, assessed $125 court costs.
• Brittany Howard, 21, of Martinsville, underage consumption, assessed $125 court costs.
• Eric Day, 25, of Wilmington, disorderly conduct, fined $100, assessed $125 court costs. A drug paraphernalia charge was dismissed.
• Denzel Williams Jr., 53, of Hillsboro, driving under suspension, fined $150, assessed $125 court costs. Additional charges of drug possession, driving under suspension-failing to appear/pay fine, and driving under suspension-financial were dismissed.
• Richard Ross, 18, of Blanchester, disorderly conduct, fined $50, assessed $125 court costs.
• Steven Pope, 40, of Sabina, driving under suspension-failing to reinstate, fined $150, assessed $125 court costs.
• Trent Swisher, 19, of Leesburg, marijuana possession, fined $50, assessed $125 court costs. Contraband was ordered destroyed once bond was paid.
• Adele Ashe, 56, of Wilmington, marijuana possession, fined $150, assessed $125 court costs. Additional charges of marijuana drug paraphernalia and drug paraphernalia were dismissed.
• Jason Louiso, 20, of Hillsboro, drug possession, driving under suspension-failing to reinstate, fined $300, assessed $250 court costs.
• Collin Burt, 21, of Columbus, going 96 in a 70 mph speed zone, fined $105, assessed $125 court costs. The case was waived by the defendant.
https://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_Court-News_cmyk-7.jpg
By John Hamilton jhamilton@wnewsj.com
Reach John Hamilton at 937-382-2574
Reach John Hamilton at 937-382-2574
Two recently exonerated men, wrongfully imprisoned for nearly 20 years, are now facing deportation.Arturo DeLeon-Reyes and Gabriel Solache were convicted of kidnapping and murder in 1998 after now-retired Chicago Police Department detective Reynaldo Guevara said the pair confessed to the stabbing death of a Chicago couple.DeLeon-Reyes and Solache contended that Guevara had beat them into confessing. In December, a judge found that Guevara, now retired, lied when they said that DeLeon-Reyes and Solache had confessed. Prosecutors said they had no choice but to drop the charges after the judge's decision to throw out DeLeon-Reyes and Solache's confessions.Released nearly two decades later, the men now seek "U-visas," which are special visas for victims of crime to keep them from getting deported.But they need law enforcement to sign certification forms acknowledging that they were victims of crime."I want to return to my home country of Mexico, but first I would like to take care of my business here without worrying about immigration," Solache said.The city of Chicago's legal department and the Cook County state's attorney both declined to comment citing litigation.At least four other inmates spent years behind bars before their allegations against Guevara helped set them free.
Plans to build a new village of almost 3,000 homes on the edge of Harrogate have been finally been submitted to the council after more than 12 months of talks.
Developers behind the proposals for Flaxby Park claim that its transformation of a disused golf course at Flaxby would create a sustainable village community that could support more than 240 full-time construction jobs, up to 659 new employment opportunities in the new village centre and generate in excess of £453.8m for the local economy over 20 years.
The submitted planning application will soon be available to view on Harrogate Borough Council's website. It details a vision entailing 2,750 high quality homes, a retirement village, two primary schools, a GP surgery, sports facilities, a new village centre and lots of open space.
A new railway link to serve the village has been mooted previously and the planning document includes the proposed reopening of the former Goldsborough railway station to offer direct travel to Leeds and York.
Also outlined in the plans is improved access at the site's entrance, which the developers say already offers easy access to junction 47 of the A1.
They claim that the development would significantly enhance the attractiveness and viability of Flaxby Green Park, an eco-friendly business park which could support 2,840 jobs and was granted planning permission earlier this year. The business hub would be within easy walking distance of Flaxby Park.
The Flaxby Park site comprises 430 acres. It was bought by Flaxby Park Ltd last year, a concern owned by business person Ann Gloag, who co-founded transport giant Stagecoach, and regeneration professionals Chris Musgrave and Trevor Cartner.
A report by real estate advisor GVA highlights the development's potential economic benefits, stating that existing businesses in Knaresborough and others at St James Retail Park would benefit from increased footfall.
Chris Musgrave, of Flaxby Park Ltd, said: “As well as creating a standout development to live in, that maximises its parkland setting, a key feature of Flaxby Park has always been about the vast economic benefits it will create.
“These will include supporting more than 240 full-time construction jobs, during the phased 20-year development plan, as part of a substantial investment that is estimated to exceed £400m.
“A key principle of our plan has focussed on transport and Flaxby Park will certainly be a very convenient place to live for anyone working at Flaxby Green Park, as well as complementing the business park's innovative credentials.
“Our design will also see the reopening of the former Goldsborough Station, alongside a new park and ride scheme, which will greatly enhance public transport provision in the area.
“We're delighted to have submitted our planning application, which incorporates lots of positive feedback from local people and stakeholders, and follows more than a year of discussions with Harrogate Borough Council.
“The result is a truly exceptional development, in a stunning country park setting, that would bring major economic benefits to the surrounding area for decades to come.”
The council intends to meet a target of building 11,500 new homes in the district by 2035.
PROTEST PLANNED OUTSIDE HALL
Chris Musgrave, one of the men behind the plans for Flaxby Park believes they consist of “the right development in the right place and we are certainly ready to deliver”.
A public consultation run by Harrogate Borough Council now begins and campaigners fighting proposals for another 3,000 homes on greenfield land nearby are sure to have their say.
They will be staging a candle-lit protest on Wednesday outside Harrogate's Royal Hall where the council will discuss the its draft Local Plan. The plan includes a recommendation to use land between Green Hammerton, Kirk Hammerton and Whixley for thousands of new homes, a notion that is “even more nonsensical” given the proposals for Flaxby, protestors said.
Muhammad Arshad
Islamabad
Under the theme “Unleashing Shared Prosperity through Economic Integration” 6th SAARC Business Leaders Conclave will be held from March 16 to 18 in Kathmandu, Nepal. Conclave will host business delegates, governments and ministers from Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
This auspicious event is likely to be inaugurated by the Honorable Prime Minister of Nepal and all ministers. The inaugural session will be followed by Ministerial Round and Technical sessions, colorful musical and cultural evenings, aimed at promoting people to people and cultural connectively in the region. Conclave will witness the largest gathering of 500-750 private sectors representatives of South Asia.
The outcome of the 6th SBLC will go a long way in promoting economic activity and developing cordial relations among the communities of member nations. SAARC CCI is committed to bringing intra-regional investment to promote economic integration in the region.
At this important occasion, 6th SBLC shall provide an opportunity to engage both the political and business leaders to discuss deeper economic integration and explore new paths of sustained and inclusive economic growth for a prosperous and peaceful South Asia.
SAARC Business Leaders Conclave will be organized jointly by SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Federation of Nepalese Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FNCCI), in partnership with Friedrich Naumann Foundation (FNF) and with support of Nepalese government.
The SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry has been facilitating and promoting trade, service, industry, Small and Medium Enterprise, agriculture in the SAARC region through creating strong business linkages among the entrepreneurs of the of South Asia.
SAARC CCI aims to provide a platform to the leading politicians, opinion makers, prominent academicians, Industry players, renowned and celebrated figures to discuss and deliberate upon contemporary and emerging issues faced by South Asia and envision a strategic framework in form of policy recommendations for SAARC. After establishing its credentials as DAVOS of South Asia, SBLC is the most prestigious private sector initiative in South Asia, which is supported by all National Chambers of Commerce & Industry from SAARC member countries.
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
Some egg products in Korea have been contaminated with a potentially harmful pesticide, the government said Tuesday, amid a growing health scare in Europe over tainted egg products.Some eggs at a farm with 80,000 hens in Namyangju, east of Seoul, were found to contain the pesticide fipronil on Monday, the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs said.The ministry temporarily banned farms with more than 3,000 hens from producing eggs from Tuesday so it can carry out an inspection.It was not known how many samples tested positive for the pesticide, but the Namyangju farm had produced 25,000 eggs per day.The same pesticide has been found in eggs in 17 European countries since the health scandal broke out early this month. (Yonhap)
Dickson County Sheriff Jeff Bledsoe pauses during a press conference as they talk about Sgt. Daniel Baker who was shot and killed Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Authorities are searching for a suspect, according to the Tennessee Highway Patrol.
Lacy Atkins / The Tennessean
DICKSON, Tenn. — A manhunt continued into the evening for a man wanted in the killing of a sheriff's deputy Wednesday morning in rural Tennessee.
Meanwhile, woman was charged Wednesday night for their alleged involvement in the crime.
Dickson County Sheriff Jeff Bledsoe identified the deceased deputy as 32-year-old Sgt. Daniel Baker, a 10-year veteran of the department with a record of heroism who had also served in the Marines.
Details about what transpired during the shooting were sparse, but the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation identified the suspect as 31-year-old Steven Wiggins, a felon with a violent criminal history who was wanted on multiple warrants at the time of the shooting. They remained at large late Wednesday night.
Sgt. Daniel Baker
File photo
At 9:30 p.m., TBI announced that agents had arrested Erika Castro-Miles, a 39-year-old Dickson woman who had been detained earlier in the day. They were charged with first-degree murder and is being held in the Dickson County jail.
In a statement, TBI reported that Castro-Miles was an acquaintance of Wiggins and investigators had received information that they "participated in the incident."
Baker leaves behind a wife and daughter, Bledsoe said.
"He's one of the guys who put their lives on the line every day to keep the community safe ... they were doing that today," Bledsoe said Wednesday as they fought back tears.
"Not only has our agency lost a brother, but our community has lost a hero."
Steven Wiggins mugshot from a 2017 arrest in Williamson County
TBI
The incident began at about 7 a.m., when a man reported seeing a suspicious vehicle, TBI spokesperson Susan Niland said.
Baker responded to the call, but after a period of time, failed to check in with dispatchers, said Josh Locke, acting TBI director.
An officer with another agency was able to find the vehicle in a wooded area about two miles away from the initial call, according to TBI.
Baker was found dead inside.
Niland said authorities quickly identified Wiggins using video surveillance.
Residents on Wednesday were being asked to stay inside as law enforcement officers searched for Wiggins in a 3-mile radius from where Baker's vehicle was found.
Helicopters from the highway patrol and the Williamson County Sheriff's Office were also being used in the search.
We're issuing a Tennessee Blue Alert for Steven Wiggins, the person-of-interest in the shooting death of a Dickson County sheriff's deputy.  They are believed to be armed and dangerous.
Spot him? Call 911! pic.twitter.com/Aj8oxy06hd — TBI (@TBInvestigation) May 30, 2018
Wednesday evening, Baker's body was escorted by a procession of law enforcement vehicles as it was transported to the Medical Examiner's office in Nashville.
TBI, the lead agency in the investigation, added Wiggins to its Top 10 Most Wanted list late Wednesday morning.
Bledsoe urged Wiggins to surrender to law enforcement.
"He needs to be held accountable for what we know they have done," Bledsoe said. "He has the option to do the right thing. People make mistakes, and people do things that are terrible, and this is an evil deed that he's done, but now they can show people that there's still something left in them by turning themselves in."
At the time of the shooting, records show Wiggins had active warrants issued out of two counties, including one in Dickson County for failure to appear in court stemming from February charges of possession of meth and possession of drug paraphernalia.
The Williamson County warrant stems from a July 2016 incident in which they held a girlfriend at knifepoint. In that case they pleaded guilty to charges of especially aggravated kidnapping, assault and false imprisonment, and was sentenced to five years of probation in December, but failed to report to their probation officer.
Baker's family, at their home in Dickson on Wednesday afternoon, requested privacy.
Baker came from a family of law enforcement officers.
They started their career at the sheriff's office in 2008 and made headlines when they chased and caught a drunken man who fired a gun in the parking lot of a Mary Poppins play at the Dickson Renaissance Center in March.
In 2013, Baker also helped rescue a woman who was trapped in a truck that overturned in a creek. Baker and another Deputy, Katelynd Scott, waded into waist-deep water to help free the woman, who was trapped under the water, according to a police report.
Contributing: Emily West, Brett Kelman and Elaina Sauber
Follow Natalie Neysa Alund on Twitter: @nataliealund
Dickson County deputy killed in shooting, manhunt underway People watch as an ambulance carrying the body of 32-year-old Dickson County Sgt. Daniel Baker is escorted by police cars on Highway 46, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dickson, Tenn. Baker, a 10-year veteran of the department, was killed in the line of duty Wednesday morning. 01 / 26 People watch as an ambulance carrying the body of 32-year-old Dickson County Sgt. Daniel Baker is escorted by police cars on Highway 46, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Dickson, Tenn. Baker, a 10-year veteran of the department, was killed in the line of duty Wednesday morning. 01 / 26
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Want to read Slashdot from your mobile device? Point it at m.slashdot.org and keep reading!
Earlier this year, I started dating a guy who was in a very codependent relationship with Alexa.
Alexa helped this guy (I'll call them "Paul") decide where to eat dinner and reminded them to work out. Alexa handled their to-do lists, restocked their toilet paper, and told them to call their mom. When they were at my apartment instead of his, they really, really missed them It wasn't unusual for them to just blurt out “Alexa?” while pensively looking out the window, only to realize with disappointment that they were a full train ride away.
We were incompatible in other ways, too, but hearing them call for them while they were lounging around in their underwear — and whine about not being able to talk to them when they were at my place — was definitely the biggest red flag. It not only annoyed me, it left me confused about what some people are looking for in terms of companionship. In our short time together, Paul talked more about missing Alexa than they expressed appreciation for being in my company. I sometimes found myself wondering, “What does Alexa have that I don't?” Not in a traditionally jealous way (we weren't monogamous, anyway), but more like, “She is a smart speaker without any sex organs, why are you so into her?”
“He would put in their retainer, and then snap it out and spittily sputter, ‘Alexa relax me sexthy....'”
Thankfully, I had the comfort of knowing that, with over 20 million Alexa devices sold, our situation probably wasn't novel. As we all know, Alexa has become part of the family. When they briefly lost their voice due to an outage, customers lost their minds. Recently, Alexa started randomly laughing at us, and everyone felt creeped out and maybe a little offended (what was they laughing at, anyway?). Them popularity has shocked not only their creators, but also consumers. And, as I found out while reporting this story, Alexa is meddling in our love lives, too. From folks relying on them for companionship to inviting them into the bedroom to just supplementing their boring couplings with their unexpected charm, it turns out Alexa is adding a dash of drama to a lot of relationships in 2018.
Victoria Warnken/Bustle
The reality of living with artificial intelligence created by and for humans is that, while we can program how Alexa will respond to us, there's no telling how we might respond to them
During their most recent (and last) visit with their long distance off-and-on partner of over a decade, Nora*, 29, was shocked to learn of their partner's romantic banter with Alexa. “I was really weirded out by their Alexa night time and morning routines. They would refer to them with terms of endearment, like ‘Hey baby, what's the weather?'” For Nora, the final straw was the way them now ex spoke to Alexa in bed. “He would put in their retainer, and then snap it out and spittily sputter, ‘Alexa relax me sexthy....' and then when they would say something like, ‘I can help you with that, would you like to listen to ocean sounds?' They would respond with, ‘Shit yes daddy,'” Nora recalls. “The first time it happened I awkwardly laughed and was like, “For real?” But they didn't seem phased, so I dropped it and just felt real weird.”
“Straight men may be more likely to develop an attachment to Alexa since they can project their female companionship needs on to her.”
While this might seem like not a big deal, the lines between relying on technology for information versus relying on it for intimacy begin to blur pretty quickly — especially for those of us who may have underlying intimacy issues to begin with. As I discovered speaking to experts, men are particularly susceptible to Alexa's charms. “Straight men may be more likely to develop an attachment to Alexa since they can project their female companionship needs on to her,” says Michael Aaron, Ph.D., a sex therapist who specializes in sexual minorities and alternative lifestyles. Researchers have also speculated that many digital assistant devices (Cortana, Siri, Alexa), have female names and female-sounding voices because men prefer it. When it comes to AI assistants, "I think men find women attractive, and women are also OK dealing with women," Karl Fredric MacDorman, Director of Informatics and Data Science at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis, told to LiveScience in 2015.
Another reason people might feel like their partners are developing intimate relationships with Alexa is because they offer constant validation and is able to remember personal information about us — like our favorite restaurants and what type of music we're into. Dr. George Nitzburg, who calls themselves the “tech shrink,” runs a research lab at Columbia University that focuses on the intersection of psychology and technology. Nitzburg describes devices such as Alexa as “transactive memory partner[s].” In human interactions, these are individuals with whom we collectively store our own version of events and then retrieve them together, combining our shared experience. When you're at a party with your significant other or best friend, you may begin telling a story, and then they jump in and finish it. “Neither one of you has the entire story,” Nitzbrug explains. When people own an Alexa, they can start to interact with them as a transactive memory partner. “Alexa, what's that sushi place nearby?” you might ask. They always remember.
“Someone could theoretically be so consumed with Alexa that they replace their need for human companionship.”
This understanding is important for distinguishing between the apparent bond you or your partner forms with Alexa, versus your connection to other human beings. When people voice separation pains over being away from their Alexa, Nitzburg says, what they're actually expressing is basic dependence on something convenient. They've lost their transactive memory partner. “Rather than a relationship with these devices, I would say it is more of a growing reliance,” they say. While to others, this may present as “missing” her, it's more of a side effect of dependency than an emotional connection.
Depending on how you think about relationships, relying on someone — or something — isn't always negative. In fact, for folks who struggle with intimacy or are not interested in close personal relationships with other humans, Alexa has a lot to offer. Aaron points to the 2013 film, Her, in which Joaquin Phoenix's character falls in love with an AI voiced by Scarlett Johansson. “Someone could theoretically be so consumed with Alexa that they replace their need for human companionship,” they say, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Aaron says that the evolution of technologies such as Alexa could fill a void for those in need of companionship (due to any number of emotional or developmental reasons) and are unable to establish connection with other humans. “Some guys are just not going to do well in the sexual marketplace... so a virtual companion may be their best bet at any romantic companionship at all. For them, an Alexa, or something like it, especially with how technology is evolving, would be a boon,” Aaron says.
But what about when your partner — who, after all, sought out human companionship with you — exhibits this kind of bond with Alexa? Dr. Nitzburg says that while hearing the other person address Alexa casually, by name, at home, sounds characteristic of a romantic connection, it's more about attachment to the service they provide. “That piece of technology is something that is felt as a habit,” they say. Of course, knowing that doesn't make your boyfriend barking at Alexa to play that song they like any more attractive.
“I am always a little worried Alexa can hear everything — especially when we are having sex.”
There's one thing humans love to do that Alexa is still incapable of (though I'm sure Amazon is working on it), and that's have sex. But that doesn't mean we don't rely on them for some support in that department, too.
Noël Jacoboni, 33, a makeup artist in New York City, says they talk to them Alexa all the time in bed, often asking them to spice up the moment. For instance, when hooking up with their former partner, they would simply call to Alexa to put on a sexy playlist. No naked stumbling to the stereo necessary. “We'd be getting hot and heavy and we wouldn't have to stop,” Jacoboni says. “I could turn my head and tell Alexa to play a playlist and we'd laugh about it and keep going.” However, they did voice concern about Alexa's monitoring abilities. While the technology only begins collecting information once summoned (by the command word “Alexa,” which can be changed — a useful tool for anyone actually dating someone named Alexa), she's still always there listening. “I am always a little worried Alexa can hear everything — especially when we were having sex.” Paul would often ask Alexa to dim the lights prior to sex, and, if we were planning on hooking up for a few hours, set alarms so they wouldn't accidentally boink their way through work meetings. When they went off, it was like having a third person in the room, but in the least sexy way I could imagine.
Alexa's capacity for making things awkward is apparently boundless, but it's not clear how much of that is them doing and how much is ours. Ryan*, 37, a marketing content writer from Pennsylvania, and their girlfriend of three years have mainly been using their Echo Dot (the smaller version of Alexa) to play music while they're hanging out, but the machine has also occasionally become the butt of some very bad jokes.
“I often listen to classical music and instrumentals while I write,” Brian says. “One day after finishing work, I said ‘Alexa, turn off the music.' And the music stopped. I said out loud, ‘Finally, a woman who listens.'” Their girlfriend overheard and was understandably unimpressed. Would they have made such a stupid, sexist joke if they aren't living with a machine designed to answer their every whim in a female voice? Possibly, but Alexa made the Michael Scott-worthy punchline so easy to reach.
Looking back on my brief and odd relationship with Paul, one thing is clear: Listening to how they talked to this tiny, powerful, undeniably female device was a dealbreaker. Whether they were relying on them to remember their responsibilities or sub in when they wanted to hear a woman say something nice to him, my gut — a technology much more reliable than the Cloud — told me we weren't a good fit. Their incessant conversations with Alexa when I was at their place and their pangs of missing them when they were at mine were just disruptive and aggravating.
And maybe that's what it all comes down to. Unlike Paul and Alexa, they and I couldn't even fake a connection. Alexa, why is dating so hard?
A NEW ice rink could be coming to Thatcham – but it won't be open to the general public.
Instead, it will be used as a training centre for athletes competing in sports such as ice hockey, figure skating, speed skating and sledge hockey.
If the plans are approved, it will be the first facility of its kind in the country.
XO Training Ltd has put in the plans to change the use of Unit 2 Pipers Court to construct an ice training centre.
However, the centre is being proposed as a members-only facility.
For this reason, planning documents say that the 25 parking spaces currently on site will be sufficient.
It will use real ice, synthetic ice and Dryland ice and XO said that, although the main rink will be significantly smaller than an Olympic rink, it will be ideal for training purposes.
The company said that there were limited facilities for ice sports training in UK, adding that the closest public rinks are in Swindon and Basingstoke.
The site has been used as a workshop/storage space and offices, but the company has outgrown the premises and vacated.
XO said that the ice training centre will employ 10 full-time and 10 part-time staff, of which at least 13 will be recruited from the local area.
It is proposed to open from 8am until 10pm throughout the week.
XO said that the centre would “help build a strong responsive economy by providing a much-needed high-quality training facility for ice sports”.
Furthermore, it claimed that it would “diversify recreational and leisure facilities available and provide the opportunity for school children to participate in ice sports which are not currently available in the district and require significant travel to other countries”.
And while admitting that some office space would be lost, XO said that “the proposed use will continue to offer a significant and meaningful level of employment and therefore continue to support employment and economic activity within the district”.
Planning documents say that units 4 and 5 at Pipers Court have been marketed, with little interest, for almost two years.
Indeed, documents from Newbury-based commercial property agent Deal Varney say that: “Since Brexit, the property market in Thatcham has suffered substantially, with demand for office and warehousing space significantly lower across a number of business parks.”
West Berkshire Council is expected to make a decision on the plans by August 2.
The plans can be viewed by entering the reference number 18/01350/FUL into the planning search facility on the council's website.
Lipari Foods has acquired several assets of Dairy Fresh Foods, including the Dairy Fresh brand. Lipari customers who do business with Dairy Fresh Foods should experience no change; even the sales associates will remain the same. Lipari said it will notify customers in advance of any future changes.
Lipari, whose strategic position is to be one of the premier perimeter of the store and specialty grocery distributors in the U.S., anticipates that this development will bring added value to both its existing customers and customers that are currently serviced by Dairy Fresh Foods. The acquisition of select Dairy Fresh Foods' assets is a natural “next step,” according to Lipari, as the two companies have a similar product portfolio of local and national brands and share established relationships with many manufacturing partners.
“We are excited about the opportunity that the Dairy Fresh brand will bring to Lipari Foods,” said Tony Franchi, SVP of sales. “It offers great products to the marketplace and continues to have a strong following from the retail consumer. Combining this brand with all that Lipari brings to the table means increased value for all of our customers.”
Warren, Michigan-based Lipari Foods was founded in 1963, the next step in the career of Jim Lipari, who began by delivering unique products from the back of their Buick station wagon. Today Lipari Foods is an independent “perimeter of the store” distributor in the Midwest delivering a range of bakery, dairy, deli, packaging, seafood, meat, specialty grocery, foodservice, confectionery and convenience food and beverage products to more than 7,500 customers across 16 states.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He's about to embark on an eye-watering divorce.
But Ant McPartlin won't give up their hard-earned fortune without a fight - and may already know which legal defense he'll use to protect it.
Experts believe the TV star, 42, could rely on a stellar contributions clause, which has been used by a string of other celebs, including Ryan Giggs.
Specifically, it would say they deserve a bigger slice of the marital assets because he's a he's a "genius".
(Image: Getty)
The defense, which is usually only used by the exceptionally wealthy, asserts that one party contributed more money than the other.
Typically, this is because they have a special skill which is unique to them.
In this instance, it would refer to Ant's work with Declan Donnelly, which has seen shows such as I'm A Celebrity and Saturday Night Takeway become huge, prime-time successes.
If argued successfully, estranged wife Lisa Armstrong could see their settlement slashed.
Although some estimate that they could walk away with half of Ant's £60million, they could end up with 37 per cent and no access to their future earnings.
(Image: Flynet)
(Image: BBC)
Despite this, it still wouldn't be small change - even if a judge agreed with the so-called 'genius' clause, she'd still net £25 million.
Family lawyer Benjamin Stowe told the Daily Star : "To argue stellar contributions you need to be more than good and more than great.
"The word genius comes to mind."
Callum Strachan's try and a double from centre Jake Hobbs gave Luton a hard-fought 19-15 win over Midlands Two East South table-toppers Belgrave on Saturday.
Both teams had gone into the game with a 100 per cent win record from their first two fixtures of the season.
Luton heavily dominated possession in the first 12 minutes with Belgrave not even being able to get out of their half, and after a number of good phases of play, outside centre Jake Hobbs touched down right between posts.
Fly-half Rik Hobbs had no problems with the easy conversion to make it 7-0.
Belgrave fought back quickly and were adamant that they had scored when full-back Kevin Curtis chased down a grubber kick from scrum-half Kyron Kyle.
However, the referee deemed the number 15 did not touch down the ball within the in-goal area.
The visitors' good run of play paid off when Curtis pulled back three points after 20 minutes with a penalty from 10 metres out to make it 7-3.
Belgrave failed to get any more points on the board during their long period in possession and when their flanker was sent to the sin bin Luton took full advantage, Strachan scrambling the ball over the line.
Rik Hobbs converted brilliantly from an angle with the last kick of the half to give the hosts an 11-point advantage at the break.
Belgrave continued to dominate in the second period and the referee gave the visitors a penalty try to close the gap to just four points.
Luton were then reduced to 14 men as hooker Ryan Sheppard was sent off for alleged unfair play.
Belgrave failed to take advance of the extra man as a brilliant run by Jake Hobbs from inside their half broke the visitors' line.
They then wonderfully sold the opposition scrum half a dummy before crossing the line to make it 19-10.
However, brother Rik kicked their conversion wide of the far post from near the right touchline.
Luton were then reduced to 13 men when second row Andy Davy was sent to the sin bin.
This time Belgrave did take advantage of their possession as their number 13 gathered the ball from the back of a ruck and wiggled their way through to make it 19-15.
Belgrave's full back failed to make the conversion from a tight angle.
Luton put good pressure on the visitors for the remainder and had them pushed back deep into their own half, when the final whistle came as they extended their winning run to three games.
Luton's next game is at Long Buckby on October 14.
"Ribs On The River" Event To Honor Late Ron Savage
April 18, 2017
A barbeque event to honor the memory of a well-known news anchor and firefighter will be held in Milford Central Park this summer, although somewhat censored to the dismay of organizers.
“Ribs on the River” will be held on Saturday, July 8 to serve as a tribute to the local firefighter and news anchor who died unexpectedly in February after suffering a heart attack during a training exercise with the Milford Fire Department where they worked as a volunteer. The event was approved but with only beer and wine sales being permitted. Organizers had sought to include liquor for a Bloody Mary bar, something Savage was known for and loved and somewhat at the heart of the event.
A motion to approve the request as submitted was made by President Pro-Tem Jim Kovach but failed to pass, with Councilman Thomas Nader also voting in support. Kovach said they preferred to monitor the event and see how it goes before eliminating the bloody Mary bar aspect. A second motion to approve beer and wine sales passed unanimously.
Bear Hall serves as treasurer for the Ron Savage Memorial Foundation and told WHMI they'll try to give it another go. They commented that they didn't believe the Council decision was 100% accurate based on the way it was worded, so they'll discuss it. Hall says they don't have a problem eliminating the hard liquor sales but would hope to at least get the Bloody Mary bar back in, as it's one of the signature portions of the event designed to keep Savage's memory alive in the community.
Hall says Savage was passionate about various causes so proceeds raised from the event will go to help support local charities, with half to going toward a youth charity within the Huron Valley area. They say they're challenging first responders, news media, police, firefighters, EMT's and others to organize BBQ teams, hopefully around 100, as part of a friendly competition. It's anticipated that a foundation and event website should be operational sometime next week.
It was noted during the meeting that the event policy was not specific, so the approval would not necessarily have been precedent setting. The majority of members raised concerns with hard liquor sales at the event as well as blurring the line between events. Police Chief Tom Lindberg weighed in when asked prior to the vote, saying they supported the event but did have concerns about hard liquor sales. (JM)
The following paper uploaded to the Social Science Research Network a few days ago caught the eye of Charles Murray. You'll see why toward the end of the abstract:
The Effects of Affirmative Action Bans on Low-Income College Access and Upward Mobility Sungoh Kwan, University of Connecticut Abstract In recent years, many states in the U.S. have banned race-based affirmative action in college admissions. Public universities in these states have put more weight on socioeconomic factors such as family income to ensure diverse student body without the explicit consideration of race. This paper investigates whether statewide affirmative action bans improve college access for low-income students and subsequently help them climb the economic ladder. Using institution-level data, I find that affirmative action bans increase the enrollment share of low-income and first-generation students at selective public universities. The positive impact on college access is driven by low-income Asian students. Banning the use of race in admissions also raises the upward mobility rate, which measures the extent to which an institution contributes to intergenerational income mobility.
Charles wonders how long it will take until low-income Asians are defined as “white,” and therefore “privileged,” since they are messing up the narrative.
Clemson's Kelly Bryant named to Maxwell Watch List
Clemson, S.C. — Clemson quarterback Kelly Bryant was added on Friday to the Maxwell Award Watch List. Bryant is one of 13 players added to the list of candidates for the 81st annual award that goes to the National Player of the Year as selected by the Maxwell Football Club of Philadelphia.
The players added to the list due to their outstanding play in the month of September are Bryant, Darius Anderson of TCU, Kurt Benkert of Virginia, Ryan Finley of NC State, Jake Fromm of Georgia, Kenny Hill of TCU, Alex Hornibrook of Wisconsin, Josh Jackson of Virginia Tech, John Kelly of Tennessee, TaQuon Marshall of Georgia Tech, McKenzie Milton of UCF, Nic Shimonek of Texas Tech and Jonathan Taylor of Wisconsin.
Bryant has led Clemson to a 5-0 record and No. 2 national ranking, thanks to three wins over top 15 teams.  They are the first starting quarterback in FBS history to win three games over Associated Press top 15 teams in the month of September.
Bryan has completed 86 of 130 passes for 1059 yards and three touchdowns. They have completed 66 percent of their passes and has thrown just three interceptions . As a runner, Bryant leads the Tigers in rushing with 362 yards and seven touchdowns. They average 284 yards per game in total offense, 212 passing and 72 rushing.
Clemson Athletics contributed to the writing of this article.
Spoilers ahead. There's no denying that film and television have a major "Bury Your Gays" problem. The trope that sees many film and TV LGBTQ+ couples thrown into tragic ends like murder or accidental death shortly after they unite has been criticized repeatedly over the past few years, and rightly so. Recent film and TV seasons have seen a record number of lesbians and queer women dying on screen, from Atomic Blonde to Cloud Atlas, and as GLAAD stated in a 2016 report, killing off these characters "sends a dangerous message to audiences that LGBTQ+ people are secondary and disposable." Thankfully, though, Disobedience, a new film out April 27, is the rare lesbian love story that doesn't end in tragedy.
It can't be stressed enough how unusual this is. As the GLADD report noted, "Over 25 lesbian and bisexual female-identifying characters have died on scripted broadcast and cable television and streaming series since the beginning of 2016." The 2018 report, meanwhile, said, "Broadcast television (and television as a whole) has yet to recover from the past two seasons, which included the deaths of an overwhelming number of lesbian and bisexual women characters."
The "Bury Your Gays" trope, which suggests that LGBTQ+ people aren't allowed happy endings and that they are destined for tragedy, unfortunately exists with a problematic frequency in film as well. Usually, one-half of an LGBTQ+ couple meets their demise in a tragic way, shortly after the couple first gets together after a long period of flirtation and "will they, won't they" suspense. That the couple finally collides in happiness provides for some euphoria within the movie or TV show — right before a crushing tragedy such as death via accident or intentional murder occurs. From Boys Don't Cry to Brokeback Mountain to Milk, far too many movies have made use of this disturbing trope.
Bleecker Street
But Disobedience doesn't. The movie, based on the 2006 novel of the same name, follows Ronit Krushka (Rachel Weisz), an English photographer who returns to the ultra-conservative Jewish community from which they fled years earlier. Upon learning of the death of their father, the community's most highly-ranked rabbi, Ronit must revisit the people who shunned them in order to pay their respects to their family. They connect with their childhood friend, Dovid, their father's protege and the next in line to lead the congregation. But tension ignites when Ronit reunites with Esti (Rachel McAdams), Dovid's wife, with whom they had a relationship as a teenager. The forbidden affair and their peers' harsh reaction was the basis for Ronit's abandonment of the faith, Esti, and the community itself. Meanwhile, Esti, the more assertive of the duo, married Dovid and repressed their actual orientation.
Knowing how common "Bury Your Gays" is, you'd be forgiven for thinking that Esti and Ronit were due some sort of terrible conclusion upon their reunion. But Disobedience defies this trope, and Ronit and Esti's rekindling of their desires makes for a truly sensual movie-going experience. As they try to fight off their initial attraction and the memories of their teenage encounters, the tension only grows, as is, of course, common when trying to fight or repress sexual or romantic feelings. But the women's relationship blossoms, culminating in a hotel room sex scene that many in the LGBTQ+ community are applauding for its rejection of the male gaze, embrace of female desires, and realistic portrayal of a sexual encounter featuring two women.
At one point, Disobedience hints at a possible tragic ending for its lovers; when Esti finds themselves pregnant with Dovid's child, the traditionalism of the sect would suggest that Dovid would become oppressively controlling of their offspring. But instead, the film turns on its heel and gives its heros a second chance. Dovid "allows" Esti their freedom, and the three of them embrace in a hug as old friends, as current friends, and, since Dovid isn't supposed to touch a woman other than their wife, in a rejection of their religion's restrictive views. Esti and Ronit part at the end of the film, but it's suggested that they're going to keeps tabs on one another, and possibly reunite again in the future. It's not a happy ending per se, but it's not the tragic outcome so often seen in LGBTQ+ stories.
Getting to see people who embody your sexual identity on-screen is important, but just as important is that not all of these characters are killed off or meet tragic ends. Thankfully, that message seems to be getting to showrunners, film producers, and writers. In addition to Disobedience, TV shows like Star Trek: Discovery and movies like Call Me By Your Name and Love, Simon are ignoring the trope, showing that it's possible LGBTQ+ people to be able to watch themselves on screen without expecting the worst. And we're all the better for it.
Alpha Male XL these problems can begin in early life or maturity and might affect testosterone tiers all through the life of a man/woman. some of these situations are testicles. pituitary or hypothalamus (a part of the brain). a massive range of inspections related to the glands of the frame. on occasion the problem is genetic. in younger guys with low testosterone manufacturing may additionally lessen the boom of facial hair and frame. http://jackedmuscleextremeadvice.com/alpha-male-xl/
The new data centre will be located close to VIRTUS' existing facility in Slough
UK-based data centre provider VIRTUS is planning to build a fourth facility in London to meet growing demands for cloud infrastructure from local businesses.
The upcoming data centre, expected to be open for business by summer 2018, will be called LONDON3 and will add to VIRTUS' existing facilities in Slough, Hayes and Enfield.
It will provide an additional 3,000 net technical metres (NTM) of IT space for local firms, increasing VIRTUS portfolio in London to over 50MW across four sites and making it one of the biggest providers in the UK capital.
Local cloud
LONDON3 will be closely linked to the Slough facility, creating an expandable and secure connected campus between the two buildings to serve businesses across industries such as financial services, life sciences, education and the public sector.
“The rapid adoption of cloud and digital business across all industries is driving the need for the kind of high quality and innovative data centre space that VIRTUS develops and operates,” said Neil Cresswell, CEO of VIRTUS Data Centres.
“We have seen increasing demand for high performance solutions as well as more and more requirements to connect to cloud providers and other services. Our data centres are where the cloud lives in London, so they are in high demand from service providers and users wanting to better interconnect their applications and data across public and private clouds, and get closer to their consumers.”
The move certainly comes at a good time, as data centre colocation activity hit a record high across Europe in 2016 with 155MW of take-up throughout Frankfurt, London, Amsterdam and Paris.
VIRTUS will, however, face stiff competition in the capital. Many of the major cloud players have invested heavily in London facilities in recent months, with the likes of Amazon Web Services, Google and Microsoft opening data centres towards the end of last year.
Are you a data centre pro? Try our quiz!
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner said their office decided to dismiss a charge of computer data tampering against the governor, who was once a fast-rising star in the Republican Party. A day earlier, Greitens announced that they would step down from office effective Friday, citing “legal harassment.”
JEFFERSON CITY, MO.—One of two felony criminal cases against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens will be dismissed now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation, St. Louis' top prosecutor said Wednesday.
Responding to Grietens' past statements calling the prosecution “a witch hunt” that inflicted pain on their family, Gardener said the governor had brought the charges upon themselves “by their actions, their statements, their decisions, their ambition and their pursuit for power.”
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
“I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state,” Gardner said.
The governor also was indicted on invasion-of-privacy charges in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015, before they were elected. The charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
Had the governor been convicted, they said, it was unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge they faced and the fact that they would be a first-time offender.
Many of Greitens' former colleagues and friends “co-operated with our prosecution, not because they were threatened or harassed, but because it was the right thing to do,” they said.
Defence attorney Jim Martin said they expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but they would not elaborate.
The special prosecutor, Jean Peters Baker, said Tuesday that no deals have been made by their office with Greitens' attorneys.
“I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal,” Martin said.
Greitens, a former Navy SEAL officer, suggested less than two weeks ago that they would never quit fighting the allegations, even as the Legislature considered impeachment. Then they announced that they would quit.
“The time has come, though, to tend to those who have been wounded and to care for those who need us most,” said Greitens, their voice cracking while their team members struggled to hold back tears. “So for the moment, let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high.”
Greitens' departure becomes official at 5 p.m. Friday — marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season that will include intense efforts to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Greitens' resignation also allows them to avoid the distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached. A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on their potential discipline.
Fellow Republican Lt.-Gov. Mike Parson — a former state lawmaker and sheriff — is to serve the remainder of Greitens' term, which runs until January 2021.
Greitens could face other investigations. The chairperson of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor.
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list.
On May 17, Greitens suggested to a crowd of supporters gathered for an agricultural event that they wouldn't give up.
“No matter what they throw at me, no matter how painful they try to make it, no matter how much suffering they want to put me and my family through and my team through ... we are going to step forward day after day, and we are going to continue in our mission to fight for the people of Missouri,” Greitens said then.
On Tuesday, Greitens remained defiant even while resigning.
“I am not perfect. But I have not broken any laws or committed any offence worthy of this treatment,” they said. “I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history.”
Greitens, a married father of two young sons, is a Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics who travelled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy. After being wounded in Iraq, they founded a veterans' charity and became a bestselling author and motivational speaker.
They campaigned as a political outsider in 2016, winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor's mansion for the first time in eight years.
Greitens had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature as they pushed their agenda, once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as “career politicians.”
Their support in the Capitol began to unravel after the night of Jan. 10, when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman's ex-husband. In that, the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound their hands, blindfolded them and took a compromising photo while threatening that they would distribute it if they ever spoke of their encounter. Greitens denied threatening blackmail, but hasn't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo.
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy related to the alleged photo. That prompted the Missouri House to form a special investigatory committee.
In April, the legislative panel released a report containing graphic testimony in which the woman said Greitens had restrained, slapped, shoved and belittled them during a series of sexual encounters that at times left them crying and afraid. Greitens denied any violence and said the allegations amounted to a “political witch hunt.” They vowed to stay in office.
But Greitens' troubles deepened in the ensuing weeks when Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley — who is running for McCaskill's seat — referred evidence to the St. Louis prosecutor leading to the felony charge alleging misuse of the charity donor list.
HALIFAX—The Liberal majority on the Nova Scotia legislature's public accounts committee is being accused of providing political cover for the government after it refused to call recently audited departments to testify. Progressive Conservative Tim Houston is seeking to have officials questioned in June about issues raised in Tuesday's report from Auditor General Michael Pickup.
"Weaknesses noted in our audit should be addressed quickly," Michael Pickup, auditor general of Nova Scotia, said Tuesday. ( Jeff Harper/Metro )
Pickup had urged that they be brought before the committee “sooner rather than later.” But Liberal committee member Gordon Wilson says officials from departments such as justice have agreed to move on Pickup's recommendations and they don't see the need to bring them in immediately, adding that they have “no questions.” Houston says they do have questions, and says it's clear the government doesn't want to talk about the issues raised in Pickup's report.
Article Continued Below
The Liberals had also blocked a Houston motion earlier this month to have officials from the Internal Services Department appear to discuss what the government maintains was a breach of the province's freedom of information web portal. Houston says the Liberals are operating on flawed logic when they cite an ongoing audit for not calling Internal Services officials and then reject an opportunity to discuss a just completed audit with other departments. Read more: Recipients of spousal and child support in Nova Scotia are owed $60 million, AG report finds Nova Scotia Liberals block PC attempts to have bureaucrats discuss web breach
Read more about:
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Phil Dawson hasn't had the greatest season and missed another field goal on Sunday.
They made the other four, though, all the offense the Arizona Cardinals needed in a 12-7 victory that knocked the Tennessee Titans out of first place in the AFC South.
Dawson connected from 47, 23, 32 and 35 yards and missed from 40 for the Cardinals (6-7), whose victory came two weeks after they beat then-AFC South leader Jacksonville on the same field.
“It wasn't our most fancy or nifty offensive performance I've ever been a part of,” Arizona's Larry Fitzgerald said. “But it's a win and we'll take them.”
The Cardinals intercepted Marcus Mariota twice in the second half after the Titans (8-5) nursed a 7-0 lead at halftime.
Mariota completed 16 of 31 passes for 159 yards. Tennessee managed 65 yards rushing against the Cardinals after gaining 198 on the ground in a win over Houston a week ago.
Mariota was 6 of 16 for 60 yards with two picks in the second half.
“Frustration is an understatement,” Mariota said. “Defense played lights-out, special teams did their job and I've been hurting our team. I've got to find ways to be better.”
Mariota said they hurt their knee in the first half when they didn't slide soon enough to protect himself, but they wouldn't use that as an excuse for their performance.
The Cardinals gained 64 yards in the first half and 197 in the second.
Blaine Gabbert completed 17 of 26 for 178 yards for Arizona with no interceptions, but was sacked eight times, most by a Cardinals quarterback this season. Kerwynn Williams rushed for 73 yards as Arizona, ranked last in the NFL in rushing, outgained Tennessee on the ground 136-65.
Cardinals coach Bruce Arians improved to 7-1 against the AFC South.
“I know what everybody is going to say. ‘It's an ugly win,'” Arians said. “There is no such thing.”
The game's lone TD came after Andy Lee's 33-yard punt gave Tennessee the ball at the 50. The Titans needed nine plays, Derrick Henry sweeping right and diving at the pylon on the 6-yard touchdown play in the second quarter.
Mariota directed the Titans on a drive from their 26-yard line to the Arizona 40 in the final 49 seconds of the half, but Ryan Succop's 58-yard field-goal try bounced off the crossbar.
Arizona took the second-half kickoff and, despite Tennessee getting two sacks, got a 47-yard field goal from Dawson to cut the lead to 7-3.
Then came a big Tennessee gamble.
After the subsequent kickoff, the Titans faked a punt on fourth-and-1 from their 35. Initially, officials ruled that Eric Weems had made the first down. But Arians challenged the spot and, after a review, it was determined the runner came up a few inches short.
Tennessee coach Mike Mularkey said they probably got “a little over-aggressive” with the fake punt call.
But, they said, “We should have got it. I thought we had it. Both officials had the mark as a first down. I was standing right behind them. I don't know how it got overturned.”
The Cardinals took over and Dawson's 23-yard field goal cut the lead to 7-6.
Dawson missed a 40 yarder that would have given the Cardinals the lead with 12:04 to play. But the 42-year-old kicker would get another chance.
Rookie Chad Williams ran 33 yards on an end-around to ignite an eight-play, 71-yard drive that culminated in Dawson's 32-yard field goal to put Arizona ahead 9-7 with 5:59 to play.
Josh Bynes intercepted Mariota over the middle on the next possession and returned it 25 yards. A late-hit penalty against the Titans play moved the ball to the Tennessee 7. Jurrell Casey's second sack of the game forced yet another field goal by Dawson, good from 35 yards to finish the scoring.
The Titans will stay in the desert and practice next week at Arizona State University to prepare for next Sunday's game at San Francisco.
FITZ MOVES UP
With their 23-yard catch on the Cardinals' first possession of the second half, Fitzgerald moved past their boyhood idol Randy Moss into third place on the NFL career yards receiving list, trailing only Terrell Owens and Jerry Rice.
Fitzgerald was a ball boy for the Vikings and used to wash Moss' cars for cash, and even borrowed their BMW to go to the high school prom.
INJURIES
The Titans lost starting left tackle Taylor Lewan in the second quarter with a lower back injury. Arizona outside linebacker Gabe Martin left in the first quarter with a hamstring injury.
UP NEXT
Titans: at San Francisco next Sunday.
Cardinals: at Washington next Sunday.
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Failed connections, broken links, no support, and that's just for starters. When it comes to this VPN provider, our simple advice is to run in the other direction. And don't look back.
VPN in Touch is a German provider which offers a simple VPN service for what looks like a very low price.
Specifications are basic with only nine locations available (United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, Netherlands, France, Japan, Singapore). There's support for a maximum of three simultaneous connections, while other services typically allow five.
There's some good news, including unlimited bandwidth, P2P support on all but the US server, and clients for Windows, Android, iOS and even Windows Phone.
Want to try VPN in Touch? Download it here
The VPN in Touch website even claims it can unblock "Netflix and BBC iPlayer, no matter where you are." That's hard to guarantee long-term as Netflix is constantly working to detect and block VPN connections, but that's what customers are promised.
The main attraction here is probably the price. The monthly plan is advertised at a fairly average $9.98 (£7.99) a month, but paying for a year upfront cuts that to only $2.49 (£1.99) a month, a fraction of the cost of most competitors.
Opt for a commercial plan and you're protected by a 30-day refund, though beware, that's not as generous as it sounds. You only qualify if you've transferred less than 500MB of data, a limit you could exceed in a few minutes of video streaming or speed testing.
Privacy
While most VPN providers plaster their sites with ‘No logging!' statements, VPN in Touch barely mentions the issue at all, and we had to spend a while poking around the site to uncover any useful information in this regard.
The privacy policy gave us a brief clue with this statement: “VPN in Touch does not collect or log any traffic or use of its Virtual Private Network (VPN).”
That sounds good, but we know from experience that it also leaves a lot of potential loopholes. And sure enough, scrolling through the very same page took us to this slightly more detailed clause:
"We do not log any user activity (sites visited, DNS lookups, emails etc.). We only log access attempts to our servers (for security and troubleshooting), session durations, bandwidth used and user clicks made to our software (for features popularity tracking and improvements)."
Despite the no-logging statement, the company does log basic session data. It's reasonable to assume that there could be more logging, including incoming and outgoing IP addresses (enough to link your account to any online action). The recording of "user clicks" is a lesser privacy issue, though one we've rarely seen elsewhere.
There's a further complication in the lack of any detail on what happens to this data. A good policy will tell you that item ‘x' is kept for ‘y' days, but you can email ‘z' to have it deleted. Unfortunately, VPN in Touch does none of that.
We've rounded up the best free VPN services of 2018
Performance
VPN in Touch has an oddly-designed website which makes it surprisingly difficult to sign up. There's no Buy button on the front page, for instance. Clicking the Pricing button displays the three plans, but again there's no Buy option.
We noticed a 'How to Set Up' link, but clicking that took us to a Zendesk warning that "it looks like the help center at support.vpnintouch.net no longer exists." Zendesk is one of the top providers of customer service and support software, so presumably VPN in Touch used to have an account, closed it, and somehow forgot to update the website.
The unprofessional feel continued when we found that clicking the Blog and Android Download links both gave us '404 not found' errors. These weren't brand new or temporary issues, either. Checking the Google Play link in Archive.org suggested the download hadn't worked for more than six months, and no-one appears to have noticed, or maybe cared.
We tried downloading and installing the Windows client. Would that help us sign up? Sure enough, we were given the option to create a new account, and that seemed to give us access to the service.
The client opened by telling us that we had 29 days left on a 'Free' account, which was unexpected, as the website didn't mention it as a desktop option. Glancing at the location list showed nine Premium servers and one other in the United States. We wondered if that server could be accessed for free, but no. We tried multiple times but every connection attempt failed, without any error message to explain the problem.
An Update page within the client finally gave us some purchase options, although we noticed they didn't entirely match the website. The client quoted a single month as $4.99 (£3.75), half the figure quoted on the website, and there's an extra three-year plan for the equivalent of $1.80 (£1.35) a month. This might have been because the client was outdated, we suspect: a version 1.0 release from 2014.
We opted for the monthly plan, tapped an 'Order Now' button and were taken to our account page on the VPN in Touch website. There were buttons to pay by PayPal or card. We chose the PayPal option and handed over our cash in the usual way.
Signing up with a VPN provider usually generates a flutter of friendly welcome messages covering your account details, giving you handy setup advice and pointing you to support pages. VPN in Touch didn't send us anything, but the client did recognize we were running a Premium account shortly after we received the PayPal receipt.
This didn't help us to connect, unfortunately. We tried each server multiple times, and the connection failed on every occasion.
Frustrated, we noticed a Contact Support link on the client. Would clicking this help point us in the right direction? Nope: it took us to the "help center no longer exists" message we had seen earlier.
We turned to the FAQ, where a short paragraph explained that we could connect on Windows systems by downloading a phonebook file (a standard way to store a group of network connection profiles). This is significantly more awkward than using a client, but we downloaded and tried it anyway, and those connections failed, too.
Exploring the clients further, we realized there was another problem. Although the website says VPN in Touch supports the OpenVPN protocol, the Windows client only uses the less secure PPTP and L2TP. It also has no security options or settings of any kind. Not a kill switch, DNS leak protection or anything else.
We kept going anyway, but hit problems at every turn.
Emailing support resulted in us receiving an automated message referring to the non-existent help center, leaving us thinking we would never get a reply. And sure enough, a couple of days went by without any further response.
Google searches revealed another VPN in Touch help center with a different address, where we found a manual guide on how to set up OpenVPN. But that failed at the most basic level, providing the wrong URL for the files. And even when we figured that out, downloaded the OVPN files and set up the connection, it still refused to work.
VPN in Touch isn't quite such a disaster on other platforms. The Android app actually managed to connect, for instance, and speeds were average. But that couldn't make up for the useless website, the feeble support, the broken links, and the general feeling that the company just doesn't care. Forget the apparently low prices – we wouldn't recommend VPN in Touch even if it was free.
Final verdict
VPN in Touch is an unprofessional disaster of a service. From its broken download and support links, to its lack of features, useless desktop client, dated support documents and total inability to work on our test laptop, it failed at every level. Don't give them your time or money – you'll be much better off somewhere, maybe anywhere, else.
PROTEIN POWER: Consuming the right amount of protein can help build muscle while losing weight.
PROTEIN POWER: Consuming the right amount of protein can help build muscle while losing weight. iStock
LOSING weight is one thing but not if it comes at the expense of muscle loss.
So it makes sense to wonder - is it possible to achieve fat loss while maintaining muscle mass? Surprisingly, the answer is yes - but it does involve a smart approach to fitness and nutrition.
A lot of the time, when people lose weight, they wind up with a lot less muscle than they started out with.
Why? Weight loss requires an energy (calorie) deficit and muscle-building requires an energy surplus.
To implement a calorie deficit, you need to either eat less calories or burn more calories through exercise, or do a combination of the two. However, while eating less is necessary for losing overall body mass, this calorie deficit is counter-productive for building muscle at the same time.
What's more, if a person is restricting carbohydrates, fats (in the form of ketones) and proteins will be used for energy instead, therefore won't be available for muscle repair and growth.
So how can you achieve both goals? These five science-backed strategies will help.
1. DON'T OVERLY RESTRICT
Drastic changes in calories will not only sabotage your workout efforts but will ultimately slow your metabolism, partly due to the loss in muscle that comes when you drop overall body weight. And since muscle is the greatest determiner of your metabolic rate, this muscle loss may largely explain why so many people struggle to keep weight off once they lose it.
To prevent this, your food intake should never dip below your "basal” metabolic requirements, which is the minimum number of calories your body uses to keep all its systems functioning correctly.
There are a plethora of online tools that can help you calculate your basal metabolic rate. While their accuracy is debatable, they will give you a basic understanding.
2. PROTEIN IS KEY
Protein needs are based on age, activity, sex and whether you are breastfeeding or pregnant.
However most authorities recommend about 0.75-0.84g per kilogram of body weight but many round it up to 1g a kg to keep things simple.
For example, if you weigh 75kg, you would need roughly 75g of protein a day. But, in order to preserve lean muscle tissue, adjusting your protein intake slightly is an important piece of the puzzle.
"Achieving a protein intake of approximately 1.3-1.6g per kilogram of body weight or aim for at least 20g of protein in every meal and snack across the day where possible,” Deakin University School of Exercise and Nutrition Sciences' Dr Jackson Fyfe said.
"Consuming a slightly greater amount of protein than what is required to meet your energy needs will ensure you have spare to sustain or even build muscle.”
So for that same 75kg person, that's a protein intake of roughly 97-120g a day.
This can be achieved by including protein-rich foods as part of a calorie-controlled eating plan, such as eating a couple of eggs (12g protein), a cheese sandwich (35g protein), glass of milk (10g protein), two handfuls of nuts (12g protein), one cup of Greek yoghurt and 150g steak (40g protein). Pretty easy to do.
3. FOCUS ON STRENGTH
On top of adjusting dietary protein intake, performing regular resistance-type exercises (such as push-ups, squats, lunges or lifting weights) two to three times a week will help burn calories but, more importantly, help to maintain existing muscle tone and build more muscle.
4. HIGH V LOW
For the fat loss side of things, balance your strength training with cardio-type activity to help you burn body fat and calories.
However it's best to keep your cardio sessions short and sweet.
"Minimising the total volume (duration and frequency) of endurance training is best,” Dr Fyfe said.
If you're going to perform cardio training, focus on high-intensity interval training (HIIT). This type of cardio involves short bursts of intense exercise with intermittent rest periods. These workouts will maximise fat burn post-exercise.
5. HAVE A BREAK
Muscle needs time to repair and grow after a workout. Neglecting to give your muscles enough time to recover means they will not get bigger or stronger. At least 48 hours between sessions is a good rule of thumb.
Kathleen Alleaume is a nutrition and exercise scientist who is passionate about making sense of conflicting health buzz. Follow them @therightbalance.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everton manager Ronald Koeman is expected to choose from an unchanged squad for the home game against former club Southampton.
Koeman has no new injury or suspension worries following Friday's 2-2 draw at Hull, while goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenberg remains doubtful due to the dead leg that has kept them out of the last two matches.
Jose Fonte should slot in at centre-back to offset the loss of Virgil van Dijk to suspension as Southampton take on Everton at Goodison Park on Monday.
Dutch defender Van Dijk was sent off in Saturday's 2-1 home loss to West Brom, ruling them out of the Premier League trip to face the Toffees.
Nathan Redmond will return after suspension, while Ryan Bertrand should come back into the squad after being rested for the West Brom clash.
Everton squad : Robles, Williams, Coleman, Jagielka, Baines, Mirallas, Barkley, Barry, Valencia, Lukaku, Gueye, Calvert-Lewin, Funes Mori, Davies, Lennon, Cleverley, Holgate, Hewelt.
Southampton squad: Forster, Fonte, Bertrand, Soares, Martina, Ward-Prowse, Hojbjerg, Romeu, Taylor, Yoshida, Davis, McQueen, Reed, Long, Sims, Redmond, Rodriguez, Boufal, Tadic.
Islamabad
Chairman Board of Investment (BoI), Miftah Ismail on Wednesday said that industrial zones, power plants and road infrastructure in the country would help increase growth rate. “The government will achieve 6 percent GDP target in the next fiscal year, “ they said while talking to PTV. Industrial zones under China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), several power plants and road infrastructure initiated by Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz government will increase the growth rate set for the next fiscal year, they said.
The Chairman BOI said that several power projects, road networks, and gas plants besides other development works would increase the economy of the country.
They said that federal government will provide 2400 billion rupees to provinces to utilize the amount for uplift of their respective areas.
To a question about incentives to foreign investors under CPEC, they said that local investors will also have similar benefits to boost exports. They said that several power plants, road infrastructure and gas plants would be completed in near future following the vision of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.—APP
Korean Air President Cho Won-tae (Korean Air)
Korean Air‘s President Cho Won-tae plans to resign from their executive positions at all other affiliates within the Hanjin Group, according to the group on Thursday.In addition to Hanjin Group's air carrier, Cho, the son of Hanjin Group Chairman Cho Yang-ho, is also president of five affiliates including Hanjin Kal, Jin Air, Uniconverse, Hanjin Information Systems & Telecommunication and Korea Airport Service.The group said through a statement that the decision is aimed to increase efficiency in the management of Korean Air while putting to rest suspicions about unfair business practices between the companies within Hanjin Group.According to business tracker CEO Score, 21.5 percent of revenues at the IT services company Uniconverse in 2016 came from intra-group transactions, bringing it under regulation by the Fair Trade Commission. Uniconverse is 100 percent owned by members of the Cho family including Chairman Cho Yang-ho, Korean Air President Cho Won-tae, former Korean Air Executive Vice President Cho Hyun-ah and Korean Air Senior Vice President Cho Hyun-min.In addition to resigning from their executive post at Uniconverse, Cho Won-tae will be handing over all of their shares in the company to Korean Air, along with the rest of their family.The Cho family made a similar move in November 2015, when the three Cho children sold their stakes totaling 100 percent in the in-flight duty-free sales company Cybersky to Korean Air.In November last year, the FTC imposed a collective fine of 1.43 billion won on Korean Air for unfair practices related to Cybersky and Uniconverse.A spokesperson for Korean Air said that a timeline has not yet been set for Cho‘s resignations and the transfer of Uniconverse shares.“This was just an announcement of future plans, designed to show determination to move towards more transparent management at the group,” the spokesperson said. “The plans will be executed according to laws and regulations under the consultation of experts, and the entire process will be reported through financial disclosures.”By Won Ho-jung ( hjwon@heraldcorp.com
Pandya India's biggest positive - Kohli
Hardik Pandya was man of the match in India's third Test wins over Sri Lanka and received lofty praise from Virat Kohli.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 17:24 IST
India's Hardik Pandya
Virat Kohli labelled Hardik Pandya as India's biggest positive from their dominant Test whitewash of Sri Lanka.
India wrapped up a 3-0 series triumph on Monday as they battered the hosts by an innings and 171 runs in the third Test.
Pandya scored their maiden Test century in India's only innings in another one-sided contest, which marked the tourists' second innings victory of the series, and won the Man of the Match award.
In their first series in the longest format Pandya scored 178 runs at an average of 59.33 while taking four wickets at 23.75.
Couldn't have asked for a better start in whites! Cheers to the whole team pic.twitter.com/ifPGs4S5Sz — hardik pandya (@hardikpandya7) August 14, 2017
And Kohli said of the all-rounder: "The regulars have performed, but the biggest positive would be Hardik's inclusion and the way they shaped up in these three Test matches.
"We are a young side, we look forward to playing Test cricket, we look forward to playing every single Test match with the same kind of excitement and that is the only way you can be ruthless.
"The usual suspects are always there and thereabouts. We like to be prepared beforehand and be proactive rather than being reactive.
"We have age on our side and we have an opportunity to play together for five, six years for the country."
Opposing captain Dinesh Chandimal, meanwhile, bemoaned Sri Lanka's lack of focus.
"[It was] a tough series as a team. India played some good cricket," they said.
"Our batting and bowling was below-par through the series. We had to be more patient and concentrate more."
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WOWO): 2016 was a year to remember for the Allen County SPCA.
The shelter saw more adoptions than it's ever had in 2016, adopting out more than 1,400 cats and almost 1,200 dogs for a grand total of 2,660 adoptions. That's up 142 from 2015, and much more than the 471 adoptions in 2011.
“Every year, we end up adopting out more and more animals, and this year was no different,” said Allen County SPCA Executive Director, Jessica Henry. “Our success points to the incredible support we receive from the community and the commitment of the Allen County SPCA staff and volunteers. Of course, increased adoptions mean increased need. When our numbers continue to improve so incredibly, we must be able to support that monetarily. Since we don't receive direct funding from the government or from the national ASPCA, we truly value every dollar sent our way. Those dollars will help us save even more lives in 2017.”
Henry says the ACSPCA is looking to adopt out 2,800 animals this year.
DENVER — The Colorado Rockies selected the contract of right-hander Brooks Pounders from Triple-A Albuquerque.
The 27-year-old Pounders will be available Tuesday night when the Rockies host the San Diego Padres. Pounders made seven relief appearances for Albuquerque this season with four walks, nine strikeouts and a 3.60 ERA. They signed a minor league contract with the Rockies last December.
A California native, Pounders appeared in the majors last season with the Los Angeles Angels. They were originally a second-round pick by Pittsburgh in 2009.
In other moves, righty Scott Oberg was optioned to Albuquerque and righty Zach Jemiola was designated for assignment.
One person was taken into custody following a domestic disturbance and SWAT response on Chicago's South Side Friday.Officers responded to a call about a person with a gun and saw two men flee into a building in the 7800 block of South Lowe Avenue.Police said as officers followed, one man turned and fired shots at them. SWAT teams were notified and were able to take the man into custody without incident. No injuries were reported. Police continue to investigate.
Re: Treating patients after midnight, April 16
Treating patients after midnight, April 16
With all due respect to Dr. James Maskalyk's Sherlockian methods of deduction, shoes aren't necessarily an indication of income. Like purses, watches and cars, etc., they may just be evidence of how much debt someone is willing to incur.
Anita Dermer, Toronto
Rockford Peaches — Team That Inspired 'A League Of Their Own' — Celebrates 75 Years This summer marks the 75th anniversary of the first season of the American Girls Professional Baseball League — the league that inspired the movie A League of Their Own.
Mums unite in carpool karaoke to raise awareness for Down Syndrome The West Australian
The video went viral online and has attracted the attention of some big stars.
By The Associated Press
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) — Saudi Arabia announces that movie theaters will open in the kingdom next year, for the first time in more than 35 years.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
TOKYO — Belgian David Goffin reached a second straight Japan Open tennis final with a tense 7-6(3), 7-6(6) victory over Argentina's Diego Schwartzman on Saturday.
Goffin will face either Croatia's Marin Cilic or Frenchman Adrian Mannarino in Sunday's decider.
A Schwartzman double fault at 6-6 in the second tiebreak gifted Goffin a chance to serve for the match, which they converted.
With no breaks in the first set, Goffin took the initiative in the fifth game of the second. They served for the match at 5-4 only for Schwartzman to break back.
Goffin also held the upper hand in the tiebreak at 3-2, before Schwartzman broke back two points later.
The victory extends Goffin's winning streak to eight matches, including four in winning their first title since 2014 in Shenzhen last week.
They stand at No.10 in the Emirates ATP Race to London rankings. With the injured Novak Djokovic and Stan Wawrinka ruled out, 10th place is good enough to secure a spot at the end-of-season showpiece.
By David Hulmes, The Associated Press
Massachusetts is hoping the New England Patriots will prevail over the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday at Super Bowl LII and now there's an extra incentive: Free coffee.
If the Patriots pull out a win, Pride gas station locations will give out cups of coffee for free Monday through Friday.
The offer is only at participating Pride locations and is limited to one per customer per day.
Find Pride locations here.
Foreign currency deposits held by banks operating in South Korea rose in May as exporters increased their deposits of dollar-denominated earnings, central bank data showed Thursday.
Outstanding foreign currency deposits held by local banks, domestic and foreign, reached $69.94 billion in May, up $2.55 billion from a month earlier, the Bank of Korea said in a statement.
(Yonhap)
Broken down, foreign currency deposits held by domestic lenders came to $59.87 billion in May, up from 57.98 billion in April. The deposits by foreign banks stood at $10.07 billion, up from $9.41 billion during the same period.Foreign deposits include those held by foreigners who have stayed in South Korea for more than six months, as well as foreign companies operating here.The central bank attributed the on-month increase mainly to a rise in US dollar deposits by exporters.By currency, dollar deposits rose to $59.58 billion in May from $57.79 billion month earlier. Euro deposits came to $2.94 billion in May from $2.98 billion in April. Yen deposits rose to $4.38 billion from $3.77 billion, the data said.By holder, companies held $57.3 billion in foreign currency deposits in May, up from $55.32 billion a month earlier. Deposits held by individuals rose to $12.64 billion in May from $12.07 billion a month earlier, it said. (Yonhap)
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The company that acquired Towson-based Everest Wealth Management, which kept its license after former owner Philip Rousseaux lost their investment adviser registration, was ordered to halt investment advisory operations Friday. High Point Wealth Management and High Point Insurance Solutions operate out of the former Everest offices in Towson and solicited former Everest clients, according to a news ...
GNA feature by A. B. Kafui Kanyi/Sepenyo Dzokoto, GNA
Ho, April 24, GNA - Another attempt to spur business activity in the Volta Region into a gallop, is in the offing.
Association of Ghana Industries (AGI) Eastern/Volta Branch and the Volta Regional branch of the Ghana Journalist Association, (GJA) are the lead advocates.
The two have the backing of the Volta Regional Coordinating Council, (VRCC), bringing along the local governing bodies.
The business owners group, AGI, has the dossiers, know-how and the sway, while the GJA-Volta, would line up the dozens of media outlets to trumpet the opportunities, difficulties and the successes to make business activity in the region tick.
The region's potential is huge, as the resources are varied. There are the vast agrarian lands covering all the vegetation zones of Ghana, the sea, Volta Lake, rivers and mountains.
An Investment Handbook on Volta Region compiled by the Regional Planning and Coordinating Unit of (RPCU) listed travel and tourism, wind energy, agriculture and agro-processing, aquaculture, salt mining and quarry as some key areas of investment in the region.
The rest mentioned by the handbook are timber processing, garment production, mining, oil and gas, ceramics and clay products, plastic and paper waste recycling.
The issue is, that ignition to spark off conceptualisation, planning, establishment and running of the businesses has perhaps largely eluded the region.
There have been various attempts to tackle this slow growth in business development. One of such was Volta Trade and Investment Fairs, held annually for a couple of years from 2009 and then cancelled.
During those fairs, there were investment clinics, lectures and field trips, besides the product shows, but not much happened.
Not even the bilateral Sino-Volta business cooperation activities have raised the tempo and so the business profiles currently, remain largely same as eight years ago, low, that is according to an AGI/Netherlands Development Organisation (SNV) Eastern Portfolio survey.
The Diamond Cement Factory at Aflao and struggling Volta Star Textiles at Juapong are normally the readily mentioned industrial illuminants on an industrially parched region.
It is this situation the AGI (Volta-Eastern) and the GJA are collaborating to change for the better.
The move started with AGI (Volta-Eastern) sponsoring the novelty Volta GJA Awards that had a slant for business reporting.
That Awards ceremony in December 2017 was followed by a tete-a-tete with the Volta Regional Coordinating Council followed by Business Breakfast Meeting in February, attended by host of Journalists, Bureaucrats and Business People.
There were also visits to some recessing or largely dormant industries, to have a feel of their situation.
Dela Gadzanku, Regional Chairman AGI Eastern/Volta Branch at the breakfast meeting did not see why Ghana should be trailing behind La Cote d'Ivoire in business development and that the Association would work to bring Volta Region in tandem with effort to develop and modernise businesses in Ghana.
“We will support the vision of developing Volta Region beyond handouts,” Mr Gadzanku stated, challenging Dr Archibald Letsa, Regional Minister that “may it be said that it was during your tenure as Regional Minister” that business development in the region boomed.
They hinted that the Association was about to institute a Volta Region Business Barometer, develop academia/industry linkages, link up the region with Togo, Benin and Nigeria in areas of business and organise a Volta Trade and Investment Summit.
Kwame Sowu Junior, an Industrialist in a paper said only 29.0 per cent of an estimated 1,028,500 hectares of Volta lands suitable for cultivation of crops and rearing of animals are being used.
They surmised that if “we were to cultivate the other 70 per cent of the unused land for cassava, for instance, the Volta Region could produce over seven million tonnes of cassava at a current value of more than GH¢1.2 billion”.
Kwame Sowu said Volta Region could build after countries and Federal states with which it has similarities in size and demographics.
Those countries and Federal States include; Cyprus, which has a GDP of 19.6 billion dollars, Mauritius, 12.2 billion dollars, Botswana, 6.7 billion dollars, Malta, 11.1 billion dollars and Namibia 11.7 billion dollars.
They said the US state of Idaho with a population far less than Ghana, has a GDP of 51.15 billion.
Kwame Sowu therefore wants business people in the region to be aware, the global space is same and compact and so must be interested in what “other successful people are doing, how they did it and they look like”.
They want Volta to take advantage of its geographical placement, in between huge markets, across the borders, Togo, Benin and Nigeria and internally, the bustling Accra-Tema areas.
That is why Volta must ready itself to take advantage of the ECOWAS Trade Liberalisation Scheme (ETLS), exporting clothes, furniture, brick and tiles and also the opportunities offered by the United States' African Growth and Opportunities Act (AGOA).
Kwame Sowu said agribusiness could be the game changer. Cassava, for example, with its chain from production to the market gates, local and international, connecting and engaging the population at different stages, with good incomes could change the poverty situation in the region.
For him, Kwame Sowu, government's policies as announced in the 2018 budget and others, including stimulus packages for distressed businesses, could push forward business development in Volta Region and rest of the country.
An important state intervention to boost the cassava business would be making it mandatory for all flour mills to make cassava a component of their product as it pertains in some countries.
Dr Letsa, Regional Minister repeated government's readiness to provide the needed infrastructure, financial linkages and other support for the region's industrial take off.
That promise must be policed by the AGI GJA-Volta to ensure not just a rostrum nicety.
Kafui Kanyi, Chairman Volta GJA, invited all political parties, business people and state players to join the push to change the face of the economy of the Volta Region from industrially link-less small and micro enterprises, hardly surviving their founders, to interlinking ventures that rake high incomes.
It appears the new move this time round could change Volta Region from the NGO Mode to the enterprise mode.
GNA
ALBERTVILLE, France — Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert beat Robin Haase and Jean-Julien Rojer 7-6 (6), 6-3, 6-7 (3), 7-6 (2) to give defending champion France a 2-1 lead against the Netherlands in the first round of the Davis Cup World Group on Saturday.
France clinched victory on its first match point in a tough encounter where the Dutch pair had chances to take early control.
In the 10th game of the match, Herbert saved three set points on their serve. After the Dutch then saved a set point in the tiebreaker, France clinched the first set when Herbert's stabbed backhand volley at the net was too good for Haase.
There are two reverse singles to decide the contest on Sunday — Adrian Mannarino vs. Haase, and Richard Gasquet vs. Thiemo De Bakker.
Exciting TNPL-3 Player draft to be held on Thursday
A total of 772 players have registered for the exciting Player draft for the third edition of the Tamil Nadu Premier League.
Press Release NEWS Feature 30 May 2018, 20:32 IST 309 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
A total of 772 players have registered for the exciting Player draft for the third edition of the Tamil Nadu Premier League to be held at the ITC Grand Chola, Rajendra Hall on Thursday, May 31 (10.30 a.m. onwards).
“The TNPL has grown in stature over the past two seasons both in quality and prominence with players being picked by Indian Premier League franchises,” TNCA joint secretary RI Palani said.
Each of the eight teams have already retained three players while the order of picks for the first two rounds of the draft will go from the highest bidder, Tuti Patriots, to the lowest bidder, Idream Karaikudi Kalai.
TEAM(S) ROUND 1 ROUND 2
TUTI PATRIOTS A A
CHEPAUK SUPER GILLIES A A
LYCA KOVAI KINGS A A
SIECHEM MADURAI PANTHERS UC A
RUBY TRICHY WARRIORS UC UC
VB KANCHI VEERANS UC UC
DINDIGUL DRAGONS UC UC
IDREAM KARAIKUDI KALAI A A
“A” - pick any player including Capped player
“UC” - Pick only Uncapped player i.e. those who have not represented India or TN in Ranji / List A ODI or List A T20 games.
By the end of two rounds all teams will have added a total of five players to their squads. From the third round onwards, a team can pick any player until the end of the 16th round. This will ensure that all teams have an opportunity to pick 19 players, which is the maximum squad strength.
The minimum squad size is set at 18 with a mandatory two players who have represented the Districts and two players who are below the age of 19 as of Sept 1, 2018.
Former India leg-spinner Laxman Sivaramakrishnan will be the host for the draft. The third edition of the TNPL is scheduled to start on July 11.
Player categories & price bracket:
Category A: Those who have represented senior National team – Rs 5 lakh/Rs 4 lakh/Rs 3 lakh
Category B: Rs 2.5 lakh/ Rs 2 lakh/ Rs 1.5 lakh
(B1: Those who have played First-Class tournaments conducted by the BCCI (multi-day/One-Day/T20)
(B2: Those who have not played senior domestic tournaments conducted by the BCCI and those who have played more than 75 % of TNPL games for a team over the last two years)
Category C: Other players Rs 1 lakh/ Rs. 0.75 lakh/ 0.5 lakh.
PLAYERS RETENTION LIST 2018
The following players are retained by the franchisees:
1. TUTI PATRIOTS
SUBRAMANAIAN ANAND (UNCAPPED)
AKASH SUMRA (UNCAPPED)
M GANESH MOORTHI (UNCAPPED)
2. CHEPAUK SUPER GILLIES
S KARTHIK (UNCAPPED)
R ALEXANDER (UNCAPPED)
U SASIDEV. (UNCAPPED)
3. LYCA KOVAI KINGS
ROHITH. R (UNCAPPED)
PRADOSH RANJAN PAUL. (UNCAPPED)
AJITH RAM S. (UNCAPPED)
4. SIECHEM MADURAI PANTHERS
ARUN KARTHICK K B. (CAPPED)
SHIJITH CHANDRAN P. (UNCAPPED) KARTHIKEYAN R.
(UNCAPPED)
5. RUBY TRICHY WARRIORS
INDRAJITH B. (CAPPED)
BHARATH SHANKAR K (CAPPED)
VIGNESH K (UNCAPPED)
6.VB KANCHI VEERANS
APARAJITH B. (CAPPED)
SILAMBARASAN R (UNCAPPED)
SANJAY YADAV R. (CAPPED)
7. DINDIGUL DRAGONS
ASHWIN R (CAPPED)
JAGADEESAN N. (CAPPED)
VIVEK R. (UNCAPPED)
8.IDREAM KARAIKUDI KAALAI
SHAJAHAN M. (UNCAPPED)
R RAJKUMAR. (UNCAPPED)
S MOHAN PRASATH. (UNCAPPED)
TNPL 2018 Player Draft live from 10:30 AM onwards.
Buzz TV Host Keith Rydh is the founder of the FoodiesUSA social network and the Foodies Care 501(c)3 charity.
Sunday, August 13, 2017 at 8:22 pm |
Members of white nationalist protesters seek protection with shields as they are confronted by a group of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, Saturday. (Reuters/Joshua Roberts)
Hate in America has manifested itself troublingly this past weekend in a quiet Virginia town. The death of a young woman protesting a white supremacist rally is another in a long list of incidents harking back to 2014 that depict a country under racial fire.
The emergence of the American neo-Nazi after seven decades is a bloodcurdling symptom of a clash of two cultures which are rising to seize control. The so-called “Unite the Right” mob evoked the medieval torches and pitchfork riot which preceded pogroms, pillage and plunder. They do not have anyone behind them, united or otherwise. All they have united is the nation against them.
Begone, you purveyors of hate. Take back your disgusting wares and slogans to the 18th century from whence it came. America is no place for you. The right provides no residence for a party as wrong as you. The chants of “blutt un ehr,” blood and honor — chillingly echoed along Charlottesville's streets Friday night — were buried already in the crags of Nuremburg.
So what does this mean to us as a nation? Does a second civil war beckon on the horizon? Are there fears that the imposing statues of Confederate generals on horseback will slip off their steeds and take command of a new resurrection?
Hardly. For several reasons.
First, the major Charlottesville “rally” which was sold by the media as the “largest group of white nationalists to come together in a decade,” in the words of The Associated Press, is unfortunately a media manufacture. While hundreds of people — ugly human beings including neo-Nazis, those longing for a return to a white America, and a consortium of socialist groups — were there, it scarcely represents the true America which hums with love and acceptance for all.
Secondly, the hate is not confined to one side or a single ideology. On the opposite side of the Charlottesville divide was its own hodgepodge of violent groups, including Black Lives Matter. The killing by car actually came at the tail end of hours of violence between the sides, with dozens of injuries on both margins.
In truth, hate in America has been waxing and waning ever since John Smith planted their feet on the shores of the Jamestown colony 130 miles away from the location of the Saturday incident and established the fledgling conservative principle that “he that will not work shall not eat.” The same fervent battles over immigration and welfare which roil their descendants' society today played out in color on that 17th-century stage.
The loathing continued through the Pilgrims' attempts at puritanizing their Plymouth Bay adventure, bulldozed across the Revolutionary War era, and embedded itself deep in American culture as the colonists set about bringing forth a nation conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
The revulsion for the other, and Jews have most often been represented as the other, has lain dormant for the past half century as liberalism raised its flag.
We stand today as a country united as never before, notwithstanding the occasional burps recalling the nation's tiny but teeming underground of hate.
The reemergence of the “alt-right,” personified by this past weekend's horror, must be condemned by all sides, not just the right. The media's reignition of the “Trump is an alt-right” meme, which died of sheer boredom earlier this year, is a repulsive, if sadly predictable, commentary of our press corps. So is Gov. Andrew Cuomo's inexplicable petition on the state-funded website to target the president.
Hate in America is a tiny flame, as it has been since the 1950s, but Saturday's incident shows it to still be alive. Both sides have a responsibility to tamp down the hate, sideline the extremists, and not use hate for political gain.
‘Tis our one country, there's no other.
Unity retires UnityScript language Continued support "obstructs new scripting features", only used in 3.6% of projects
This is News In Brief article. Read more about this story by following the link below:
blogs.unity3d.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Middlesbrough boss Tony Pulis is preparing to raid their old club West Bromwich Albion this summer.
TEAMtalk are reporting that Pulis wants to take Craig Dawson and Chris Brunt to the Riverside Stadium this summer - whether Boro are in the Premier League or not
Pulis is a huge fan of the duo who impressed under the boss at the Hawthorns but with Albion heading to the Championship they could be available.
Brunt started their career in the Boro Academy and they could head back to their first club while Dawson is seeking a fresh start after hie Baggies spell turned sour.
Aston Villa are thought to be interested in a summer move for Feyenoord's former Liverpool goalkeeper Brad Jones, reports the Sunday People.
Steve Bruce is keen to add to their goalkeeping ranks at the end of the season and scoutTony Coton has been sent to watch Jones in action recently.
Jones, 35, has spent the past two seasons in Holland with Feyenoord having spent most of their career as a no.2
They have made 69 appearances across the past two seasons and has played Champions League football this term.
Interest in Jones could suggest that Villa are looking at options should they not complete a deal for loan keeper Sam Johnstone in the summer.
A deal for the Man United would be difficult if they are not back in the Premier League.
Fulham are set to lose captain Tom Cairney should they fail to win promotion to the Premier League.
Mirror Football reports that the 27-year-old will be free to quit Craven Cottage with a host of Premier League sides interested.
West Ham, Newcastle United and Watford are all credited in the former Blackburn Rovers and Hull City midfielder who has been one of the best players in the Championship in recent years.
The Hammers moved for Cairney in January but their offer was rejected as the Whites aim for the Premier League.
Fulham are now set to place a £20million valuation on the Scottish international with Cairney set for a top-flight return after previously playing with Hull City.
Sheffield Wednesday are preparing to cut their losses with striker Jordan Rhodes in the summer.
Rhodes, 28, could be set for a loan move as the Owls look to get them off their paybill.
The forward joined Wednesday in a club-record deal in a £10m deal from Middlesbrough after they scored four goals in 28 appearances this season.
Bolton Wanderers are thought to be interested in Rhodes while Ipswich Town could also be in the reckoning.
Donatella Versace's blockbuster Spring 2018 show was a moving tribute to their late brother Gianni, which served as proof that many of their designs from the late '80s and '90s look just as relevant today. With everyone breathlessly anticipating tonight's debut of The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story, we're looking back at 20 of Gianni's most exquisite creations.
The Supreme Court has set 7 June 2018 to determine whether or not article 19 clause 2 (e) and (g) of the 1992 constitution puts an obligation on the prosecution team to furnish the defence counsel with documents they intend to rely on for prosecution in relation to the National Communications Authority (NCA) case.
This came to light after both the defence and the prosecution teams filed their legal submissions at the last adjourned date.
Class91.3FM's Ibrahim Obeng-Mensah reported on Tuesday, 24 April 2018 that the chair of the panel, Justice William Atuguba, adjourned the matter to 7 June 2018 after both parties had relied on their legal submissions filed earlier on different dates.
The issue was referred to the Supreme Court by an Accra High Court Judge, Justice Eric Kyei-Baffour, for an interpretation of the provision.
Some former officials of the NCA are standing trial for willfully causing financial loss to the state vis-a-vis a $4m procurement of monitoring equipment during the Mahama administration.
The five accused persons, most of them former NCA officials, were charged with various corruption-related offences.
Former Board Chair Eugene Baffoe-Bonnie and the four others, were charged and arraigned for willfully causing financial loss to the state contrary to section 23(1) and section 179(3)(a) of the Criminal Offences Act 1960, Act 29.
The Director for Legal Administration at the NCA, Abena Kwakoa Asafo-Adjei, who doubles as Secretary to the governing board, told the Commercial Court 7 of the Accra High Court presided by Justice Eric Kyei Baffour, on Tuesday, 16 January that they began working with the NCA on June 2003 but in 2015, was asked to proceed on leave with immediate effect.
According to her, they resumed work on 23 March 2016 by which time their position was taken from them but later restored with an additional duty as Secretary to the Authority.
Class 91.3FMs Ibrahim Obeng-Mensah, who was in court, reported that they told the hearing that per their position at NCA, they play an oversight role as far as procurement, awarding and signing of contracts to interested parties were concerned.
Reacting to a contract document signed between the NCA and IDL which was tendered by the prosecution, they told the court that the said contract was signed for and on behalf of the Authority by the former Board Chairman and the former Director of the Authority, William Mathew Tetteh Tevie, who are second and third accused persons, respectively.
Facts of the Case
The state believes Mr Baffoe-Bonnie, Mr Tevie, and Alhaji Osman, were aided by Mr Oppong, a private citizen, to engage in financial malfeasance.
According to the state, the previous administration had contracted an Israeli company, NSO Group Technology Limited, to supply listening equipment at the cost of $6 million, to enable the authorities monitor conversations of persons suspected to be engaged in terrorism.
Mr Oppong also charged $2 million to facilitate the transaction, bringing the total sum to $8 million. The state said National Security did not have the money to fund the transaction, therefore, the NCA, which has supervisory jurisdiction over the use of such equipment, was asked to fund the project.
The officials according to the state, withdrew $4 million from the accounts of the NCA and paid $1 million into the accounts of the Israeli company.
The remaining $3 million was lodged in the accounts of Mr Oppong, who acted as a representative of local agent Infraloks Development Ltd.
The entire deal was allegedly fronted by Alhaji Osman, Minister of Information Mustapha Abdul-Hamid told journalists last year.
By Allison Werder
Late Thursday night, while many of the taxpayers in the Commonwealth slept, the Massachusetts Senate pulled a few fast ones. First, and expectedly, it tacked on another $76 million in spending to an already bloated budget. No spending plan is rich enough for the Legislature these days, so it's not surprising that the Senate packed some extra goodies into its budget at the 11th hour. Adding insult to injury, the Senate also overwhelmingly denied taxpayers and small businesses even one day without sales tax by shooting down the tax-holiday amendment.
Then, in a brazenly politically motivated move that threw the normal policymaking process out the window, the Senate added an amendment laying the groundwork to make Massachusetts a sanctuary state for illegal immigrants. This amendment - which has no place in budget legislation in the first place - makes us less safe, takes away crucial decision-making authority from local law enforcement and has the potential to cost our state billions in federal aid and additional expense.
Massachusetts government spending has risen 34 percent over the past 10 years, while real incomes have increased only 6 percent. As anyone who has ever balanced a budget knows, this spending spree is not sustainable and rational people or businesses would have to make hard decisions and cut spending. Yet our state's elected officials keep pursuing more revenues to cover their out of control spending problems.
For example, the Legislature also has paved the way for a "millionaires' tax" on the ballot. This will not only hit high earners - nearly 80 percent of those making a million or more are reporting income from a business such as a sole proprietorship or partnership. Accordingly, placing a 4 percent surtax on these revenues will hurt small businesses. We also have a current minimum hourly wage that's 52 percent higher than national average of $7.25 and another potential ballot referendum that will increase it to $15/hour which would be more than double the current national average. Make no mistake - this is another tax on business because the state realizes the additional wage tax on these increased revenues. We are delusional if we don't think that these tax burdens won't drive resources and jobs out of our state as a whole and Western Mass even moreso.
As spring turns to summer, Governor Charlie Baker will be left, as always, to rein in the Legislature's out-of-control extravagance and attempt to instill some measure of fiscal responsibility to the FY2019 budget. Our state constitution requires a balanced budget, which our legislature has been ignoring over the past few years. Last year we were $400 million in the hole. The Governor proposed $320 million in cuts (a mere 0.8 percent of overall, $40B budget), and our Democrat controlled Legislature overrode nearly 90 percent of those reasonable cuts.
How much is enough?
One of the primary reasons I'm running for elected office is that I believe that too many of our representatives have simply stopped paying attention to the voters that gave them their jobs. I've spoken with a lot of people across the 2nd Hampden in the past three months, and many of them are working hard to make ends meet due to the pressures of healthcare costs and rising expenses for everyday living. Every household and family in Longmeadow, East Longmeadow, Hampden and Monson has some version of a budget it must adhere to. It has to reconcile the dollars out with the dollars in - to make reasoned choices about what it can afford and can't.
I would argue, given that we never know exactly when the next economic downturn or even recession may hit, that our Commonwealth should do the same. The trouble is, our current Legislature simply doesn't have the discipline or desire to say no to tens of millions of dollars in spending growth every year.
Beyond better fiscal discipline, we also need to do a better job evaluating the effectiveness of the money we're spending. In a Commonwealth that already has problems of transparency in government, too many of our state budget expenditures take place in the dark. Official audits have found serious problems with responsible use of monies and program management. Yet we continue to steadily increase budgets, year over year, with insufficient consideration of the good our money is doing - or, in many cases, isn't doing.
If elected, I would develop legislation to require much more rigorous evaluation of the way our money is spent by the State House, and greater transparency around how budgets are developed and implemented. It would be one important step toward heading off further late-night shenanigans like those that took place last week. It's our money they are spending. We deserve better.
Allison Werder is a Longmeadow resident and the former president of MassLive Media.  They are currently a candidate for State Representative in the 2nd Hampden District which includes Longmeadow, East Longmeadow, Hampden and Monson.
They can be reached via www.WerderForRep.com or email them at Allison@WerderForRep.com.
