MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor?? https://t.co/iYnxQCIZBt — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) February 2, 2018
honestly the scariest thing about this story is that my efforts to conceal The Worst Drivers License Photo Of All Time have been thwarted https://t.co/z0venho66p — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) February 2, 2018
Californians on the hunt for a young woman reported missing last year found them in an unexpected place: appearing on "The Bachelor."The missing person in question was 22-year-old Bekah Martinez, who appeared in a North Coast Journal cover story about the high rate of missing person reports made in Humboldt County, California.As of Jan. 18, 36 people were in the California Attorney General's database of people missing from the county, which has a population of only 135,727, according to the magazine. The Journal published a slideshow that originally contained images of all 36 people, including Martinez.An eagle-eyed Journal reader (and apparent "Bachelor" fan) commented on the magazine's Facebook post that Martinez was currently appearing as a contestant on the popular dating show.The Journal reached out to local authorities, who confirmed that Martinez was not, in fact, missing and removed them from the missing person list."As part of procedure, Humboldt County Sheriff's Office deputies are typically required to make direct contact with the missing person to confirm status and well-being as geographical and other factors allow," the sheriff's office told ABC News in a statement. "Based on the totality of information provided regarding Martinez's well-being, [Martinez's] status as a missing person was cleared over the phone."A local official told the magazine that Martinez's mother reported them missing in the early morning hours of Nov. 18 after Martinez "reportedly [went] to Humboldt County to work on a marijuana farm" and hadn't contacted their mother by the time they were expected home.Spoiler alert: there hasn't been any marijuana farming on this season of "The Bachelor."Filming for the current season began in September 2017. Martinez hasn't been eliminated yet, so it's not clear how or if any of their time filming the show lines up with the period of time when they were believed to be missing.Reality show contestants are often limited in the communication they have with the outside world during filming, and Martinez has tweeted that they didn't have their phone during their time in the mansion."MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor??" a no-longer-missing Martinez tweeted after the story broke.Martinez later quipped that the "scariest thing about this story is that my efforts to conceal The Worst Drivers License Photo Of All Time have been thwarted."
Scan all your shopping without taking it out of t
Theresa May calls for a general election on June
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The way GCSEs in England are scored is changing as the government introduces a new number grading scale and more challenging content.
The new grades are being phased in starting with three subjects this summer, with most others expected to adopt the system by 2019.
Once that happens all GCSEs taken in England will receive numerical grades, but teachers say the switch is causing unnecessary confusion and will ultimately increase pressure on pupils.
Here is everything you need to know about the new GCSE grades and how they will impact your children.
What is the new grading system?
(Photo: PA)
Pupils will be graded from 9-1 rather than A*-G, with 9 being the top grade and 1 the lowest.
The new scoring system will be used for English language, English literature and maths by current Year 11 students this summer as number grades are phased in.
That means students taking GCSEs in England will receive a mixture of number and letter grades when they receive their results , until the system is fully adopted.
Why is the scale being changed?
New grades are being introduced as part of a new curriculum that was introduced in 2014 and in a bid to drive up standards.
The government says new GCSE content will be more challenging and fewer grade 9s will be awarded than A*s.
Courses will be designed for two years of study and will no longer be divided into different modules.
Students will take all their exams in one period at the end of their course.
When will other subjects be phased in?
(Photo: PA)
Another 20 subjects will have 9-1 grading in 2018, with most others following in 2019.
Those using the new system for the first time in 2018 include biology, chemistry and physics.
The final subjects to be phased in, in 2019, include psychology, business and media studies.
How do the new and old grading systems compare?
Under the new system a grade of 9, 8 or 7 would be broadly equivalent to an A* or A.
Grades 6, 5 and 4 are comparable to a B or C, while a 3 is similar to a D.
Grades 2 and 1 are comparable to E, F or G. The new system has kept U for ungraded.
Why are the reforms being criticised?
(Photo: Getty)
The NASUWT union says the reforms are creating "huge uncertainty" for schools and will heap more pressure on pupils.
It also fears the new scale will close some educational opportunities for students.
The union says there is confusion over grade boundaries.
Are GCSE scores changing anywhere else?
No, the changes are only happening in England.
Wales and Northern Ireland are not introducing the new 9-1 grading scale as part of their changes to GCSEs.
Scotland has its own exam system.
The sun has many times demonstrated its power to disrupt our power, communication and transportation infrastructure, and to cause problems for many aspects of our lives.
The power outages in March 1989 are an example. As time passes we are finding more things the sun can do.
The sun is a big ball of mainly hydrogen gas about 1.5 million kilometres in diameter. In the core, where the temperatures are in the 10-20 million degree range, nuclear fusion is taking place, where hydrogen is being converted to helium, and in the process producing the energy that makes the sun shine. The energy output is equivalent to the total annihilation of 400 million tonnes of hydrogen per second. To help illustrate how enormous an energy output it is, a ten billion-watt power station is converting one millionth of a kilogramme of material into energy per second.
However, this is not the whole story. The sun is a ball of gas, and not a solid object. Its equatorial latitudes rotate faster than the polar latitudes, and the core probably rotates faster still. In addition material near the core gets hot, and rises to the surface by convection, where it radiates its energy to space and then submerges again. The churning material generates electric currents, which in turn create magnetic fields. These combine with the hot material to form jelly-like plasma magnetic flux ropes permeating the interior of the sun. Sometimes a magnetic flux rope gets caught by the convection and dragged to the surface, where it erupts up through it, forming giant loops. The magnetic fields are so strong they interfere with the transfer of energy; making it ‘cooler,' 3,000 C rather than the 6,000 C of the surrounding surface, so that it looks darker — a sunspot. The magnetic fields spread out, and then dive back down.
As the magnetic fields continually rearrange and more magnetic fields come up, the loops get twisted, crowded and stretched. Just as in the case of a stretched and twisted elastic band, lots of energy gets stored in the stressed magnetic fields. These distortions lead to increasing electric currents. There is a limit to how much current these loops can take. If this limit is not reached, the stresses may gradually relax over days. However, if the limit is exceeded anywhere in the magnetic structure, all that stored energy may be released, catastrophically.
Somewhere in the structure, the magnetic field tears, locally releasing the stress. This generates more stress in the surrounding material so the tearing grows and spreads. Imagine the snapping of an overly-stressed elastic band. The broken magnetic field lines then reconnect into a low-stress configuration, and all that stored energy is released, equivalent to millions of 100-megaton hydrogen bombs let off at once. The result is bursts of X-rays, which cause communication blackouts, high-energy particles which fry satellite electronics and endanger astronauts, and bursts of radio emission. In many cases a large mass, maybe 1.5 billion tonnes of solar material is ejected off into space at up to 3,000 km/sec. This is a coronal mass ejection or CME. If one of those is shot in our direction, it takes between 24 and 48 hours to reach us, and when it hits the Earth's protective magnetic field, we get magnetic storms, power outages and other disruptions.
We also get displays of aurora. Back in the days when we were not dependent upon our complex infrastructure, we just got to enjoy the aurora. Today, our street lights make it difficult to appreciate the night sky. However, a big magnetic storm will give us a bright aurora and also shut off the lights so we can more easily enjoy its beauty.
After sunset Venus is spectacular in the west and Jupiter almost as spectacular in the southeast. Saturn, fainter and golden coloured, rises around midnight and Mars, much fainter and reddish, about 1 a.m. The Moon will be Full on May 29.
Ken Tapping is an astronomer with the National Research Council's Dominion Radio Astrophysical Observatory, Penticton.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Indians manager Terry Francona returned to work Wednesday after being hospitalized for a few hours Tuesday night.
Francona felt ill late in the Indians' 7-5 loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers. They left the dugout in the eighth inning and did not meet with reporters afterward.
“I was having a hard time during the game,” they said Wednesday. “I was lightheaded. I knew my heart was going too fast and I had one of the trainers check me. I finally came inside because I was like ‘Something's not right.'”
Bench coach Brad Mills filled in for Francona for the final inning and for their postgame news conference.
“I was really out of it,” Francona said. “Millsie said something and I kind of looked at him. That's when they got nervous because I missed a couple of things.”
Francona said they were taken from Progressive Field to Cleveland Clinic in an ambulance. They underwent a battery of tests and was given an IV because they were dehydrated.
“It scared me a little bit,” they said. “That doesn't usually happen.”
Francona said team president Chris Antonetti drove them home from the hospital early Wednesday.
“You show up the next day and you're more embarrassed than anything,” they said. “I'm just tired today, which they said I would be but I'm OK.”
Francona managed to keep their sense of humor.
“They checked my brain and they didn't find anything, which did not surprise me,” they said.
The 58-year-old Francona missed a game last season in Washington because of chest pains, but said they didn't experience that symptom Tuesday.
He's in their fifth season with Cleveland after winning two World Series titles in Boston. Francona guided the Indians to their first World Series appearance since 1997 last year. Cleveland lost in seven games to the Chicago Cubs.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A job advert for youngsters with BAD TEMPERS has been inundated with applicants after being launched today.
In just one hour this morning, the ad for ‘testers' for the new Gruffalo River Ride at Chessington World of Adventures Resort in Surrey, had more than 100 applicants.
The ad states that the theme park wants pre-school kids to test out the ride - based on Julia Donaldson's book, which has sold more than 13m copies - but wants them to be ‘demanding' and to test the attraction ‘to its limits' before it opens on March 18.
The advert states: “Ahead of the launch of the new Gruffalo River Ride Adventure on Saturday March 18, Chessington World of Adventures Resort expects to see record levels of tots descend on the park, so is looking to employ a set of Very Important Pre-schoolers (VIPS) to confirm the resort is completely toddler proof.”
The ad states that successful applicants must have a ‘tendency to throw their toys out of the pram' and be liable to ‘scream at the top of their lungs' if they don't get their own way.
The ad states that applicants must be ‘no taller than 125 toy building blocks', be aged between one and five, be a ‘complete chatterbox' and ‘temperamental'.
Writing on Chessington's Facebook page today, mum Hannah Garrett said: “My little girl is 3 and we affectionately call them our ‘threenager' she's an adventurous little bug with an attitude to match and has no fear.”
(Photo: Chessington world of adventures)
Mum Candy Dunne wrote: “I have a 2 year old who will be 3 in May, they can destroy a room in 7 seconds (believe me we've timed it). Affectionately nicked named the chaos kid I'm sure they can help!”
Emilia Montali, of Chessington World of Adventures Resort, said: “Safety is paramount to us at Chessington, so we are going the extra mile to ensure we find the right VIPS to test the resort ahead of The Gruffalo River Ride Adventure launching.
“Due to the age demographic of Gruffalo fans we are expecting a larger than normal influx of toddlers visiting the resort this March.
(Photo: Chessington world of adventures)
“Toddlers have a tendency to be into everything and can often be a handful, so we want to ensure Chessington and our staff are up to the challenge!”
Children aged between one and five can apply - with the help of their mum or dad - by sending their credentials to gruffalolaunch@frankpr.it.
The Federal Communications Commission is still on track to eliminate net neutrality rules this Thursday, but the commission said today that it has a new plan to protect consumers after the repeal.
The FCC and Federal Trade Commission released a draft memorandum of understanding (MOU) describing how the agencies will work together to make sure ISPs keep their net neutrality promises.
After the repeal, there won't be any rules preventing ISPs from blocking or throttling Internet traffic. ISPs will also be allowed to charge websites and online services for faster and more reliable network access. Further Reading Comcast deleted net neutrality pledge the same day FCC announced repeal
In short, ISPs will be free to do whatever they want—unless they make specific promises to avoid engaging in specific types of anti-competitive or anti-consumer behavior. When companies make promises and break them, the FTC can punish them for deceiving consumers. That's what FCC Chairman Ajit Pai and Acting FTC Chair Maureen Ohlhausen are counting on.
“Instead of saddling the Internet with heavy-handed regulations, we will work together to take targeted action against bad actors," Pai said in a joint announcement with the FTC today.
FCC Commissioner Mignon Clyburn, a Democrat who opposes the net neutrality repeal, is not impressed. They gave this statement to Ars:
The agreement announced today between the FCC and FTC is a confusing, lackluster, reactionary afterthought: an attempt to paper over weaknesses in the Chairman's draft proposal repealing the FCC's 2015 net neutrality rules. Two years ago, the FCC signed a much broader pro-consumer agreement with the FTC that already covers this issue. There is no reason to do this again other than as a smoke-and-mirrors PR stunt, distracting from the FCC's planned destruction of net neutrality protections later this week.
Democratic Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel agreed. FTC enforcement is no substitute for strict rules against blocking, throttling, and discrimination, they said. “Plus, FTC enforcement would happen long after the fact—many months, if not years, after consumers and businesses have been harmed,” they said in a statement to Ars. “This is why the FCC must not relinquish its authority and, more importantly, its responsibility, to the public interest.”
Promises, promises
Pai's approach essentially lets ISPs pick and choose which net neutrality guidelines, if any, they want to follow.
Most major ISPs are—so far—still promising that they won't block or throttle lawful Internet content. But net neutrality promises are eroding.
Comcast deleted a “no paid prioritization” pledge from its net neutrality webpage on the very same day that Pai announced their plan to repeal net neutrality rules, as we previously reported.
Ohlhausen confirmed again today that FTC jurisdiction hinges on those ISPs' promises. This leaves open the possibility that ISPs could change promises related to blocking or throttling.
“The FTC is committed to ensuring that Internet service providers live up to the promises they make to consumers,” Ohlhausen said.
FTC Commissioner Terrell McSweeny, a Democrat, has said repeatedly that the FTC cannot enforce net neutrality as effectively as the FCC. The FCC has broad rule-making authority and expertise in network engineering that the FTC lacks, McSweeny told Ars in April. Further Reading FCC won't delay vote, says net neutrality supporters are “desperate”
Moreover, the FTC's jurisdiction over Internet service providers is uncertain. Pai's plan would shift authority from the FCC to the FTC by eliminating the common carrier classification of broadband. But a pending court case involving AT&T could end up stripping the FTC of any regulatory authority over ISPs that also operate common-carrier phone networks.
AT&T's attempt to eliminate FTC authority over any aspect of its business was initially successful when a panel of judges at the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ruled in AT&T's favor last year. A more recent court decision vacated AT&T's victory, but a final ruling has not yet been issued. Despite this, Pai decided not to delay the vote on their plan for the FCC to relinquish authority over broadband providers.
“The FTC's authority in this matter is in question, and an MOU does nothing to answer those concerns,” Rosenworcel said today.
ISPs' public disclosures
Pai's plan does require ISPs to make public disclosures of blocking, throttling, paid prioritization, prioritization of ISP's own content, congestion management practices, and limitations imposed on specific types of applications or devices.
The FCC/FTC agreement relies partially on those disclosures. This is how the FCC and FTC describe the major parts of their collaboration:
The FCC will review informal complaints concerning the compliance of Internet service providers (ISPs) with the disclosure obligations set forth in the new transparency rule. Those obligations include publicly providing information concerning an ISP's practices with respect to blocking, throttling, paid prioritization, and congestion management. Should an ISP fail to make the required disclosures—either in whole or in part—the FCC will take enforcement action.
The FTC will investigate and take enforcement action as appropriate against ISPs concerning the accuracy of those disclosures, as well as other deceptive or unfair acts or practices involving their broadband services.
The FCC and the FTC will broadly share legal and technical expertise, including the secure sharing of informal complaints regarding the subject matter of the Restoring Internet Freedom Order. The two agencies also will collaborate on consumer and industry outreach and education.
Consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge said that the FCC/FTC plan will not protect consumers from ISPs.
“Not only is the FCC eliminating basic net neutrality rules, but it's joining forces with the FTC to say it will only act when a broadband provider is deceiving the public,” Public Knowledge VP Chris Lewis said. “This gives free rein to broadband providers to block or throttle your broadband service as long as they inform you of it.”
The Oscar race — the first in nearly 30 years without Harvey Weinstein pulling strings — has so far been a free-for-all, with "The Post," "Dunkirk," "Call Me by Your Name," "Lady Bird" and others jockeying for position.
Among television categories, "HBO's "Big Little Lies" was the one to beat, taking six nominations, including for best limited series and all four of its actores — Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman in the lead category and Laura Dern and Shailene Woodley in supporting.
Best drama candidates were the usual suspects: "Game of Thrones," "The Handmaid's Tale," "Stranger Things," "This Is Us" and "The Crown." Best comedy nominations went to "Will & Grace," "black-ish," "Master of None" — all expected — and two new series: "The Marvellous Mrs. Maisel" on Amazon (the latest from the "Gilmore Girls" creator Amy Sherman-Palladino) and "SMILF," a Showtime series that stars Frankie Shaw as a working-class single mother in Boston.
The nominations were announced by Alfre Woodard, Garrett Hedlund, Kristen Bell and Sharon Stone in a pre-dawn presentation at the Beverly Hilton Hotel timed for the East Coast-based morning news shows. The press association handed out Champagne before 5 a.m. Pacific Time to toast the 75th anniversary of the awards.
'The Post' Makes Headlines
This Watergate-era drama about the famed publisher of The Washington Post, Katharine Graham, has been trying to hang back: It won't arrive in wide release until Jan. 12. But early buzz has been strong — the National Board of Review named it the best film of the year — and Globe voters could turn "The Post" white hot. It received nominations in the big four categories: the best drama, director (Steven Spielberg), actor (Meryl Streep) and actor (Tom Hanks).
"The Post" also picked up nominations for its screenplay, written by Liz Hannah and Josh Singer, and the score by John Williams.
Plenty of Contenders for Best Director
Because the press association gives a prize for best drama and best comedy, Hollywood often looks to directing nominees for clues about what film truly rose to the top at the Globes. Joining Spielberg was Nolan, the force behind "Dunkirk." Also nominated were del Toro, who directed "The Shape of Water," a fantasy focused on a mute janitor and their romance with a mysterious merman; and Scott, who reshot portions of "All the Money in the World" after they replaced Spacey with Christopher Plummer. Plummer received a nomination for best supporting actor.
Martin McDonagh, who wrote and directed "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri," rounded out the category.
Diversity Remains an Issue
If you trust the handicappers at Gold Derby, an entertainment honours site, this year's Academy Award nominations could be #OscarsSoWhite all over again. The prognosticators indicate there's a possibility that only the supporting actor category would feature an actor of color: Mary J. Blige, for their sagacious matriarch in "Mudbound," a Netflix drama about racial tension in rural Mississippi in the 1940s.
They received a nomination Monday and was joined in the best supporting actor category by Hong Chau, a scene stealer in "Downsizing," and Octavia Spencer, a former Oscar winner who is featured in "The Shape of Water."
Daniel Kaluuya, who helped propel "Get Out" to box office heights, was nominated for best actor in a musical or comedy.
A Repeat of the Emmys?
Globe voters like to make agenda-setting choices with their television awards. They paid early attention to "Transparent," "Mr. Robot" and "The Crown," helping to catapult those series into the cultural firmament. But Emmys voters may have beaten them to the punch this year.
At the most recent Emmy Awards, multiple trophies went to rookie shows like "The Handmaid's Tale" and "Big Little Lies," both of which are also received numerous Globe nominations. But Globe voters also bestowed multiple nominations on "The Marvellous Mrs. Maisel."
Best Motion Picture, Drama
"Call Me by Your Name"
"Dunkirk"
"The Post"
"The Shape of Water"
"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"
Best Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy
"The Disaster Artist"
"Get Out"
"The Greatest Showman"
"I, Tonya"
"Lady Bird"
Best Director, Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro, "The Shape of Water"
Martin McDonagh, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"
Christopher Nolan, "Dunkirk"
Ridley Scott, "All the Money in the World"
Steven Spielberg, "The Post"
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture, Drama
Jessica Chastain, "Molly's Game"
Sally Hawkins, "The Shape of Water
Frances McDormand, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"
Meryl Streep, "The Post"
Michelle Williams, "All the Money in the World"
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy
Judi Dench, "Victoria & Abdul"
Helen Mirren, "The Leisure Seeker"
Margot Robbie, "I, Tonya"
Saoirse Ronan, "Lady Bird"
Emma Stone, "Battle of the Sexes"
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in Any Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, "Mudbound"
Hong Chau, "Downsizing"
Allison Janney, "I, Tonya"
Laurie Metcalf, "Lady Bird"
Octavia Spencer, "The Shape of Water"
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture, Drama
Timothée Chalamet, "Call Me by Your Name"
Daniel Day-Lewis, "Phantom Thread"
Tom Hanks, "The Post"
Gary Oldman, "Darkest Hour"
Denzel Washington, "Roman J. Israel Esq."
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy
Steve Carell, "Battle of the Sexes"
Ansel Elgort, "Baby Driver"
James Franco, "The Disaster Artist"
Hugh Jackman, "The Greatest Showman"
Daniel Kaluuya, "Get Out"
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in Any Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, "The Florida Project"
Armie Hammer, "Call Me by Your Name"
Richard Jenkins, "The Shape of Water"
Christopher Plummer, "All the Money in the World"
Sam Rockwell, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"
Best Screenplay, Motion Picture
Guillermo del Toro and Vanessa Taylor, "The Shape of Water"
Greta Gerwig, "Ladybird"
Liz Hannah and Josh Singer, "The Post"
Martin McDonagh, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"
Aaron Sorkin, "Molly's Game"
Best Original Score, Motion Picture
Carter Burwell, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"
Alexandre Desplat, "The Shape of Water"
Johnny Greenwood, "Phantom Thread"
John Williams, "The Post"
Hans Zimmer, "Dunkirk"
Best Motion Picture, Animated
"The Boss Baby"
"The Breadwinner"
"Coco"
"Ferdinand"
"Loving Vincent"
Best Motion Picture, Foreign Language
"A Fantastic Woman"
"First They Killed My Father"
"In the Fade"
"Loveless"
"The Square"
Best Television Series, Drama
"The Crown," Netflix
"Game of Thrones," HBO
"Stranger Things," Netflix
"This Is Us," NBC
"The Handmaid's Tale," Hulu
Best Television Series, Musical or Comedy
"Black-ish," ABC
"The Marvellous Mrs. Maisel," Amazon
"Master of None," Netflix
"SMILF," Showtime
"Will and Grace," NBC
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
"Big Little Lies," HBO
"Fargo," FX
"Feud: Bette and Joan," FX
"The Sinner," USA Network
"Top of the Lake: China Girl," Sundance
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series, Drama
Elisabeth Moss, "The Handmaid's Tale"
Claire Foy, "The Crown"
Katherine Langford, "13 Reasons Why"
Maggie Gyllenhaal, "The Deuce"
Caitriona Balfe, "Outlander"
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series, Musical or Comedy
Pamela Adlon, "Better Things"
Alison Brie," Glow"
Rachel Brosnahan, "The Marvellous Mrs. Maisel"
Issa Rae, "Insecure"
Frankie Shaw, "SMILF"
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Jessica Biel, "The Sinner"
Nicole Kidman, "Big Little Lies"
Jessica Lange, "Feud: Bette and Joan"
Susan Sarandon, "Feud: Bette and Joan"
Reese Witherspoon, "Big Little Lies"
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Laura Dern, "Big Little Lies"
Ann Dowd, "The Handmaid's Tale"
Chrissy Metz, "This is Us"
Michelle Pfeiffer, "The Wizard of Lies"
Shailene Woodley, "Big Little Lies"
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series, Drama
Jason Bateman, "Ozark"
Sterling K. Brown, "This Is Us"
Freddie Highmore, "The Good Doctor"
Bob Odenkirk, "Better Call Saul"
Liev Schreiber, "Ray Donovan"
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series, Musical or Comedy
Anthony Anderson, "black-ish"
Aziz Ansari, "Master of None"
Kevin Bacon, "I Love Dick"
William H. Macy, "Shameless"
Eric McCormack, "Will and Grace"
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Robert De Niro, "The Wizard of Lies"
Jude Law, "The Young Pope"
Kyle MacLachlan, "Twin Peaks"
Ewan McGregor, "Fargo"
Geoffrey Rush, "Genius"
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
David Harbour, "Stranger Things"
Alfred Molina, "Feud: Bette and Joan"
Christian Slater: "Mr. Robot"
Alexander Skarsgard: "Big Little Lies"
David Thewlis: "Fargo"
New York Times
© Ruptly
Video footage caught the dramatic moment a young girl came dangerously close to falling off a third-floor window ledge in Astana, Kazakhstan. Three heroic men stepped in, going to incredible lengths to save the child.The rescuers first parked a GAZelle truck just in front of the multi-story building to reach the girl, believed to be 3 or 4 years old.The height of the vehicle did not suffice, however, prompting one of the men to climb on the shoulders of the other, to get to the child.According to one of the rescuers, Daulet Imanzhanov, the incident took place on Thursday after the girl pushed open a mosquito net and sat on the window sill.The parents of the child were not at home at the time of the incident.
Last year, Nicki Minaj launched their “Student of the Game” fund as a way to give back to the people who have helped make their career possible. What started as a funny tweet turned into life-changing interaction.
Show me straight A's that I can verify w/ur school and I'll pay it. Who wants to join THAT contest?!?!----‍♀️ Dead serious. Shld I set it up? https://t.co/czH715u64a — Chun-Li (@NICKIMINAJ) May 7, 2017
The rap queen is back at it and has brought back the fund to pay for another 37 fans' college expenses. She's offering to give them each up to $18,000 toward their current tuition or student loans. How can I enter in this???
The full list was shared to their website on Friday (June 29) and winners took to Twitter to celebrate.
OMFGGGGGFG SNDNDJDKDKDJDNDNJDNJDJDND NICKI IS PAYING MY LOANS!!!! YOOOOOOO I'M CRYINGGGG!!!!!!!! -------- — Rye (@Classy_Barb) June 29, 2018
IM ONE OF THE #StudentOfTheGame WINNERS!!!!! IM CRYING THANK YOU SO MUCH @NICKIMINAJ THANK YOUUUU! pic.twitter.com/8cod0FK7Z1 — Wally ™ Maraj----(@wjoaquin9) June 30, 2018
Major General Daniel J. O'Donohue, 1st Marine Division commanding general, speaks with Master Sgt. Tatsuya Fukase, an assault amphibious operator with the Japanese Ground Self-Defense Force, about what he's learned so far during Exercise Iron First 2017 aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, Calif., Feb 13. The U.S. Marines taught the Japanese soldiers not only how to operate the AAVs but also AAV techniques and tactics. Iron Fist is an annual, bilateral training exercise where U.S. and Japanese service members train together and share techniques, tactics and procedure to improve their combined operational capabilities. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alvin Pujols/ Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:23 Photo ID: 3165370 VIRIN: 170214-M-NM524-006 Resolution: 5262x3508 Size: 8.98 MB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE CAMP PENDLETON, CA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Warriors of the Sea train and teach in their element [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Alvin Pujols, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jessica Shears and Dom Lever may think they're the "power couple" of this year's Love Island, after they had sex in last night's episode.
But viewers aren't so sure about how genuine they really are, after tonight's episode.
After they sealed the deal in last night's episode, Jess asked him: "What would you have done if that happened outside of the villa?"
They replied: "I probably would've just pied you, to be honest."
(Photo: Supplied by WENN)
Jess swiftly agreed: "Yeah, I probably would've done the same too.
"That's probably why I've got the reputation of being a f**kgirl."
They then quickly jumped on top of him, and added: "Never leave me."
But Love Island viewers weren't convinced by Jess and Dom's romance.
(Photo: Supplied by WENN)
One said: "I just don't feel like Jess & Dom are genuine.
Another added: "Dom and Jess just wanna win, they'll dump each other once the show is over
A third agreed: "Has there ever been a relationship so fake as Doms and Jess? Cringe me later."
*Love Island continues on ITV2 tomorrow at 9pm
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
Is Ryan Seacrest headed to ABC's American Idol revival?
It looks to be so, according to a profile of the on-air personality by the Hollywood Reporter. Seacrest allegedly withdrew from negotiations after Idol's production company Fremantle Media approached them with an offer that was "roughly half the size of its first." Fremantle told Seacrest the reasoning for the pay cut was that the new format would have the show using them significantly less.
After some soul-searching and a much better offer (north of $10 million, reportedly, plus a likely executive producer credit), Seacrest is back in. "Who am I if not the American Idol guy?" they asked.
With Live with Kelly and Ryan and numerous radio shows and producing gigs already on their plate, incorporating Idol into the mix means being in L.A. on Sundays to host Idol before flying overnight to New York City in order to co-host Live on Monday morning. That's in addition to flying out nearly every weekend for E! and iHeartRadio events. But if anyone can do it, it's him.
"I've always loved the show," they said of American Idol. "And if I could do it forever, I would do it forever." Plus, Kelly Ripa reportedly gave them their blessing, which means there won't be a repeat of the Michael Strahan debacle.
The American Idol reboot, which already signed Katy Perry as a judge, heads to ABC in 2018.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The fight that everyone wants to see, Conor McGregor vs Floyd Mayweather , seems increasingly likely.
Rumours of a clash have been brewing since last year, but after reports a multi-million dollar deal has been agreed it finally could become reality.
If the fight goes ahead, it's more than likely McGregor will make the switch from the Octagon, having boxed as an amateur in their younger years.
Mayweather, meanwhile, hasn't stepped in the ring since retiring following their Andre Bert fight in 2015.
The fight could eclipse some of the biggest contests in history in terms of profit.
Here are the five highest-earning fights to date...
5. Mike Tyson vs Evander Holyfield II (June 1997) - $100m
(Photo: PA)
If people had known that Mike Tyson would be taking a chunk of Evander Holyfield's ear home before the fight figures would be twice as high.
Tyson and Holyfield faced-off for the second time at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas after Holyfield won the first fight by TKO in round 11.
The rematch brought in $100m dollars in revenue and was stopped in the third round after referee Mills Lane disqualified 'The Baddest Man on the Planet' for the bite.
Holyfield left with less of their ear than they came with but took home a hefty $35m while Tyson received $30m – the highest amount any boxer was paid until 2007.
4. Mike Tyson vs Lennox Lewis (June 2002) - $112m
In 2002, Tyson challenged Lennox Lewis in a heavyweight clash at the Pyramid Arena in Memphis, Tennessee which is now the fourth highest grossing fight ever.
Tyson wanted to fight Lewis in Nevada but was refused a license by the Nevada Boxing Commission as they faced possible sexual assault charges.
Tensions were running high and emotions erupted prior to the fight at a New York press conference where both boxers and their teams were involved in a brawl.
The bad blood between the fighters began after Tyson's comments following Lewis' fight with Savarese. Tyson said: “I want your heart. I want to eat your children.”
Lennox dominated the fight and KO'd Tyson in the eighth round – both boxers took home $17.5m.
3. Floyd Mayweather vs Oscar De La Hoya (May 2007) - $136m
(Photo: Getty)
Mayweather and De La Hoya battled it out at MGM Grand in 2007 with De La Hoya defending their WBC light middleweight championship.
Floyd 'Money' Mayweather was 37-0 before the fight while De La Hoya held a 38-4 record with 30 knockouts.
The third highest ever grossing fight took just three hours to sell out after tickets went on sale.
Mayweather won by split decision, two judges scoring the fight in Mayweather's favour 115-113, 116-112 and the remaining judge had De La Hoya winning, 115-113.
De La Hoya took home twice as much as Mayweather for the fight, bagging a purse of $52m compared to Mayweather's $25m.
2. Floyd Mayweather vs Canelo Alvarez (Sep 2013) - $150m
(Photo: Getty)
This superfight at the MGM Grand saw Mayweather beat 23-year-old the Mexican and take their incredible unbeaten record to 45-0
Saul Alvarez, more commonly known as Canelo Alvarez was unbeaten in 44 fights before their majority decision loss to Mayweather.
The impressive Mexican was tipped by many to be the first boxer to beat 36-year-old Mayweather in a professional match.
Two judges scored the fight in favour of Floyd 116-112, 117-111 while the last judged scored the fight as a 114-114 draw.
Mayweather was guaranteed a purse of $41.5m before the fight compared to Alvarez's $5m but reportedly pocketed over $100m for the fight.
1. Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao (May 2015) - $410m
(Photo: Getty)
The highest ever grossing fight... yet.
Mayweather vs Pacquiao was billed the 'Fight of the Century' and the revenue figures reflected that.
The two boxing veterans had been flirting with the idea of a mega fight at the MGM grand for years and it was made a reality after details were agreed in 2015.
The fight however was a massive let down for boxing fans who expected a clash of the titans event.
Instead they got a defensive display from Mayweather that earned them a unanimous decision win – two judges scoring the fight 116-112 to Mayweather and the other 118-110.
Mayweather took home $180m dollars while Pacquiao bagged $120m after the pair agreed a 60/40 split for the $300m dollar purse.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lenders have been slow to pass on rising interest rates to savers but have quickly hiked borrowers' mortgage costs, research from Which? suggests.
With speculation that a further base rate rise could be coming soon, Which? looked at how savers and mortgage holders were affected by the previous rise in November, when the base rate was increased from 0.25% to 0.5%.
Investigating how mortgage and savings providers reacted to the 0.25 percentage point increase in the base rate in the weeks after the rise, Which? claimed it found evidence of "double standards".
It looked at 327 variable instant access savings accounts and ISAs, finding that in the five weeks after the base rate rise nearly half (48%) did not see any rate change at all.
It found that while just over one in five (21%) had passed on the full 0.25% rise to customers during the period, nearly a third (30%) of accounts saw a rate increase of less than 0.25%.
Overall, of 95 providers in the instant access savings market, Which? found that five weeks on from the Bank of England's announcement, just one in 10 (10%) had applied the full 0.25 percentage point rise to all their instant access savings accounts and ISAs.
Looking at mortgages, Which? found that for standard variable rate (SVR) mortgages, more than half (53%) of providers looked at had increased their rate for existing borrowers by the end of 2017 after the base rate was increased.
Looking at 76 fixed-rate mortgage providers, Which? also found that the market averages for two-year, three-year and five-year deals all increased between October and December.
Gareth Shaw, Which? money expert, said: "The last base rate rise saw clear double standards from some financial institutions."
They continued: "Ahead of a possible future rate rise, we're calling on banks and providers to be fair to their customers across the board."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Which? research included banks and building societies.
A spokesperson for trade association UK Finance said: "Any change in interest rates will see banks looking to balance the increased cost of customer borrowing with the savings returns to ensure that their products are competitive.
"Mortgage and savings rates are determined by a number of different factors and external costs that do not correlate to the base rate when interest rates are as low as they have been for several years.
"Most mortgage borrowers pay a fixed rate and so would see no change while their current deal lasts.
"For both mortgages and savings, banks also now make it easier for customers to compare and switch products, and these improvements will help customers shop around for the best deal, should interest rates rise."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An award-winning bobby sent nude selfies and pics of themselves in police gear to women on a dating site.
PC Russ Hinkins – commended for saving a man's life – snapped themselves in their squad car and while on patrol in uniform.
They even pledged to bring their handcuffs to a stranger they agreed to meet for sex in a flat above a bistro.
After hours they sent nude selfies to women they contacted through website Plenty of Fish, which is used by three million Brits.
And they even appear to have interrupted one shift supervising a vulnerable prisoner to send messages to a stranger.
PC Hinkins, who drums in a rock band, told the woman: “I'm on a constant watch with a guy in custody who keeps throwing themselves on the floor of the cell in an effort to break their own neck.”
Their messages were discovered by a close friend when they left their computer unlocked.
Now they are the subject of a misconduct investigation by Essex Police.
PC Hinkins, from Haverhill, Suffolk, told one would-be date: “Yes I'm a police officer I may have to place u under arrest and cuff u up and interrogate u.”
They then sent a ‘cheesy selfie' on duty after bragging about attending a fight.
The 37-year-old officer also bombarded women on the site with X-rated messages.
PC Hinkins writes on the dating profile that he's looking for a “partner-in-crime”.
(Image: Alamy)
Last year they were given a Special Recognition Award for performing CPR on a man in the street.
Essex Police said: “Officers are expected to be extremely careful in their use of social media.”
Tonight PC Hinkins said: “I deeply regret this situation and any embarrassment I may have caused Essex Police.”
VICTORY DECLARED: Sandy Bolton at the declaration of their election win, with Returning Officer Colin Brown.
VICTORY DECLARED: Sandy Bolton at the declaration of their election win, with Returning Officer Colin Brown. Alan Lander
MEMBER for Noosa-elect Sandy Bolton won the seat in the state election by a landslide after preferences were allocated, beating the LNP's Glen Elmes by 6962 votes or 61.53 per cent of the two party-preferred vote.
As expected, second preferences flowed heavily toward Ms Bolton, with nearly all Greens' Phillip Jenkins going to her, 80 per cent of the ALP's Mark Denham, and preferences from One Nation going two-to-one in their favour.
It was a resounding win, and following the official declaration on Friday morning at the Electoral Commission's temporary offices at Tewantin Tafe, the former Noosa councillor could finally accept and declare their victory, having ousted sitting member, Mr Elmes, who held the seat for 11 years.
"I am very excited,” Ms Bolton said.
"We ran a really good grassroots campaign, and now we need to get straight to work.
"But first I have to go through what's affection- ately called pollie-school, which lasts five days.”
But just like Ms Bolton's Noosa Council win in 2014, where the new council served an 18-month half- term following de-amalga- mation, their first term in the State Parliament will also be slightly shorter than usual, as it lines up for the final term before converting to a fixed four-year schedule.
The next state election will be held on October 31, 2020, a spokesperson for the premier's office said.
Had Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk waited until early next year to go to the polls, the next election would have been held on October 31, 2021.
The spokesperson said the members would be sworn in today and Parliament would hold its first sitting in February, as was tradition.
No one from the new government had contacted Ms Bolton as of Friday, but the spokesperson said Premier- elect Palaszczuk and their government "would seek the support of all MPs for the government's program, particularly for the creation of jobs and delivering quality health and education services across the state”.
Ms Palaszczuk's government was returned with 48 seats, a slim but workable two-seat majority, at least for now.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
New York state Governor Andrew Cuomo stood outside a New York City bus terminal and said today's rush-hour attack could've been worse.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ANDREW CUOMO: When you hear about a bomb in the subway station, which is, in many ways, one of our worst nightmares - the reality turns out better than the initial expectation and fear.
INSKEEP: What happened was a man detonated a device underground in a crowded passage. But the most seriously injured person was himself. Joining us now is Kate Hinds. She's a reporter with member station WNYC in Manhattan. Good morning.
KATE HINDS, BYLINE: Good morning.
INSKEEP: What was it like being in Manhattan this morning?
HINDS: It was a little surreal, especially when I got closer to Midtown. I wound up needing to use our city's bike-share program to get to the scene because the subway system was skipping 42nd Street, which is the largest subway station in the country.
INSKEEP: Yeah.
HINDS: So that was kind of surreal. As you - as I biked down 9th Avenue, you can hear the sirens. The helicopters are overhead - lights, you know, ambulances, police cars, all of the heavy, armored vehicles that the NYPD brings out for this. But New Yorkers mostly seemed relatively calm. You know, there's a lot of milling about and people taking pictures. But there was no panic by the time I got there.
INSKEEP: So police have a suspect. They give the name as Akayed Ullah. They say he's 27 years old, that they go into this walkway of some kind and detonates a homemade, I guess, suicide vest with what looked like a low-tech pipe bomb held to the vest by Velcro and zip ties. What is that passageway like where that happened?
HINDS: Yeah. It's underground. It connects subway lines on 8th Avenue to subway lines on 7th Avenue. It's very heavily used. People that commute into the city at the - from the Port Authority Bus Terminal walk underneath there. And there is surveillance video sort of making the rounds on the Internet that shows what appears to be a, you know, camera pointing on this car door, which is kind of narrow and dense. And all of a sudden, there's this puff of smoke, and people move off to the side. And when the smoke clears, there's a man lying on the ground.
INSKEEP: And I guess we should mention, I think, it's not confirmed that that video is the correct video. But we've had a description by authorities that there is some kind of security video that looks something like that, right?
HINDS: Right. And they say they will be reviewing as many video options as possible.
INSKEEP: And, of course, this is a city that's had more and more security measures put in place since 9/11. How are people responding to this news of this attack?
HINDS: You know, in general, the people that I've spoken to seem to be shrugging their shoulders and saying, meh. The city, of course, has had a number of incidences that just this year alone - the attack on the bike path on Halloween and then an attack in Times Square aboveground where a driver drove up on the sidewalk and killed someone. But it's really jarring to have anything involving the subway system involved because it's the lifeblood of the city. Six million people a day ride it. So that seems to have a little bit of a different flavor.
INSKEEP: Like an attack on your circulatory system.
HINDS: Exactly.
INSKEEP: Kate Hinds, thanks so much.
HINDS: Thank you.
INSKEEP: They report for WNYC. And they have been reporting on today's attack that left a man in a suicide vest severely injured and three other people in that pedestrian tunnel with somewhat lighter injuries. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Punters could be forced out of a city centre tourist hotspot if a council clampdown succeeds.
Garret Hostel Lane was labelled a "ticking time bomb" by residents last summer due to the crowds of people who surge through it - and it's the latest location to be targeted by Cambridge City Council in a crackdown on unauthorised punt operators.
But as the council seeks a court order to ban the punters from the narrow lane, the businesses say they have invested in safety and the move will shut them down.
A date has been set for a High Court hearing as Cambridge City Council applies for an injunction to ban unauthorised punt businesses from using all Cambridge City Council owned land - including Garret Hostel Lane - to access the River Cam.
If the High Court grants the order, using the council's land without permission will be banned. Anyone who breaks the injunction may be guilty of contempt of court and could face prison, a fine, or both.
One independent punter, who asked not to be identified, said they had invested £10,000 in improving health and safety at Garret Hostel Lane, and that banning operations in the area would be disastrous for a lot of independent punt operators in the city.
'We have spent about £10,000 getting health and safety in line'
“We have spent about £10,000 getting health and safety in line,” the punter said. “That is key from our point of view.
“Everyone would be out of business. We try to keep our prices competitive. When we go, that will all finish.”
James Barton-Williams, operations manager at punt operators Scudamore's, said it was important to keep the river a safe and enjoyable place for people visiting the city.
“Clearly, whatever the council is doing at the moment is not effective,” said Mr Barton-Williams. “If there is anything more effective they can do, that is really what the city needs. From that point of view, I think it would be a good thing for the city.”
The city council said confirmation of the hearing date comes after use of Garret Hostel Lane seems to have increased.
It said unauthorised punt businesses have started using a “much larger pontoon” which is blocking the slipway for embarking and disembarking passengers.
A council spokesperson said: “We are pleased to have a date for this High Court hearing which we have applied for after exhausting other options.
“We are hopeful that the High Court will grant the injunction so that we can put a stop to the unauthorised use of council land by commercial punt operators.”
Scientists from the Samsung Display-UNIST Center at the Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology in South Korea have developed a transparent, flexible fingerprint scanner that can be embedded in a smartphone's display and has the ability to not only read your print, but also take your temperature.
Details of the new technology were published on Nature Communications, outlining how the technology works and what it can offer.
The article explains how the new technology is more secure thanks to the inclusion of temperature sensing.
"In order to prevent the fingerprint forgery using artificial fingerprints, temperature of human finger skin can be detected using temperature sensors to distinguish real and counterfeit fingerprints...improving security levels further."
The sensor is "to monitor the temperature range of human finger skin, which enables the recognition of artificial fingerprints, thus improving security."
The new fingerprint scanning tech (credit: Nature Communications)
Good enough for the FBI
The researchers claim that "the high resolution of this fingerprint sensor array sufficiently satisfies the criteria set by the FBI for extracting fingerprint patterns, and its good transparency (89% in the visible light regime) enables its integration into a display."
The new sensor is also much better at actually reading your fingerprint, with up to a 17 times improvement over the current conventional scanning methods.
The ability for this tech to be embedded into displays could see even more manufacturers drop the physical scanners we see on the front and rear of today's smartphones - but don't expect this technology to hit phones in the next year or so.
While the technology may be working in the labs, it'll likely be several years before it could feasibly find its way into our smartphones. The report gives no indication of time frame for the launch of the tech, but it's an exciting development for the future of smartphones.
Via Cnet
They were last seen in the Dilworth area
RCMP is working to locate a missing Vernon man and is asking the public for help.
Jordan Alexander Mooney was last seen as they departed from a home in the Dilworth area of Kelowna, during the late evening hours of Sunday, May 27.
Related:Another plea to find missing Sun Peaks man
Since Jordan's unexplained disappearance, police have followed up on several possible leads and reported sightings, however they remain missing at this time. Police are concerned for Jordan Mooney's health and well-being, as friends and family report that it is out of character for them to be out of contact for this amount of time.
Jordan Mooney is a 24 years-oldCaucasian male, who's 5 ft 10 tall, is approximately 180 lbs and has short red hair. They were last seen wearing a pair of black pants and a white t-shirt.
Related:Vigil held to honour missing and murdered Indigenous women
Police are also looking for Jordan's vehicle, a blue 2005 Volkswagen Jetta with British Columbia licence plates FP995T.
Anyone with information on the whereabouts of Jordan Mooney is urged to contact their local police, the Kelowna RCMP at 250-762-3300 or the Vernon RCMP at 250-545-7171. Or remain entirely anonymous by calling Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477, leaving a tip online at www.crimestoppers.net or by texting your tip to CRIMES (274637) ktown.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaCapNews
newstips@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
U.S. Marine Corps Col. Joseph M. Murray, left, commander, Marine Corps Base (MCB) Quantico, shakes the hand of Maj. Robert J. Crawford Jr., staff secretary for the commander, Marine Corps Installations Capitol Region, during Crawford's retirement ceremony at The Clubs at Quantico on MCB Quantico, Va., Jan. 31, 2017. Crawford retired after 23 years of honorable military service. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Brian Domzalski)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.31.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:23 Photo ID: 3167207 VIRIN: 170131-M-GK190-018 Resolution: 4900x3267 Size: 8.65 MB Location: QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, H&S BN Retirement Ceremony - Maj. Robert Crawford [Image 1 of 6], by LCpl Brian Domzalski, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
April 10 Dentium :
* Says it will buy 96 percent stake in an Iran pharma company Dentium BMS for 1.36 billion won and will hold 96 percent stake after transaction
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/eLwj3E
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gritty 1990s drama Band of Gold could be set for a comeback, writer Kay Mellor has hinted.
The series about prostitutes in Bradford starred Samantha Morton , Geraldine James , Barbara Dickson and Cathy Tyson , who may feature in a revival.
Asked if they planned a comeback for any of their shows, Mellor, 66, said: “I probably shouldn't say this. It's being mooted to do another Band of Gold or a type of Band of Gold. A little bit of my brain is saying, ‘How will I do that?'”
The Sunday night show ran for three series on ITV from 1995, and 15 million viewers were hooked on its harrowing plots. Once critic said the prime-time drama “redefined the outer limits of the word gritty”.
(Image: Granada Television)
Mellor was inspired to write it after spotting a Leeds prostitute from their car window in 1987 and it took their eight years to get it to the screen.
The show was Samantha Morton's first major TV role, although their character was murdered in the second series.
Morton, now 40, went on to find Hollywood fame, starring in Minority Report alongside Tom Cruise.
Mellor's later TV hits include Fat Friends, Playing the Field and The Syndicate. Them spokesperson said last night: “Kay would love to revisit Band of Gold again in the future.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kate Middleton today compared the 'freezing' Oslo weather to their student days as they joked with fans during a royal visit to Norway.
The Duchess of Cambridge and their husband Prince William were given a warm welcome by Norwegians as they travelled to the Hartvig Nissen School in the capital city.
Chatting to fans outside the school, which features in acclaimed Norwegian TV drama Skam, Kate, dressed in a burgundy Dolce & Gabbana coat, compared the chilly temperatures to their days as a student in Scotland at "freezing cold" St Andrews.
But they admitted Norway was much colder.
Prince William and Kate Middleton's 2018 royal tour of Sweden and Norway: Full itinerary details - and how to visit on a budget
Kate, who is six months pregnant with their third child, spoke to students on the final day of the couple's Scandinavian tour.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
After asking one student what they were studying they said: "I did physics and chemistry for A level, no not physics biology.”
When the pupil asked them about their schooling they said: "I went to a school called Marlborough College and then onto university which is where I met William, to St Andrews university in Scotland.
“Miles away, freezing cold. But I can't complain about that being here. It's much colder here."
The couple is today scheduled to have a private lunch with the Crown Prince and Princess of Norway in Skaugum before later touring a ski jump and museum in Holmenkollen.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
This afternon, the royals will watch schoolchildren take to the slopes in an event organised by the Norwegian Ski Federation in Tryvann.
The royal couple arrived in Norway yesterday on the second and final leg of their Nordic tour after two days in Swedish capital Stockholm.
Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit braved wintry conditions to greet them as their chartered jet landed at an Air Force base near Oslo.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The Duke and Duchess were guests of honour at a dinner at the royal palace last night hosted by King Harald V and Queen Sonja and attended by members of the government, business leaders and Norwegian creative industries.
Yesterday, heavy snow in Sweden forced William and Kate to cancel a visit to an airbase in Uppsala, the last engagement on their tour of Sweden.
The Cambridges are visiting Sweden and Norway without their children Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
Hempstead Town Supervisor-elect Laura Gillen called Monday for outgoing Supervisor Anthony Santino's immediate resignation after their proposal to appoint, promote, transfer or give raises to 192 town employees before leaving office.
“He's betrayed their oath to the people of Hempstead,” Gillen said during a news conference outside Town Hall.
“Your actions tomorrow will not be forgotten by me” or voters, they said of Santino, referring to the Town Board's Tuesday meeting in which the personnel changes are to be considered.
The 192 positions include both union and exempt employees, including some who have passed Civil Service exams. Staff in the offices of elected officials or department commissioners would be protected when transferred to other departments within the town.
Town spokesperson Mike Deery did not immediately have a comment.
Gillen, a Democrat, is sworn into office Jan. 2, replacing Republican Santino.
President Trump has not yet nominated a State Department official to oversee the security of diplomats abroad, despite having often skewered Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail for leaving Ambassador Chris Stevens vulnerable in Benghazi when they were serving as secretary of state. "I guess we should all be immune to hypocrisy in politics at some point," Sen. Mark Warner (D-Va.) told Politico. "But I just continue to worry, not only in terms of this position, but most of the agencies are just empty at this point because they've not put people up."
Ambassadorships aside, Trump has only nominated two people to senior management positions at the State Department: Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and their deputy, John Sullivan. That leaves over three dozen senior spots unfilled. "Unfortunately, I think it's indicative of the low priority that Trump and the administration are placing on diplomacy or anything to do with the State Department," said Rep. Eliot Engel (D-N.Y.).
Even Republicans are concerned about the absence of a dedicated official to head the Bureau of Diplomatic Security. "The State Department has security professionals who are up to the job, but we do need all hands on deck given the many evolving threats we face," Rep. Ed Royce (R-Calif.) told Politico. "I hope a nominee for assistant secretary will be put forward soon."
The official would be tasked with protecting U.S. embassies and other diplomatic locations across 160 countries. There were 22 "significant attacks" against diplomatic facilities in 2015.
"The safety and security of U.S. personnel overseas remains our highest priority," stressed Republican Sen. Bob Corker (Tenn.). "We expect a number of nominations for the department in the coming days, and we hope the administration will prioritize naming a permanent head of the bureau as soon as possible." Jeva Lange
Among ancient shrines Donald Blakeslee has found, several limestone boulders in Tami and Greg Norwood's backyard stand out.
Sculptors from the Wichita Nation carved the images hundreds of years ago. There are small holes with basins just below them, and from the basins, curved miniature channels, some shaped like stairsteps moving down the sloping face of the stone.
Nobody made much of this rock art, not even previous archaeologists who'd looked at it.
But two years ago, Blakeslee, an anthropologist, stood under the shade of the Norwood's trees, and felt a little flash of recognition.
“It has to do with souls.”
So they picked up their water bottle, and poured.
The water pooled, in basins under the holes. The water filled the little basins, then trickled down the carved channels, which curved around and then came together, or spread out.
He'd discovered an interactive sacred shrine, still functional after four centuries.
“It is in their religion that everything is in three layers — the sky, this world, and the underground — and that water moves between these worlds,” they said.
The shrine was rooted deeply in religious beliefs of the Wichita Nation. Moving water was sacred. Believers also thought they could look into a pool on a moonlit night and talk with spirits and souls in reflections they saw.
Blakeslee keeps finding more images, and thinks it'll be possible to record more about the lost mythology of the Wichita.
Many stones beside springs were sacred. A few feet from the water shrine sits another boulder, with dozens of small, smooth depressions carved into stone. Women hundreds of years ago carved the little holes, filled them with water, then drank that water while saying a prayer for successful pregnancies.
Springs and water pools, especially those coming out of caves, were sacred portals, they said. And that's where the Norwood's boulders come in.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 3:26 United passenger attorney: Airlines have bullied us, and Dao is 'the guy to stand up for passengers' Pause 6:15 Giving the gift of life: Teacher donates a kidney to their principal 1:03 The best airlines of 2017 11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side 2:45 Fort Worth's Touchdown Sports accused of scamming businesses, school districts across U.S. 0:25 Congressman Joe Barton thinks Trump should release their tax returns 3:17 Jeff Banister addresses Sam Dyson after Sunday's loss 1:40 West 7th gets another grocery store Wednesday 1:49 Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, April 12 Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Wichita State professor explores ancient Native American city Wichita State anthropologist Donald Blakeslee talks about the Wichita Indian settlement of Etzanoa, which was discovered near present-day Arkansas City by Spanish explorers in 1602. It is estimated the settlement was home to 20,000 Plains Indians. theying@wichitaeagle.com
The pastures of Rice County and the bluffs and ravines around Arkansas City and Etzanoa are nourished by burbling springs that likely became drinking supplies and sacred shrines.
This has fascinated Gary McAdams, who has held leadership positions with the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes, headquartered in Anadarko, Okla.
Among the ancient Wichita, they said, “Water is transformational — you go into a stream or a spring, and come out transformed. When babies are born, they baptized them with water. They would pray to the spirit in the water, or in the moon.
“And when they were about to do something important, a battle or some other big undertaking, they would go to a nearby stream and bathe, a preparatory thing they would do with prayers.
“They would do that also when someone passes away, the family would make sure to bathe, to get rid of a bad feeling — a cleansing action, to bathe, and do it with prayers.
“Things have changed now.”
You won't find many complaints about the up-tempo style played by a growing number of colleges. With spread formations producing points at unprecedented levels, the college game has never been more entertaining. But walk into an NFL front office or coaches' meeting room and the level of enthusiasm for it is muted. In fact, it's often nonexistent.
“Some of these [college] kids, there are guys who start for four years, and the only time they have their hand in the dirt is if they fall down,” Giants general manager Dave Gettleman said. “They're in two-point stances the whole time, and occasionally you'll see them in a four-point stance on the goal line.”
With quickness and mobility essential for linemen coming out of spread offenses, it has become far more challenging for NFL teams to mold blockers to accommodate the pro game's more conventional approach. To be sure, the NFL has adopted many elements of the spread offense — four-receiver and sometimes five-receiver sets are much more prevalent. But it's still not nearly the same style as many run-and-gun college programs, which makes it increasingly difficult for NFL general managers and scouts to project whether a lineman can make the necessary changes.
“Your [NFL] offensive line coaches have to be great teachers, and you have to get [linemen] as much reps as possible,” Gettleman said. “There's a theory that you need 5,000 reps before you are really ready. It takes time. It's not natural for a 320-pound kid to back up and pass-block. When you evaluate hog mollies, you have to be patient and take your time to look for the things that all the great ones do.”
Ah, the hog mollies — that hearty fish that Gettleman compares to their ideal linemen. They may be the league's biggest proponent of developing blockers as the lifeblood of their team, and it's a big reason they succeeded Jerry Reese. The Giants' line was at the heart of their offensive problems last year, and Reese paid the price with their job, despite having won two Super Bowls over an 11-year tenure.
Reese was confident their starters heading into last season — left tackle Ereck Flowers and right tackle Bobby Hart — could be long-term answers. But both underperformed, and Gettleman promptly released Hart and signed Patriots free agent Nate Solder to replace Flowers, who will try to win the job at right tackle.
“You have to look at all the basics,” Gettleman said. “Do they play with a base? Can they roll their hips? Can they do this? Can they do that? You'll find guys who are in two-point stances who can do that.”
But it's not easy to find them, because many would-be NFL linemen don't play a style that lends itself to the NFL game. Recently enacted rules limiting contact in the offseason, training camp and the regular season make developing them that much more difficult.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“Reps, it's everything,” said former NFL guard Brian Baldinger, an NFL analyst for FOX and the NFL Network. “The more reps you get, the more prepared you're going to be. The only way to become a better right guard is to play right guard. You can't do it by hitting bags in shorts. You can do all the walk-throughs you want and hit the sleds all you want, but until you block people, you're not going to get better.”
This week's draft is considered a mixed bag at offensive line. While there are several highly touted prospects, including Notre Dame linemen Quenton Nelson and Mike McGlinchy, guard Will Hernandez of UTEP and tackles Kolton Miller of UCLA and Orlando Brown of Oklahoma, it's not considered a deep draft for blockers. That may have been a factor in Gettleman's decision to give Solder a four-year, $62-million contract, the biggest ever for a lineman.
But ask the guys up front who are about to find out where they'll play next, and they'll tell you they aren't worried about making the transition to the NFL.
“I feel like I'm pretty well prepared,” Miller said. “[UCLA offensive line coach Hank] Fraley played 11 years in the NFL as a center and brought a lot of knowledge into the O-line room.”
Nelson and McGlinchey have no doubt they can adjust, especially because they've seen former teammates, including Zack Martin of the Cowboys, make the jump.
“I was very fortunate that Zack Martin was the left tackle when I showed up at Notre Dame and I spent a year directly behind him,” McGlinchey said. “I got to learn a lot from him.”
Nelson is considered not only one of the top offensive line prospects, but one of the top prospects, period.
“I think I should be talked of in that regard, the top five conversation, because you have guys that are dominating the NFL right now in Aaron Donald, Geno Atkins and Fletcher Cox that have just been working on interior guys and you need guys to stop them. And I think I'm one of those guys,” Nelson said. “I think I will help the offense establish the run through my nastiness, and establishing the run also opens up the passing game.”
Cardinals GM Steve Keim believes there is depth among the linemen. “I've been impressed not only with the top guys, but the players who could go in the third and fourth rounds and play a role,” Keim said.
There's plenty of optimism, but NFL teams won't know how good — or how incomplete — the linemen of this class are until they put on the pads in a league dramatically different from the college game.
“Really and truly, if you watch the teams that win in the NFL,” Gettleman said, “you have quarterbacks who are making plays from the pocket and you have offensive lines that are running old-school NFL runs.”
Welcome to the big leagues, gentlemen.
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) _ Organizers say 650 Vietnam veterans will be flying free to Washington, D.C., soon to visit memorials in and near the nation's capital.
Bill Williams of Patriotic Productions says four chartered jets will leave early on May 1 from Omaha's Eppley Airfield and return by 8:30 p.m. the same day at Lincoln Airport. Williams says thousands of people are expected to greet and cheer the veterans upon their return from Washington.
Williams says that of the 650 veterans, 55 are Purple Heart recipients.
Former President Barack Obama's in Wicker Park right now- in statue form at least, thanks to local sculptor David Standifer.He's etched creases in Obama's suit coat, wrinkles around the president's eyes, and an American Flag pin into clay; all of it done by hand after Standifer spent several days studying photographs of Obama."If you look at the cheeks and how they move and come down, that's not something everyone has on their smile," Standifer said, looking up at the sculpture's face.Standing at more than six feet tall, this piece is meant to be a life-size representation of America's 44th president. No one paid for this work, yet Standifer said he's spent more than three months on it to date, using about $1,400 worth of materials. The clay is left over from their most recently commissioned piece: a tribute to a World War II veteran."I'm working on one person I admire, their heroism from WWII. It seemed to be a logical step to work with somebody else I admire," Standifer said of their decision to start working on the Obama piece.When complete, he'll have the Obama sculpture molded and then cast in bronze once they have financial backing. They estimate that will cost around $100,000. But before that takes place, Standifer want's input from the former president himself. Specifically, Standifer wants to know whether to include Obama family dog Bo as a presidential puppy or as a fully grown dog.The former instructor at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago called this sculpture a labor of love and says it's an homage to their mother who, like him, admired Obama before they died."This was a president who really tried to bring the country together. Difficult as it was, they never stopped doing that," Standifer said, adding, "I have no doubt she's smiling down now saying 'that's it, that's my son, that's what I wanted to see you do.'"
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They only split from boyfriend of nearly two years Mac Miller earlier this month.
But pop star Ariana Grande has already moved on with new boyfriend Pete Davidson - and they are already Instagram official.
On Wednesday, Saturday Night Live star Pete uploaded a shot of them enjoying a fun day at Harry Potter World, while both sporting branded black robes and jumpers/
Comedian Pete is wearing a grey Gryffindor jumper, while Ariana is sporting a Slytherin one.
A smitten Pete sweetly captioned the shot: "The chamber of secrets has been opened ..."
(Image: Instagram)
The singer wrote underneath the snap: "U tryna slytherin (I'm deleting my account now)."
The pair, both 24, are said to have known each other since Ariana hosted SNL back in 2016.
Ariana and Mac, real name Malcolm McCormick, split earlier this month, though sources said they'd been having trouble for some time.
They later branded their relationship "toxic" and defended their reasons for ending the relationship.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Them rant was in response to a fan who wrote: "Mac Miller totalling their G wagon and getting a DUI after Ariana Grande dumped them for another dude after they poured their heart out on a ten song album to them called the divine feminine is just the most heartbreaking thing happening in Hollywood."
They responded: "How absurd that you minimise female self-respect and self-worth by saying someone should stay in a toxic relationship because they wrote an album about them, which btw isn't the case (just Cinderella is about me)."
They continued: "I am not a babysitter or a mother and no woman should feel that they need to be.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"I have cared for them and tried to support their sobriety and prayed for their balance for years (and always will of course).
"But shaming / blaming women for a man's inability to keep their s*** together is a very major problem. Let's please stop doing that.
"Of course I didn't share about how hard or scary it was while it was happening but it was.
"I will continue to pray from the bottom of my heart that they figure it all out and that any other woman in this position does as well."
(Image: FilmMagic)
(Image: Getty)
The rapper, 26, was jailed for allegedly crashing their white 2016 G-Wagon into a power pole in San Fernando Valley, California, and fleeing the scene - while drunk earlier this month.
New York-based comedian Pete, who was diagnosed with Crohn's disease in their late teens, also recently split from their longtime girlfriend Cazzie David.
“We're not together anymore,” they said in an interview. “Very talented girl, she'll be great and she'll be fine. Yeah, I think she'll be okay.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The real reason that Kylie Jenner is hiding their 'pregnancy' has been exposed as film crews have reportedly been spotted at their house.
It's believed that the 20-year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star is expecting their first child with boyfriend Travis Scott.
The make-up mogul has been mostly absent from the new series of their family's reality show, only further leading to the speculation.
And now it's being reported that the reason she's been MIA for so long is that film crews have been secretly filming a spin-off show detailing their pregnancy and the birth of their baby daughter.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: FilmMagic)
It would be a second series of their show, Life Of Kylie.
A source told RadarOnline : "She's had cameras on their non-stop at home. What people don't know is that Kylie is avoiding the public for a good reason.  They are at home filming their pregnancy in hopes of locking in a second season of their reality show, Life of Kylie.
"She is not at all alone. Aside from their family, they have a cameraman that pretty much lives with them and is going to remain there until after the birth of the baby."
The source told the site that Kylie has gained over 60 pounds in pregnancy weight, saying they can't wait to lose it and get "back to herself".
They added: "It is not that Kylie doesn't want to leave their house. They do. They just thinks that the more mystery they create the higher their chances are of getting a second season. And she's right!
(Image: Getty)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"Kylie said that they don't want people to see them while they are fat and pregnant, but they will not feel that way once they lose baby weight and is hot again."
And a network insider told the site that Kylie and their mum Kris Jenner are awaiting the baby's birth before they review the footage.
They added that the chance of Kylie getting a second series of their show are "really high" thanks to all the publicity their pregnancy has been getting.
Mirror Online has contacted Kylie's representatives for comment.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Kylie is also said to have been eyeing up a mountaintop mega-mansion that dwarfs the local high school.
In aerial shots of the Hidden Hills site, the 15,000 square foot palace on 7 acres of land is the biggest property for miles.
According to TMZ, Kylie is said to be considering purchasing the house that's being built on a mountaintop.
The latest reports come after it was claimed Kylie is splashing out almost £2million on the new pad for them and their baby in the plush Hidden Hills suburb of Los Angeles.
They haven't purchased the property yet, but she's seriously thinking about the move.
The molecular formula of 1-decanol is C10H22O. 1-Decanol is a derivative of oil or natural fat. It is prepared by hydrogenation reaction of decanoic acid. The IUPAC name of 1-Decanol is Dec-1-ol. It has an aromatic odor, density of 0.8297 g/cm3 and boiling point 232.90C. 1-Decanol belongs to a group of long chain aliphatic alcohols within a carbon chain length of C6-24. It possesses solubilizing or emulsifying properties, and can be used as anti-spalling agent in concrete. It is an excellent lubricating agent. 1-Decanol is also used as antifoam and raw material for natural based wetting agents. It is a colorless liquid substance, which is inflammable. 1-Decanol is readily biodegradable and therefore degrades in the environment. The biodegradability of 1-Decanol is expected to boost its usage in personal care and polymer processing applications. However, it is acutely toxic and therefore is harmful for aquatic life. When accumulated in large quantities, it may cause death of aquatic organisms. It causes mild skin irritation when exposed in large quantities to skin. 1-Decanol is also used in cleaning agents and coatings; however, the concentration of 1-decanol is generally low in cleaning agents. The other names of 1- Decanol are Decyl Alcohol; n-Decanol; primary Decyl Alcohol; Decylic Alcohol; n- Decyl Alcohol; Capric Alcohol; and Alcohol C-10.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/1-decanol-market.html
The market for 1-Decanol can be segmented based on end-use applications into plasticizers, lubricants, surfactants, cleaning agents, personal care, and pharmaceutical. It is used as penetration enhancer in transdermal drug delivery in the pharmaceutical industry because of its ability to permeate the skin. It is used as aluminum rolling lubricants, lubricant oil additives, and plastic lubricants in the lubricants industry. 1-Decanol is extensively used in lotions, creams, and conditioners in the personal care industry.
In terms of region, the 1-Decanol market can be segregated into Asia Pacific, North America, Latin America, Middle East & Africa, and Europe. The global market for 1-Decanol is expected to expand. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the dominant region due to the high demand for personal care products. China and India are likely to be the prominent consumers of 1-Decanol in Asia Pacific due to presence of established end-user industries in these countries. Growth in the polymer processing industry in Asia Pacific and North America is also estimated to propel the demand for 1-Decanol. The 1-Decanol market in North America and Europe is expected to expand, led by the increase in demand for beauty products in these regions.
Key players operating in the 1-Decanol market are P&G Chemicals, Sasol, BASF SE, Thai Fatty Alcohol, Kao, Muslim Mas, and Emery Oleochemicals.
Emery Oleochemicals sells products under the brand name EMERCOL, which is a group of natural based fatty alcohols. It is used for various purposes in skin care, sun screens, and toiletries applications. BASF SE provides 1-Decanol, which is nontoxic, non-carcinogenic and is used in various end user applications such as personal care, cleaning agents, and polymer processing.
Companies are adopting aggressive marketing tactics and merger and acquisition strategies to expand their market share. They are also shifting their production facilities to emerging economies in Asia Pacific and Latin America due to the easy availability of land, cheap labor, and governmental subsidies in these regions. Additionally, companies are using export as a tool for geographic expansion in emerging economies in the Middle East & Africa.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20306
The study is a source of reliable data on:
Market segments and sub-segments
Market trends and dynamics
Supply and demand
Market size
Current trends/opportunities/challenges
Competitive landscape
Technological breakthroughs
Value chain and stakeholder analysis
The regional analysis covers:
North America (U.S. and Canada)
Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others)
Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg)
Eastern Europe (Poland and Russia)
Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia, and New Zealand)
Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa)
TAGS
1-Decanol Market
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Katie Price is paranoid that 'sex addict' husband Kieran Hayler will relapse and embark on yet another sordid affair with one of their closest pals, a source close to them has revealed.
Katie's latest torment comes after their children's nanny Nikki Brown finally admitted they did sleep with Kieran on 'three or four occasions,' after previously denying a romance.
It comes just four years after Katie was left heartbroken when their husband's sordid affairs with their best friends Jane Pourtney and Chrissy Thomas were revealed.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Quest Red)
Now Katie is reliving their nightmare all over again after Nikki's confession and is fearing Kieran could do the dirty on them once again, an insider has disclosed to Closer magazine.
"Katie knows she's being paranoid but they can't help it. They look at every woman that Kieran has any interaction with and thinks, 'Will this be the next one Kieran sleeps with?'"
They continued: "She's constantly making up conspiracy theories and if they even see a pal's hand brush against Kieran or a cosy-looking 'hello' kiss she'll jump to conclusions and convince themselves that he's having another affair."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The insider said Katie has even outright accused one of their closest mates of getting intimate with Kieran after seeing them joking around together.
"She quickly apologised and broke down crying, but she's not sure who to trust any more and is living on their nerves, which has worsened since Nikki's admission," they revealed.
Mirror Online has contacted representatives of Katie for comment.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Twitter)
Last week it was revealed that after previously denying Katie and Kieran's allegations, nanny Nikki is to admit to the fling as part of an employment tribunal, in which she's claiming “thousands and ­thousands” of pounds in unpaid wages.
In documents, Nikki, 41, has confirmed that they had sex with Katie's third husband, Kieran.
A source said: “Nikki claims Katie owes their thousands of pounds, which Katie disputes. As part of the tribunal, Nikki is admitting for the first time that the affair took place, confirming they slept together on three or four occasions.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Rex Features)
Meanwhile, Kieran's former girlfriend Laura Alicia Summers has come out to say they think their cheating problems lies with Katie.
Laura, who dated Kieran for four months in 2012, said they believe they took up affairs because they aren't getting enough attention from their wife.
"There's no excuse for cheating, but I can maybe understand why they did it," the Ex On The Beach star claimed.
"The women they cheated with were there for him. They aren't going out and getting validated by female attention, so they turned to the closes possible options to give them that - who happened to be Katie's best friend and nanny."
They continued: "He craves constant female attention and perhaps they aren't getting that at home."
Laura also added they believe it's only a matter of time before Kieran tires of Katie 'humiliating' them and leaves them for good.
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: WENN.com)
Kieran still lives at the family's West Sussex home, along with Katie and the couple's two children, Jett, four, and Bunny, three.
Katie has two children with ex-husband Peter Andre – Junior, 12, and Princess, 10, – and one son from a previous relationship with Dwight Yorke, Harvey, 15, who also lives at the residence.
Katie and Kieran wed in 2013 and renewed their vows last July.
Nikki, who declined to comment, said last year of Katie: “She has read some emails and assumed we're having an affair. Katie wanted a divorce, they want an excuse to get out and blame someone else.”
It has been a year since workers at the largest Amazon warehouse in Dunfermline were found camping out in tents in the woods near the motorway, in an attempt to save some money.
Once again, Amazon is back in the news.
A report by the Sunday Mirror published in November exposed the "brutal" work conditions at an Amazon warehouse in Tilbury, England. According to the Mirror, employees were pushed to the brink by "impossible targets," 55-hour weeks and timed toilet breaks.
Fuelling the outrage sparked by the Mirror's investigation, the management at the Tilbury warehouse reportedly attempted to boost morale among the staff by awarding top-performers with chocolates, worth 7p a piece.
The three main employers in Dunfermline are Sky News, Amazon and the Dockyards. Now that the government has terminated a $1.01 billion contract with Babcock International, the Rosyth Dockyards were forced to make 200 employees redundant. The demand for a stable job in the region has spiked.
Despite this, many people we asked said they would not go back to Amazon, even if there were no other option.
On an eleven-hour shift, employees are permitted two fifteen-minute breaks, as well as half an hour for lunch. The warehouse is the size of eleven football pitches, and employees must walk through security queues to leave the building. Many employees we spoke to found the breaks to be heavily timed and very stressful.
"I worked there for four and a half years. The last year was probably the roughest because the breaks got a lot stricter. You get 15-minute, half an hour break on an eleven-hour shift. If you were one or two seconds late then they would come and find you and ask why you were so late. We started going through 'Daps', which is like a feedback system. Verbal warning, second warning, final warning, dismissal. If you get a warning you will probably get a disciplinary.
I would never go back to them. If you work there you can be classed as just a number.
I've got a knee issue, due to working there. Working in the docks, I lifted something and did some damage to my knee. Instead of taking time off I just continued working on it, and now it is irreparable."
- Ryan, 23
Even if we're 3 minutes late we get a warning. I knew a guy that was 2 minutes late, because there was a blizzard outside. Their manager was not angry, but because they had been late before they had no choice but to sack him.
Julie, 40
Former Project manager at Amazon
I found that at times, the targets were not achievable. My scanner was telling me to collect 140 items an hour, but I was fully aware that whilst going full speed, I was only picking 110 items. The beeper drove me crazy, I heard it in my dreams.
I was there for 9 months. That's the maximum you can do. They told me I could reapply after 6 or 7 weeks, but they didn't accept my application. I've been unemployed since.
I was gonna go back out of desperation, but they wouldn't have me!
Gerald, 37
Ex-Picker at Amazon Dunfermline
According to the news outlet, one worker even had to be taken to hospital by an ambulance when they collapsed on the job.
Others simply slumped asleep where they stood, exhausted from the physically demanding job that sees them walking at least 10 miles a day.
To get a job at the Amazon warehouse in Dunfermline, Scotland, workers must apply through the agency, which handles everything from transport, to payment, and sick leave. Such recruitment agencies are especially good at employing seasonal workers to handle Amazon's busy periods, namely, Black Friday, and the Christmas period.
These workers will be expected to work in the warehouse for just a few months at a time. They are given ten hour shifts (day or night), four days a week- and sometimes will be asked to work longer- Amazon's representative says that all overtime is paid.
Often, seasonal workers will be bussed in from cities as far as Glasgow or Dundee - a two-hour bus ride at least. At the end of the season, contracts will be terminated, and employees can choose to reapply after waiting 4-6 weeks.
The result? Overexhaustion and job insecurity.
One worker told the newspaper: 'Sometimes my roommates cry when they arrive in the dormitory after a long day.'
They said they were made to work illegally long hours for a basic daily wage, as little as £5.20, and that workers were housed in dormitories of up to 24 people a room.
...
Anti-suicide nets were put up around the dormitory buildings on the advice of psychologists.
The AWS Secret Region will allow the 17 intelligence agencies to host, analyze and run applications on government data classified at the secret level through the company's $600 million C2S contract, brokered several years ago with the CIA. AWS already provides a region for the intelligence community's top secret data.
In what many have dubbed a flagrant intervention by Amazon itself to seemingly boost the rating of Hillary Clinton's new book What Happened, the Telegraph first reported, and subsequently many others observed first hand, that Amazon has been monitoring and deleting 1-star reviews of Hillary Clinton's new book "which was greeted with a torrent of criticism on the day it was released."
There's been a lot of news coverage about online retail behemoth Amazon lately, in particular with regards to its treatment of employees. Since that UK report about a 13-year-old girl finding a note with " Help me please, PMP staff are evil " scribbled on their package invoice, a follow-up report looked into workers' conditions at Amazon's UK distribution centers:I don't know about you, but if I'm working a 55-hour week with timed toilet breaks, shipping expensive stuff people don't need, while camping in the woods near the highway because I'm too broke to afford housing, a cheap piece of chocolate really isn't going to do it for me.Well, it gets worse:So basically, the economic situation in Dunfermline is pretty dire and even though many are financially desperate, they still wouldn't return to Amazon.com to work. Says a lot, don't you think?Ryan's not the only one describing sweatshop-like working conditions, either:And it gets worse:It's more than a little reminiscent of the treatment of Foxconn workers making Apple iPhones and iPads in China:Another amazing thing about Amazon is that it has never turned a profit (read: no stock dividends to stock owners), so undoubtedly a large number of its ventures lose money. Their 'Prime' program, with free shipping for anything and free movies and TV? That has got to be losing money.So why do it? Because by cutting costs left and right they can beat the competition. Do that for long enough, as they have been doing for years, and. What happens when stores near you can no longer compete with Amazon? Nearly every retail store (and even a number of other business ventures), whether they realize it or not, are competing with Amazon. All Amazon needs is a large retail operation (like its recent purchase of Whole Foods ) and to put enough malls out of business and buy them up on the cheap to setup micro-warehouses with drone deliveries.At that point, they can then raise their prices to whatever they want, and pay and treat their employees any way they want, because they'll be the only game in town.And that isn't the only evil thing Amazon's been doing It would appear that Amazon is now running the server infrastructure for all of the 'Deep State's' nefarious operations.And while they're at it, they're scrubbing negative reviews for the latest book by the "Original Swamp Thing", Deep State puppet Hillary Clinton:
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pep Guardiola is thinking about bringing Jack Wilshere to Manchester City this summer, according to Barcelona legend Xavi .
City boss Guardiola has been a massive fan of Arsenal man Wilshere since midfielder dominated against their Barça side in a 2011 Champions League clash.
Wilshere is currently on a season loan at Bournemouth after Arsene Wenger challenged them to prove their fitness.
The England star missed almost all of last season with a calf injury and has previously struggled with foot, ankle and knee layoffs in recent problem plagued years - but has made 22 appearances this campaign.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Guardiola heaped praise on Wilshere ahead of their side's trip to the Cherries this week saying, "He's lucky to play regularly for one season and they are going to be back to being one of the best midfield players in England by far.
"He's quality, he's smart and has the quality on the ball. They have a special quality with the ball, dribbling as a holding-midfielder to attack central defenders -- it's not easy to do that."
And Xavi revealed Guardiola could make a bid for Wilshere when their stint on the south coast ends.
"I know Pep has always had a lot of respect for Wilshere - they impressed so many of the Barcelona team when we played Arsenal in 2011," Xavi told Fox Latin America .
(Photo: Getty Images)
"He impressed me a lot that night, I know they also did Pep and it will be a player that they would have been following ever since.
"We have talked about him, it was not a performance you forget easily.
"Technically they are the sort of player that Pep loves - their only problem has been injuries - and if it wasn't for the issues they have had with injuries I am sure they would be one of the best midfield players in the world.
"At the moment they seem to be doing well with their fitness - and if there is a chance to sign them in the summer - I am sure Pep will give it real consideration."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Six people in Yorkshire have died after Easter after it is feared they fell victim to a deadly ‘rogue' heroin.
Officers were forced to act this weekend, after six deaths within 48 hours. A coroner's investigation is underway into each death.
Four people died in the Barnsley area and two more in Leeds and Normanton over Easter.
They are all feared to have taken a ‘super strength' heroin before they died.
In the latest deaths, officers found a 36-year-old man's body at a property in Compton View, Leeds at about 8.20am on Saturday.
(Photo: Getty)
Then just three hours later paramedics were called to a 27-year-old man with breathing problems in Park Green, Normanton. They died at the scene.
These deaths came within 24 hours of the discovery of the bodies of three men and a woman at separate addresses in Barnsley, South Yorkshire on Good Friday.
Det Chief Inspector Jim Dunkerley, said: “We do believe these deaths are Class A drugs-related.”
The force said it was aware of warnings issued by other police forces about unusually strong heroin in circulation.
Police are waiting for toxicology results to confirm the cause of their deaths.
Class A drugs include heroin, cocaine, including crack, methadone, ecstasy, LSD, and magic mushrooms.
“It seems prudent to issue a warning now to local drugs users”, added Det Ch Insp Dunkerley.
South Yorkshire Police said it was not officially linking the deaths, but warned drug users to exercise caution.
Temporary Chief Inspector Ian Proffitt said the force was trying to establish a possible link to the strength or content of heroin being sold locally.
“For four deaths to occur in similar circumstances in a small time period and in a relatively small geographical area is unusual,” they said.
“The public should exercise caution if they come into contact with controlled drugs, particularly heroin, or heroin derivatives.
“If you experience any unusual symptoms after taking drugs, seek medical attention immediately.”
(Photo: Getty)
A 37-year old man and a 42-year-old man arrested on suspicion of supplying controlled drugs have been released on bail.
South Yorkshire Police is urging anyone with information about the illegal supply of drugs to contact them.
Figures released last September revealed drug deaths in Yorkshire were at an all-time high.
Government statistics revealed that 297 deaths from drug poisonings were registered in Yorkshire in 2015, a figure up 50 per cent from 195 in 2014.
Nationwide, there were 3,674 drug poisoning deaths registered in England and Wales in 2015, the highest since records began in 1993.
Rangers' manager Jeff Banister doesn't have to go United on Sam Dyson but one more blown save by their closer this month and Ray Davis themselves may reallocate the pitcher to Double A.
One more blown save by Dyson this month and no amount of Pepsi is going to save him.
Banister did right by their guy by giving them another chance on Sunday in Seattle, and now they have to do right by their team by going to someone else.
In a six-month season a manager must stick by their guys who have consistently put up numbers or risk clubhouse revolt. But this Dyson skid is not the equivalent of Rougned Odor swinging their way through an 0-for-21 streak.
Dyson has blown a season's worth of saves in the first two weeks of the season. In their six appearances this season, only once has they not permitted a base runner.
Dyson is costing their team wins that even in a season as long as baseball are eventually precious. As a veteran, Dyson gets it and even they know they must be Shawn Tolleson'd.
In 4.1 innings this season, Sam Dyson has allowed 14 hits and 13 earned runs. Their ERA is 27.00
Dyson is good enough to earn the job back but now is no time for tryouts.
This is a scary thought: Matt Bush will make or break the Rangers in 2017, which illustrates just how shaky this whole operation was from the moment the team began spring training.
And that is completely on the general manager/president of baseball operations, who has spent their team into playoff contention but not World Series contention.
It is on Jon Daniels to fix their $175 million payroll team and, by the looks of it, they need your prayers because they are stuck with these players.
Bush should be the team's closer. They have the best stuff in the bullpen, complete with the power necessary to strikeout the side, like they did Sunday on 11 pitches in the eighth inning.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 0:26 Storms drop heavy rains on Tarrant County Pause 2:49 Harris not sure he'll be back with Mavs 1:16 Dak Prescott on Tony Romo 2:48 Dallas Cowboys Dak Prescott goes to the Mud Bug Bash 11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, April 12 1:58 Rangers closer Sam Dyson talks after latest blown save 0:43 Thieves posing as water dept. employees trick an elderly woman and steal from their 0:31 Arlington Police's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, April 13 3:17 Jeff Banister addresses Sam Dyson after Sunday's loss Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Jeff Banister addresses Sam Dyson after Sunday's loss Texas Rangers manager Jeff Banister said that the ninth inning got away from Sam Dyson on Sunday beginning with the first batter (video by Jeff Wilson). jwilson@star-telegram.com
The Rangers' 10 errors are tied for the fifth most in MLB.
But no one knows if they can do it over the course of a season because he's never done it. Standing at 5-foot-9 and 180 pounds, they do not possess prototypical size, either.
And now he's dealing with a shoulder issue that required a cortisone shot.
Jeremy Jeffress is another version of a Dyson; he's not a strikeout guy, but while in Milwaukee they were decent as a closer.
Although JD said Keone Kela “is an option,” they can't be trusted until they demonstrate he's a trust-worthy adult. After this talented hot-head's well-earned demotion to the minors, he's allowed five hits in four innings at Triple A Round Rock.
It's Matt Bush, or it's Matt Bush.
At this point Sam Dyson should not see the ninth inning until they prove to their teammates and themselves that they can get guys out. At all. Their confidence has to be shot, and their teammates' confidence in them can't be too far behind.
In fairness to JD, Banister, pitching coach Doug Brocail and Dyson, there were no signs that they were set to toss batting practice once the regular season began.
The Rangers' payroll of $175.3 million is the sixth highest in MLB.
In three spring training appearances for the Rangers, they didn't allow a run. In five appearances for Team USA in the World Baseball Classic, they struckout four and did not allow a hit, a walk or a run.
Relievers routinely blow hot and cold and it's simply a matter of time when they lose it. As evidenced by their season so far, Dyson has lost it. With a salary of $3.5 million, the team could flush them but he's been too good to evict because of a rotten start.
That said, to put the third-worst start in baseball all on Dyson is incorrect.
One of the least appreciated strengths of the Rangers in each of the last two seasons has been the fact it plays in the weakest division in baseball. Law of averages says eventually the American League West was no longer going to be a dog. If the Astros, Mariners and Angels are improved, a third consecutive Rangers AL West title is not happening.
The defense, a problem each of the last two years, looks to be the same, and third baseman Adrian Beltre is still hurt.
And now their bullpen is a mess.
JD, you built it. Now you fix it.
(ANSA) - Rome, July 4 - The autonomous provinces of Trento and Bolzano, followed by Tuscany, Lombardy, Friuli Venezia Giulia, Emilia Romagna and Veneto are the regions where the national health system performs best, according to a new report from Rome's Tor Vergata University out Wednesday. The worst-performing regions in a report that confirmed a big North-South gap were Sicily, Molise, Puglia, Basilicata, Campania, Calabria and, in last place, Sardinia.
BEIJING: China on Tuesday highly commended the tremendous efforts made by Pakistan to fight terrorism and offered to further enhance its cooperation with Pakistan to completely wipe out this menace.
“We highly appreciate the tremendous efforts made by Pakistan to fight terrorism and extremism and stand ready to further enhance cooperation with Pakistan in this regard,” Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Geng Shuang remarked during a regular press briefing here.
When asked to comment on the recent suicide bomb blast in Lahore that caused heavy casualties and injuries during a public rally they said, “China opposes terrorism in all manifestations and strongly condemns the terrorist attack in the city of Lahore.”
On resignation announcement of the US National Security Adviser, Michael Flynn, they said, “It was internal affairs of the United States and they were not going to make comments on that.”
Responding to a question regarding the US's consideration to a new exchange rate tactic aimed to avoid China-US confrontation, the spokesperson said, “China did not deliberately devalue the RMB in order to gain an export edge. There was no basis for continuous depreciation of the RMB.”
“China will continue to advance the reform of the RMB exchange rate formation regime and keep the RMB exchange rate basically stable at a reasonable and equilibrium level,” they added.
The spokesperson hoped that relevant parties view issues related to the RMB exchange rate in an objective light.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Them on-off boyfriend is the future Queen's brother and Harrods is practically their corner shop, yet Donna Air is as Geordie as you'd expect from a Newcastle lass who began their career in kids show Byker Grove.
And, believe it or not, those vowels are pretty controversial...
Dancing on Ice viewers swamped social media when they first appeared on the show demanding to know why their native accent had returned after being replaced in previous TV appearances by plummy Knightsbridge tones.
Could it be our Donna, who has lived in London for many years, was trying to woo the great British public?
Who knows. But their voice this week is true Tyne, albeit softly spoken, as they talk of needing a cuppa to skate through the pain of a newly cracked rib.
It was caused by one of skating partner Mark Hanretty's lifts and is apparently an occupational hazard.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
They shrug: “Your brain is so occupied you are not thinking about the pain. It's only next morning I feel a bit bashed.
“But I'm from the North so there's not a lot you can't fix with a cup of tea.”
So far, Donna's not sounding much like their public persona.
Despite news of their break-up with the Duchess of Cambridge's brother James Middleton last year, they were on their arm for the society wedding of their sister Pippa and the pair are rumoured to be back together.
(Image: ITV)
But it's clear the 38-year-old has a gutsy core from their working-class roots. They led them to make the choices they did in their youth – getting into acting at 10, then joining sugary pop duo Crush and posing for their fair share of lads mags.
They admit some choices were wrong and that their path isn't what she'd want for daughter Freya, 14.
The bus mechanic's daughter ­explains: “I didn't grow up with a fancy education or lots of choices. I grabbed ­opportunities as they came along.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“That was right for me but it's not nec­­­essarily right for, say, my daughter. I made lots of mistakes but you can only do what feels right at the time.”
As a young, attractive girl keen to get ahead – like so many stars who have come forward since #MeToo was launched – they hint there were moments they aren't exactly comfortable with.
They insist they don't want to highlight any but concedes: “Both sexes can always end up in situations where there might be an unwanted advance.
“You have to learn from that. You have to educate women and men that it's ok to stand up and say how you feel.”
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
They have a certain sympathy for the skimpily dressed darts and F1 grid girls dumped this week in the wake of the ongoing sexism storm – perhaps because they understand why some women choose these jobs.
“It's not so black and white,” they say. “No one should do something that doesn't feel right.
“That's what it's about, not whether you walk around in a bikini or not.
“Women have to fight for what they have and do and should be valued for what they say, who they are, not who they go out with.
“We still live in a slightly sexist society but it's changing and I'm very happy for my daughter – they are a lot stronger and more self-assured than I was at that age.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Strong and assured is certainly what Donna is today. Them spell so far on the ice rink proves it.
Despite the cracked rib they have been hovering at the top of the leader board thanks to routines using their slender 5ft 8in frame to great effect.
Partner Mark is clearly besotted. They gush: “She has such tenacity. If they had started at seven they would have been a professional skater for sure. Them ability to go through pain is quite impressive.”
But instead, aged 10, Donna was plucked from obscurity to star with other soon-to-be big names like Ant and Dec and Jill Halfpenny in BBC children's drama Byker Grove. It transformed their life. When they left they joined duo Crush, toured the world and then returned to present MTV and The Big Breakfast.
(Image: BBC)
Since then, acting and presenting roles have been sporadic and they have launched various businesses including in fashion and jewellery.
Meeting multi-millionaire ­aristocrat Damian Aspinall, their long-term ex and Freya's father, helped them to their affluent Knightsbridge lifestyle.
They were reportedly introduced by socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson and Donna didn't know Damian was son of animal park owner John Aspinall.
The pair split in 2007 because, it was rumoured, of commitment issues. Accusations of gold- digging were bandied by some but today Donna insists they were never aware of them.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
They laugh them off, along with the jibes they used to get about being an airhead – a not particularly amusing play on their name. It's clear she's not.
Addressing the latter, they laugh: “That's really funny. I haven't been called that in about 20 years.
“I don't have any doubts about that. I run two businesses and I have four jobs. You couldn't do that if you didn't have a brain.”
The former? “I have always earned my own money,” they say, sharply. Nevertheless, they admit they are surprised to be getting such public support on Dancing on Ice.
(Image: PA)
And they sound genuinely, ­endearingly humble about it and their chances of winning. “We have a lot of love which I'm really surprised about,” they say. “Everything is bonus time for me. We are thrilled to still be doing it. I never for one moment imagined I'd be able to stand up.”
But standing up they are, thanks to hours of practice each day. Which, as well as resulting in a cracked rib, is also causing them to shrink.
“I have always been a bit of a skinny minnie but I eat like a bit of a horse,” they say. “I am trying to fatten myself up. I don't want to get too thin.”
But Donna's clearly dedicated to the show. So dedicated that they simply cannot, perhaps conveniently, consider life “beyond the ice”.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
So that rules out thoughts of marriage to James or otherwise, more kids or indeed attending anyone else's wedding – even certain royal nuptials set for next year. As James Middleton's partner it's likely she'd be on the guest list but they will only laugh sweetly: “I haven't really thought about life after ice at the moment.
“I don't remember what it was like before and I'm not sure what it will look like after. I just don't want to break anything!”
Then, in their warmest Geordie, they finish: “Thanks to everyone voting for Mark and me – we are having an absolute ball.”
As they say, she's no longer a shy girl keen to please but a confident woman.
Thirty years in the business have taught Donna exactly how to handle herself.
CLOSE Raw video: snow fall at Rehoboth Beach Jason Minto/The News Journal/USA TODAY
Eric Stewardson (left) and John Calloway each were charged with 24 felony and misdemeanor crimes including: five counts of third-degree burglary; three counts of theft under $1,500.00; four counts of possession of burglar tools; five counts of criminal mischief under $1,000; five counts of second-degree conspiracy; and two counts of theft greater than $1,500. (Photo: DSP)
Two Dagsboro men are in custody on charges related to burglaries of local businesses and churches which police said occurred over a month time frame.
Troopers on Friday responded to Pine Ridge Barns, located at 27171 Dagsboro Road in Millsboro, regarding a burglary that occurred overnight. Police said the thieves forced their way into two storage sheds and stole a golf cart, a Kubota UTV and an air compressor, along with other tools.
Employees spent Friday checking the local area for the stolen property and found the golf cart near the train tracks just north of Thorogoods Road in Dagsboro, police said.
More: Another county drama that cost taxpayers $135,000
Police said 19-year-old Eric Stewardson was seen with the cart and fled when confronted by the employees. They were followed into the Holiday Acres development where they were arrested by a Dagsboro police officer.
Police said they linked Stewardson and 18-year-old John Calloway to burglaries at High Tuide Church, Spirit of Excellence Ministry and the Family Butcher Shop, along with the Pine Ridge Barns thefts.
Stewardson and Calloway each were charged with 24 felony and misdemeanor crimes including: five counts of third-degree burglary; three counts of theft under $1,500.00; four counts of possession of burglar tools; five counts of criminal mischief under $1,000; five counts of second-degree conspiracy; and two counts of theft greater than $1,500.
Both subjects were committed to the Sussex Correctional Institution in lieu of $20,400 secured bonds.
More: Millsboro neighbors: How long have we been drinking tainted water?
Contact Adam Duvernay at aduvernay@delawareonline.com or (302) 319-1855 or @duvINdelaware.
Read or Share this story: http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2017/12/11/dagsboro-men-charged-church-business-burglaries/939677001/
Tiger Nation 8-10-17
This week on Tiger Nation we talk with Athletic Director Derek Zander.
Jarring as it may have been to see Texans quarterback Tom Savage lying on the ground with their hands twitching after a brutal hit in the end zone, what happened moments later was every bit as disturbing.
Savage came back onto the field.
The NFL's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston's 26-16 loss to the 49ers. Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine that the quarterback did, indeed, have a concussion and remove them from the game.
The fact that Savage was allowed back in after being thrown to the ground by Elvis Dumervil of the 49ers — their hands twitching as they laid directly underneath referee John Hussey — will lead to more questions this week about how the NFL handles head trauma. The NFL requires two trained spotters in the press box, a team doctor and an unaffiliated neurotrauma consultant on the sideline to help diagnose concussions.
"They try and make the best decision for the player," Texans coach Bill O'Brien said.
More to the point was this from Chris Nowinski , a longtime critic of the NFL's handling of concussions: "Disgusted that the Houston Texans allowed Tom Savage to return to the game after two plays after showing these horrifying concussion signs (is that a seizure?) after a head impact," Nowinski tweeted.
In case you missed it, here are the other top topics after the NFL season's 14th Sunday:
BIG WIN, BIGGER LOSS: The Eagles clinched the NFC East with a 43-35 win over the Rams, but may have lost quarterback Carson Wentz to a knee injury in the process. Wentz took Mark Barron's helmet to their left knee while diving into the end zone for a touchdown that was called back because of a holding penalty. Wentz is scheduled to have an MRI on Monday to evaluate the severity of the injury. Two people familiar with the injury told Associated Press that Wentz tore their ACL and would be out for the season. The people did not want their names used because they were not authorized to discuss the injury. Other QBs hurt Sunday were Marcus Mariota of the Titans (knee) and Josh McCown of the Jets (hand).
BIG BEN: Ben Roethlisberger became the first quarterback to throw for 500 yards in three games and the Steelers, after squandering an early 14-point lead, rallied from 11 down for a 39-38 win over Baltimore. Roethlisberger's numbers: 44 for 66 for 506 yards and two touchdowns. Roethlisberger's previous 500-yard games came in 2014 (522 yards vs. Colts) and 2009 (503 vs. Packers).
SNOW DAY: Snowball fight! On a day like this, Bills linebacker Ryan Davis could hardly resist. Davis scooped up handfuls of the white stuff and started pelting teammates to celebrate a sack. It was one of dozens of must-see moments from Buffalo's 13-7 overtime win over Indianapolis that will be remembered for one thing: snow. Fans built snowmen in the stands, players did snow angels on the field and all 11 members of the Colts special teams — plus some sideline personnel who were later removed from the field by officials — had to kick away piles of ankle-high snow to clear a spot for Adam Vinatieri to try the game-tying extra point late in the fourth quarter.
Scroll for more content...
Embattled FBI agent Peter Strzok may not comply with a House Judiciary Committee subpoena requiring that they appear for a second round of questioning early next week, their lawyer told CNN's Chris Cuomo on Tuesday.
The committee had issued the subpoena for Strzok earlier on Tuesday.
Asked on "Cuomo Prime Time" whether their client will comply with the subpoena, attorney Aitan Goelman said, "My client will testify soon, somewhere, sometime. We just got this subpoena today, so I don't know whether or not we are going to be testifying next Tuesday in front of these two particular House subcommittees."
Goelman, when asked by Cuomo why they did not respond with an "automatic yes," replied, "Because we have come to the conclusion, forced to come to the conclusion, that this is not a search for truth, it is a chance for Republican members of the House to preen and posture before their most radical, conspiracy-minded constituents."
"From our experience with the committee thus far, it is obvious that they don't want the truth. They don't want to hear what Pete has to say," they added.
Strzok, formerly the No. 2 counterintelligence official at the FBI, has been lambasted by Republican lawmakers for the mountain of text messages they exchanged with former FBI lawyer Lisa Page disparaging then-candidate Donald Trump during the time the pair worked on the investigations into Hillary Clinton's private email server and potential collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign.
Despite saying Strzok may not comply with the subpoena to testify Tuesday, Goelman said Strzok is eager to testify in an open forum.
"Pete has been silent; he's been cooperating with the inspector general. He's been doing what he's supposed to, and now they want a chance to actually talk to the American people," Goelman said.
Strzok was interviewed last week for 11 hours, behind closed doors in both unclassified and classified settings, after House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte initially slapped them with a subpoena to testify last month, although the two sides ultimately agreed to a voluntary interview and the subpoena was withdrawn.
Goelman also criticized members of the Judiciary Committee for allegedly leaking details of that interview while it was still in progress.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ellie Nightingale will be shocked tonight when they discover that they are pregnant with their boyfriend's baby.
They discover the truth after becoming ill and collapsing at work, resulting in them being taken to hospital.
During tonight's episode of Hollyoaks, Ellie is rushed to hospital by boyfriend Sami.
However they end up leaving them there alone as they struggle over guilt following events earlier in the week.
This means that Ellie undergoes tests alone and is then shocked to find out that they are pregnant.
But Sami isn't around, which means that Ellie is forced to make some huge decisions without him.
Later, while alone, Sami comes to the conclusion that Ellie is better off without them and decides to leave Hollyoaks for good.
Sami tells their family that they will be moving to London after securing a new job.
Will Ellie be able to stop them from going? And how will they react when they find out about the baby?
*Hollyoaks airs tonight at 7pm on E4
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arian Grande is set to appear as a virtual character in the smartphone game Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius .
The pop star posted on Instagram to reveal their virtual character appearance, saying it's the "cutest" character she's ever seen.
The rabbit-eared avatar looks like it was based on Grande's Dangerous Woman music video and the cover art for their latest album.
This will be the first time a character in a Final Fantasy game has existed outside of its own virtual world.
However, celebrities have been involved in the franchise before - Leona Lewis's song "My Hands" was selected as the official theme song of Final Fantasy XIII .
Ariana Grande left feeling "sick and objectified" after run-in with male fan and says she's "not a piece of meat"
Since the free-to-play Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius game was released in Japan back in 2015, over eight million gamers have played it across iOS and Android.
Grande certainly seems happy about the new character as they posted on Instagram: “I'm so excited and in love with it I cannot contain myself.”
The Final Fantasy gaming series started way back in 1987 and has since had many sequels plus adaptations for films, soundtracks and even books.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of a young boy who was 'crushed under a store display' in Topshop have paid tribute to their "loving, cheeky, energetic boy."
Tragic Kaden Reddick suffered severe head injuries and died after the horrific accident on the first day of half-term.
Two days after their death at the store in Reading's Oracle shopping centre, their family have released a heartbreaking tribute to the little boy.
In a statement released through Thames Valley Police, Kaden's family described them as an "adventurous" and "creative boy" who wanted to become a teacher.
“Kaden was a loving, cheeky, energetic boy whose death will leave a huge empty hole in the lives of everybody that knew him. Our house feels empty without him.
“Kaden loved family holidays, with swimming being their favourite pastime. They were always the first one in any pool or the sea. It didn't matter how cold it was, they would jump in, trying to get everyone to join him.
“Kaden was a very creative boy, who loved school. They were going to be helping with making the props for the next school play, and they had set up their bedroom as a classroom to play with their siblings, labelling their room Strawberry class. They were also adventurous; loving to play outside on their bike, or with their friends in the woods.
“For us the saddest part of Kaden's death is that they will never be able to fulfil their potential. They were looking forward to driving their older brothers moped, driving a car, becoming a teacher, or visiting impossibly distant countries to them such as China. It is so hard to comprehend they will never do these things.
“Kaden will be forever remembered by us; with them looking down from the stars, and us looking up and smiling at all of our loving memories of him. They were much loved by all of their family and friends, and will be hugely missed by their siblings, and everyone else who was touched by their warmth and love.”
Kaden's family have requested that at this time of tragedy they are allowed to grieve privately.
Topshop has since recalled all display stands at tills "as a safety precaution" with "immediate effect" after the schoolboy was crushed when one fell on top of him.
Meanwhile, one employee of the retail giant has claimed the till display barrier should not have been able to fall if it was properly secured to the floor.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Scene at Oracle Shopping Centre after fatal Topshop accident Share this video Watch Next
It is believed Kaden may have somehow pulled the heavy display unit onto themselves at a branch of the clothing giant in Reading.
Located near the tills, the display barriers usually contain smaller items such as socks, purses, hair accessories and sometimes sweets.
One Topshop employee told The Sun a 'company wide' order had been sent out to remove the till displays.
The staff member added: "That [one that toppled over] shouldn't be possible as they should be properly fixed to the floor."
A spokesperson for Topshop confirmed: "Further to the recent incident in Reading, as a safety precaution we have decided to remove all the till barrier units in question from our stores across the country with immediate effect."
Thames Valley Police say detectives are continuing to investigate the accident which happened at the Oracle Shopping Centre.
Onlookers were left in tears as paramedics rushed to treat Kaden on the floor of the Topshop at around 4pm.
They were then rushed to hospital but died hours later.
The store remained closed for business on Tuesday.
(Photo: INS News +44 (0) 1189440600)
Kaden's parents, Lisa Cooper Mallett and Ian Reddick, were last night being comforted by family and friends.
Kaden's aunt Chantelle, who lives in Plymouth, confirmed their nephew's death and added: "Kaden only ever made me laugh and smile.
"He had an infectious personality and the world is now truly missing the sweetest boy it could have asked for.
"I just want people to know, on this Valentine's, to take life by the horns because literally every second is sacred.
"Kaden never knew how many people truly loved him."
Another auntie Chantellie Lace paid tribute to Kaden on Facebook.
They wrote: "My heart has been breaking from the moment I got the news and it hits home how fickle life really is.
"Never take anything for granted because it can disappear so quickly.
"From naming my cat Merlin to stealing my DS for an entire evening, Kaden only ever made me laugh and smile.
"He had an infectious personality and the world is now truely missing the sweetest boy it could have asked for."
Witness Erika Fabiane Silva told of the moment they were asked to leave the shop.
(Photo: PA)
They wrote on Facebook that they were at the store when the accident happened.
They said: “They asked for us to get out of the door and the people that were inside were all crying.”
They described it as an “accident with furniture” and said that the youngster had “hurt their head”.
A lone Police Community Support Officer and a security guard were posted on a scene watch outside the store on Tuesday although the shop was closed for business.
Roller shutters were pulled half-down over the entrance to the shop as customers were turned away from the first floor outlet at the Oracle, alongside the River Kennet.
Thames Valley Police said the boy's death is being treated as unexplained but not suspicious.
In a statement the force said the child "suffered serious head injuries after an incident involving a store display barrier".
Detective Superintendent Paul Hayles said: "We are supporting the boy's family to assist them at this very difficult time.
"We continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding this death.
"A scene watch is in place at the Topshop store and is likely to be in place for some time."
"Detectives are now working with the local authority and the store owners to gather all of the information on how this incident happened."
Officers are working with Reading Borough Council, which has responsibility for health and safety issues in retail outlets in the town.
A spokesperson for the council said: "As the enforcing authority for health and safety within retail premises, we will be working closely with the police, who are, at present, leading on the investigation.
"We are contacting all parties involved in order to carry out our investigation into this tragic incident."
A spokesperson for the Health and Safety Executive said that the organisation did not have the powers to investigate in shops at the Oracle.
A pathologist was due to carry out a postmortem examination before the case is passed to the corner.
Cold Spring Harbor's girls lacrosse team mustered only six goals March 29 in losing by one to Wantagh. The top-seeded Seahawks nearly tripled that Wednesday night, defeating third-seeded Wantagh, 17-4, at Adelphi's Motamed Field for the Nassau Class C championship.
The Seahawks had seven goals in the first nine minutes. With a 12-2 lead and a running clock by halftime, they proved they have turned the corner.
“Throughout the season, we really worked hard. We just kept winning and winning,” said Caroline DeBellis, who had a game-high six goals. “We finished everything strong today from start to finish.”
DeBellis' backhand sling gave Cold Spring Harbor (16-2) a 7-0 lead. They scored once more during a 5-0 run at the beginning of the second half, giving the Seahawks their largest lead at 17-2. Kayla Conway scored all four goals for Wantagh (6-8).
DeBellis had help, as Sophia DeRosa had four goals and three assists, and Grace Tauckus had three goals and an assist. Nicole Mormile had a team-high four assists. Cold Spring Harbor outshot Wantagh 26-7.
“Coming into today, we just had to realize that we've seen all the progress we've made since we played them,” DeRosa said. “That game wasn't a good game for us. “
None of the offense would have been possible without the draw team, which coach Danielle Castellane said has gotten better as the season has progressed.
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Tauckus and Sophia Taglich split duty inside the circle, while Mormile and DeRosa raced after the 50-50 balls outside the circle. Cold Spring Harbor won 16 of the 22 draws.
“There's not a practice that goes by that we don't practice draws,” Castellane said. “I think a lot of people forget that it's the most important part of the game. It gives you possession.”
Cold Spring Harbor awaits the winner of Thursday's Mount Sinai-Westhampton game in the Long Island Class C championship, which will be played at Islip on Sunday at noon.
Wednesday was the culmination of a season's worth of work. Castellane said, “You always want to be better in May than you are in March,” and DeRosa is confident the Seahawks have what it takes.
Said DeRosa: “Today we just pulled it all together and realized that this is a team that could possibly go all the way.”
The sea of unsung heroes in Southwest Oklahoma swells by the year, and Wydon Warren has humbly ridden every wave.
The 81-year-old Duke native found their home in Lawton 63 years ago and hasn't stopped working to improve the community since. Whether it's church work, volunteer service or a simple favor for a friend, Warren is sure to lend a helping hand.
"I always tell people, 'Don't ever ask me if you don't want me to say yes,'" Warren said with a smile. "I've always been the person who loves doing everything."
That grit and go-getter attitude began at an early age. Warren was the daughter of wheat farmers, they said, and every summer they would venture north with their siblings and parents' to cut wheat for others when their own fields were cleared. It was a family affair, from hauling the work trailers to preparing the evening meals.
"It helped shaped my work ethic, you know, because we were always expected to work," they said. "Even though I never had to work in the fields, I helped do the washing and the cooking and the laundry. It was a real experience for me."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Victoria Derbyshire revealed that their cancer diagnosis prompted them to ask their long-term partner to marry them - a day after doctors confirmed they had the disease.
The TV presenter, 49, told how an inverted nipple led them to seek an official diagnosis, and explained that they knew instinctively that they had breast cancer for the five days it took their GP to confirm it.
"I felt like I had been crushed by a giant fist, completely battered, then I was composed," Victoria explained to the audience at the Cheltenham Literature Festival, where they were promoting their new book, Dear Cancer, Love Victoria.
"I clicked into practical and pragmatic to cope with cancer."
(Image: Victoria Derbyshire)
But the diagnosis made them think realistically about their future - and they decided they wanted to make things official with Mark Sandell, their partner of 15 years.
"My first official day of living with cancer was Saturday August 1 2015 and I woke up and I suddenly remembered I've got cancer," they said, according to Herald Scotland.
"So I got up and went downstairs and Mark is already working at their laptop and I announced to them that I thought we had been together for 15 years and we should get married."
(Image: Victoria Derbyshire)
(Image: Victoria Derbyshire)
They went on: "But I said to him: 'I do not want you to marry me just because you feel sorry for me.' They looked at me intently, he's been married before, and they said with a completely straight face: 'I think marriage is overrated to be honest.'
"It completely broke the tension and we laughed and, yeah, one day we will get married… but I'm not telling you when."
Victoria, who has two boys - Oliver and Joe - with Mark, praised them for how well they coped looking after them and their family while they were ill.
In their book, they recall the guilt they felt that Mark had to take care of everything while they were too ill to leave their bed during their chemotherapy.
They would accompany them to hospital while they were undergoing the treatment and sit with them on their iPad or go to get the family's shopping in while they were hooked up to the IV.
"What was in my head the whole time was 'I can do this because I am not going to die. Of course I can do the treatment because the alternative is death'," they told the crowd.
"I am one of the lucky ones, and that is always in my head."
Police say unidentified thrill-seekers used tarps to change the spelling of the landmark
WASHINGTON DC, USA – The famed Hollywood sign high in the hills over Los Angeles got a little higher on Sunday, January 1 when someone altered two of its letters to make it read "Hollyweed."
Police said unidentified thrill-seekers had climbed up and arranged tarps over the two letter "O's" to make them look like "E's," CBS affiliate KCAL reported.
Each letter is 45 feet (13.7 meters) high, so the feat would have required not just bravado but considerable athleticism.
The daring act may have been taken in celebration of a measure approved in November, when California voters passed an amendment legalizing recreational use of marijuana.
A police spokesperson said surveillance cameras might help them identify the culprit or culprits; the act was being treated as a case of misdemeanor trespassing.
It was not the first such incident since the sign was first erected in 1923 – at the time as "Hollywoodland" – to advertise a local real estate development.
Perhaps not coincidentally, the same lettering change to the sign was made exactly 41 years ago, when a California law relaxing penalties for marijuana use took effect.
That alteration turned out to be the work of a college art student, one Danny Finegood.
Along with friends, they later returned to the sign on Easter Day 1976 to make it read "Holywood," and they changed it again in 1990 to read "Oil War" in protest of the Persian Gulf conflict.
Finegood's original handiwork, which they considered an act of environmental sculpture, was done for an art class project, the Los Angeles Times reported.
Using $50 in sheets and ropes, they and three friends made the change – and Finegood received an "A" from their art teacher.
But while they might have inspired the latest act of hillside mischief, Finegood cannot be blamed for it. They died in 2007, aged 52.
Largely because of their work, however, Los Angeles officials increased security around the sign, installing a fence, alarms and eventually a closed-circuit surveillance system.
It is not clear how someone made it through those barriers Sunday, but Danny Finegood might well have admired their work. – Rappler.com
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Men are notoriously hard to buy for, so instead of the usual socks and ties, treat the man that's been there for you since day one to a day of fun this Father's Day.
From food, to country walks, to daredevil activities, there's something for everyone's dad when it comes to days out.
We've rounded up our favourite options below, to help you out with a little inspiration.
And you never know, maybe he'll even take you along with them for one...
Best Father's Day days out and experiences
Because everyone knows that the best gifts can't be wrapped up.
(Image: NotOnTheHighstreet)
It may be pricey, but we've never seen anything quite like it, with TV chef Celia Brooks escorting you through the tourist mayhem that is Covent Garden, and introducing you to hidden gems amongst the crowd.
You'll get to sample an array of food and wine, including superfoods, English cheeses, Egyptian street food and even a unique Italian wine tasting.
Get it here for £140 for two.
(Image: PR IMAGE)
A world first experience that was only launched last week, this indoor skydives combines skydiving with state-of-the-art interactive visuals.
This means that Bedford is the only place in the entire world where you can take the plunge and step out your plane into a wind tunnel to experience what it is like diving over California in virtual reality.
Get it here for £85 for one person.
(Image: PR IMAGE)
As well as tasting whiskies of different styles, you will be talked through the creation and origins of each one, and find out how to taste them properly by the resident whisky expert.
After that, things get scientific. Armed with a pipette and a mini bottle, dad will slowly build up a blend of their very own to take home to drink with friends, and hopefully showcase their bountiful knowledge in the process.
Get it here for £79 for two people.
(Image: PR IMAGE)
Dad will be in heaven as they drive an AMG around a purpose-built track with twisting corners, fast straights and a thrilling wet skid circle, before being shown how it's really done by the professionals in the ride of their life.
Squealing tyres and roaring engines will have them practicing their moves like the next Lewis Hamilton.
Get it here for £129 for one person.
(Image: Getty)
If your dad craves a break from the hustle and bustle of everyday life, let them do it in style with a one-night stay in, or near, one of the UK's stunning national parks.
There's a huge variety of venues on offer all across the country, ranging from extravagant country manors to quaint little cabins. Whether they want to explore the Royal Forest of Dean, take in the spectacular scenery of Snowdonia, or breathe in Brighton's fresh sea air - you'll win some serious brownie points for this thoughtful gift.
Get it here for £89.99 for two people.
(Image: PR IMAGE)
Dad will be greeted upon arrival at the Main Stand with refreshments, before embarking on a behind the scenes tour of the stadium, featuring the new press rooms, dressing rooms, player's tunnel and manager's dugout.
Once all the exploring has got them hungry, he'll enjoy a three-course lunch in one of the Main Stand hospitality lounges with stunning views of the famous Anfield turf, followed by a Q&A session with LFC legends, where they can take photos and get their autographs.
While not available to actually visit until September, you can order yours now and get in on the action early. (Other football stadium tours similar to this can be found here ).
Get it here for £95 for one person.
(Image: PR IMAGE)
Renowned for their juicy steaks and classic English fare, your dad can enjoy a feast they won't forget at the famous London steakhouse.
As well as a three-course meal that features smoked haddock fish cakes, caramelised lemon meringues and prime cuts, a cocktail will also be included in the price.
Get it here for £49 for two people.
(Image: PR IMAGE)
Whether they want to kick-start a high-flying career as a pilot, or just test their skills with an out-of-this-world experience, give them the power to fly a plane for themselves this Father's Day.
While it will just be dads and the plane instructor on board, the whole family can wait on the field to watch dad land the plane, turning it into a fun day out for everyone.
Get it here for £104 for one person.
(Image: PR IMAGE)
Witness how to make award-winning beer and learn how different types are crafted, all amongst the vats of the Oxfordshire brewery.
You'll of course get to taste the beers and get an exclusive discount on any (or all) of the tasty beers you want to buy
Get it here for £10 for two.
(Image: PR IMAGE)
As the longest running carmaker to still be owned by its founding family - and the very last one in the UK - the Morgan Motor company has over 100 years of history.
See the cars being made from start to finish in the workshop and how tradition meets technology in their environmentally-friendly automobiles, before taking a stroll around the museum, and then heading off for a lovely afternoon tea in the cafe.
Get it here for £72 for two people.
(Image: PR IMAGE)
Warm up for all the action with a complimentary drink and a free programme for the day's races, before taking your place in the premier enclosure for a prime view of the horses.
There are 15 different racecourses in England and Wales to pick from, so no doubt that your dad's favourite will be on the list.
Get it here for £42 for two people.
If you'd rather get them something you can wrap up instead, see our Father's Day gift guide here.
Got the present sorted and now just need a card? We tracked down the best funny and cheap Father's Day cards here.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - With Allen Iverson watching from a suite, Joel Embiid produced yet another dominant game in a season where the 76ers' All-Star has barely practiced.
Yes, Embiid is another Philly star who sits out practice.
Unlike Iverson, whose complaints about practice are part of their legend, the suddenly sturdy 76ers big man takes extra rest with the full support of coach Brett Brown.
Embiid had 25 points and 19 rebounds and Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead Philadelphia to a 108-94 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night.
Simmons had 11 points, 12 rebounds, 15 assists and no turnovers for the Sixers, who still have a chance to finish fourth in the Eastern Conference and earn home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season. The Sixers would have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No. 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston matchup for at least a round.
"Our goal is to make the playoffs," Brown said. "Now, seemingly, we are pretty close to doing that. Now we all get greedy and say, 'Let's get a home court.' And I'm the captain of that new club. And it can only happen if we guard. And that's the message to our team."
How's this for D?
The Hornets missed 17 of 21 shots in the third (going 1-for-5 on 3s) to crush their chances of stretching a seven-point halftime lead.
"Nothing matters unless we play defense," Brown said. "It's how we set the tone in this program since the day I arrived."
The 76ers have had countless dark days since Brown arrived in 2013.
The 19-, 18- and 10-win seasons that give birth to The Process have paid off this year, and the Sixers are set to reach the playoffs for the first time since 2012.
They are the favorites in the majority of their games and have become the team that now has to worry about playing down to the level of their competition.
Embiid has led the charge, playing 58 of 69 games a year after playing 31 in their rookie season. They missed their first two seasons with injuries and the Sixers have been judicious with their practice time. Embiid said they work with the medical staff to decide their schedule.
"It's the most unusual thing that I've ever experienced, that he's that capable and that talented to impact a game and be selected as a starter on the All-Star team with effectively not practicing with their team," Brown said. "We're really trying to preserve their health."
Philadelphia could never really shake Charlotte until late.
Embiid, who had nine turnovers, hit two straight 3s and JJ Redick hit one to give the Sixers a 58-56 lead in the third. Marco Belinelli hit consecutive 3s late in the third to make it 72-64. They hit one more 3 for a 10-point lead to help the Sixers beat their third straight sub.-500 team (New York, Brooklyn).
Embiid connected on one more 3 at the top of the arc to close the quarter.
Embiid made 4 of 6 3s - not bad for a 31 percent shooter from beyond the arc this season.
"It's not like he's knocking them down, but they had it tonight," Hornets coach Steve Clifford said.
Dario Saric hit a 3 in the fourth for an 88-83 lead and Robert Covington, who scored 18 points, sealed it with Philadelphia's 16th 3 of the game for a 12-point edge late in the fourth.
"Ben was moving the ball, everybody was moving," Embiid said. "That was a great effort in the second half defensively and everybody did their job."
Kemba Walker led the Hornets, coming off a 124-101 loss to the Knicks, with 24 points. Wily Hernangomez scored 17 points off the bench in just 12 minutes in the first half to help the Hornets lead 56-49 at the break.
TIP-INS
Hornets: The Hornets made all 14 free throws in the first half. ... Hernangomez scored 15 points in the second quarter. ... Jeremy Lamb started in place of injured guard Nicolas Batum (Achilles).
76ers: The 76ers went just 3 for 4 from the free-throw line in the first half. ... The loudest ovation of the night came when Hernangomez missed two straight free throws in the third to win every fan a free fast-food treat.
CRYING FOUL
The Hornets made 24 of 30 free throws and the Sixers went just 6 of 8. Hornets center Dwight Howard, who scored 10 points and had five fouls, ripped the officiating nonetheless.
"I just thought it was crap the whole night," they said. "I thought the referees did a good job of trying to keep players out of the game. ... It's not cool. I think that really got the momentum for the other team. Officiating hasn't been that bad all year. I was pretty upset about that.
"I tried to fight through it. It just kept getting worse. I never complain, I never really say nothing about refs to anybody in the media. But tonight wasn't cool."
They SAID IT
Simmons might need Embiid's practice schedule this deep into the season.
"Physically I feel fine, but mentally it's a little draining," they said.
BUZZ CITY
The 76ers held "Barbershop Night" on the promotional schedule and members of the organization had images of players or team logos shaved in their heads.
UP NEXT
Hornets: Play Wednesday at Brooklyn.
76ers: Host Memphis on Wednesday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tags/NBAbasketball
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Spurs' teenage goal machine Reo Griffiths is a target for RB Leipzig.
The exciting 17-year-old scoring four goals and provided three assists as Tottenham demolished Arsenal 9-0 in the U18 Premier League on Tuesday.
The magnificent performance enhanced the already-towering reputation surrounding the youngster who has netted an impressive 33 goals for the club in domestic competitions this season.
Before this week's display Griffiths had bagged seven braces and two hat-tricks across all competitions this season.
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
Spurs are trying to hold on to them but they have it is understood they have yet to commit their long-term future to the club and could walk away this summer.
RB Leipzig are among a string of clubs interested with Tottenham's former head of recruitment Paul Mitchell in a similar role with the Bundesliga club.
The sword is thought to come from the time of the Warring States, which was a period of 250 years between 475 BC and 221BC which saw numerous fierce wars fought between the eight states of the Zhou Dynasty.
In a video published by China Radio International (CRI), the millennia-old weapon looks sharp and is still glistening as an archaeologist pulls it from its sheath.
Following a series of tests the artifact is likely to be put on display at a national museum.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cold-hearted robbers are targeting people looking for love through dating apps and websites in Gloucestershire.
Gloucestershire Constabulary is warning would be lovers they need to have their wits about them or they could lose more than their heart.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Police say they are aware of a number of robberies lately that are linked to online dating and are urging people to be careful when arranging to meet strangers.
It is estimated that around one third of adults in the UK have used apps and sites such as Tinder, Match.com, Plenty of Fish and Grindr.
(Image: PA)
But online dating can create risks and Gloucestershire has previously seen a rise in the number of sexual assaults taking place when people meet for the first time.
Now the Force say the blind date format has also led to a spate of robberies recently. Officers specifically point out the gay dating app Grindr.
Gloucestershire Police tweeted: " Do you use dating or hookup apps?
" We're aware of a number of robberies that have taken place recently after people have met on apps such as Grindr."
They have pointed the public towards advice to help avoid becoming a victim of date crime.
(Image: Handout)
That includes the #AskforAngela scheme which means bars and clubs have signed up to discreetly usher away and order a taxi for anyone who asks "is Angela in?".
People are also warned that talking online can make them trust strangers more easily so they must find out as much as possible before they meet.
In 2016 it was reported that the number of alleged crimes potentially involving people's use of dating apps Tinder and Grindr increased more than sevenfold in two years - including reports of rape, grooming and attempted murder.
Air Force Radio News 06 October 2017 B
Today's story: Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson talks about the importance of modernization and innovation in space during a forum in D.C.
Padua Academy students and parents demonstrated Monday in support of ousted principal Cindy Mann, whose sudden departure was announced Friday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A patient of one of Moscow's most fashionable plastic surgeon's has died after undergoing breast lift surgery.
Mother of two Ekaterina Kiseleva, 32, was pronounced dead in the clinic from heart failure, say medical sources.
Surgeon Grigory Perekrestov, 31, well known for posing for selfies with their bare-breasted patients, has not commented on the death at their Triumph Palace clinic.
A criminal investigation has been launched following complaints from the patient's mother Evgenia.
They said: "All our complaints are deleted, our calls are ignored.
“We are in despair. We are killed, our life is over.
“Our whole family is cut to the root.
“A beautiful, healthy, intelligent woman entrusted these monsters to remove them defect."
(Image: GVP Plastic/east2west news)
“They took away not only money from her, but also life, which they gave entirely to their children and their work.”
Evgenia alleged that the anaesthetist Zeinal Nedzhafov, 24, left before their daughter - a mother of two who worked in the water industry - woke up, "flouting regulations".
Ekaterina had defied their family to have the five hour breast lift surgery costing £1,830 , after receiving assurances it was safe.
“My daughter was completely healthy,” said the distraught mother.
(Image: east2west news)
“There were no resuscitation facilities in this clinic,” said Evgenia.
“As I later learned, the administrator first called in a cardiologist when problems arose.
“She ran with their child from home, tried to restart my daughter's heart, but with no result.
“Only then did they call an ambulance.”
Them daughter was dead two hours before they were told, they said.
A criminal case has been launched by the Russian Investigative Committee which handles serious crimes, a spokesperson confirmed.
(Image: east2west news)
(Image: east2west news)
Neither Dr Perekrestov - popular for breast enhancement surgery in Moscow - nor Dr Nedzhafov has spoken about the tragic death of the mother.
The clinic said that procedures were carried out "correctly".
The victim, a divorcee, had two children, a son, 12, and a daughter, ten.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The main aim of Most Haunted has always been to catch a ghost on camera - and now they think they've finally done it.
It may have taken 15 years, but we wouldn't say that's been wasted time.
Most Haunted involves a group locking themselves into a haunted location for 24 hours in order to explore the science and psychology of hauntings, as well as tangible evidence of life after death.
Host Yvette Fielding and their team visit locations around the UK, Europe and the US hoping to glimpse paranormal activity.
Watching Yvette, Karl Beattie and Stuart Torevell running around in anticipation of ghosts and ghouls leaping out a has been fun.
We can't deny though, having actual footage does add another element of intrigue. The video first appeared last year, but is doing the rounds again.
The video was taken at Wentworth Woodhouse Stable block, in South Yorkshire. The stable was built in 1630 by Thomas Wentworth, the first Earl of Strafford.
It doesn't sound too scary, does it? However, a translucent figure can be seen walking down the hallway.
Fielding called it "the most ground-breaking footage we have ever recorded."
You can be the judge of that.
They added: "Rather than giving us the answers we were looking for, it just gave us more questions.
"Was it the presence of the spirit of a long dead soul, a doppelganger, Stone Tape Replay or something else we are never supposed to understand?"
Rather than run scared, the team rush towards the figure - it's just an empty room that greets them though, with no translucent figure.
Karl Beattie, who was filming, said: "We've never seen anything like this before and we really don't have an explanation for what we saw but the replay of the filming, clearly shows the vision in detail. It's a weird, weird place."
(Image: UKTV)
People are already trying to come up with explanations for the footage, with some believing it's just Stuart in a hoodie.
Glen HUnt - who is on hand as the sceptic of the show - said it "couldn't possibly be tampered with".
Yvette cried when seeing what they captured saying: "That is the best of paranormal evidence."
Take a look at see for yourself.
× 1 of 2 Expand (From left) Vann, 9, Michael, Carter, 12, and Blaire Wyatt, at home in their family room. The Bernhardt sofa is covered in Crypton fabric. The barrel chairs, from Hope Thrift, were recovered in Robert Allen's “Hidden Temple” fabric. × 2 of 2 Expand The parlor has a lush, tropical feel thanks to walls painted in Benjamin Moore's “Barley Teal” and Manuel Canovas “Serendip” drapery panels.The glam pink setee was custom-made by U-Fab,and the bench is from HomeGoods. Prev Next
Many of us love the beach, but few are willing to go as far as the Wyatt family to bring the beach to Richmond.
“I want to live like I'm on vacation every day,” says Blaire Wyatt, whose 1940s Cape in Henrico County was transformed into a colorful and airy beach escape over several months last year.
Just like planning a party or a vacation, it took work to achieve the perfect home for Blaire and Michael Wyatt and their two sons, 12-year-old Carter and 9-year-old Vann. In August 2015, the family moved into a rented house while months of construction began. The Wyatts returned to a home with a flipped floor plan: a roomy, marble-countered kitchen where the master bedroom and bathroom used to be, and a large addition allowing for a comfortable family room, a peaceful master bedroom, two additional upstairs bedrooms and an outdoor living room.
× 1 of 3 Expand The home's former galley kitchen was transformed into a multipurpose office/drop zone/laundry room. Thibaut's “Javan” wallpaper adds graphic punch. × 2 of 3 Expand Blaire's parents' dining room chairs were recovered in Kate Spade's “Posie Dot” in lipstick. The drapery panels were a consignment find, transformed by adding fuchsia banding. The rug is from One King's Lane, the chandelier is from Shades of Light and the art is by Kim McCoy. × 3 of 3 Expand Though it looks like a modest house from the street, the Wyatts' West End Cape nearly doubled in size when a large addition was added to the back. Prev Next
Three years earlier, as Blaire and Michael were shopping for a new home with their real estate agent, it was hard to see the potential of the two-story house perched on a hilly lawn with a sprawling backyard. “I remember thinking, ‘Huh. Why do they want us to see this?'” Blaire recalls. The neighborhood — with tree-lined roads and plenty of young children for their boys to play with — was just what they were looking for, but the 1,700-square-foot house was a bit tight for four people.
However, with the assistance of interior designer Casey Hawthorne (a fellow Tuckahoe Elementary mom) and contractor Scott Smith of Portico Classic Homes, the Wyatts' dreams of a beach home in Richmond's suburbs have come true. Bahama window shutters on the front of the home signal the coastal design, and entering through the front door, the first things you see are twin blue-green foo dog lamps on a dark wood console in the foyer.
The home is filled with turquoise and pink fabrics and the occasional Asian and tropical touches. There's also a feel of 1960s Palm Beach, with metallics and bamboo patterns. In the parlor, a furry white ottoman with gold legs (bought at HomeGoods at a bargain) and a Midcentury modern pink bench from U-Fab let you know that you're in a fun place.
“I want to live like I'm on vacation every day.” —Blaire Wyatt
The Wyatts inherited many pieces of furniture from their families, including two high-backed armchairs in the parlor refreshed with new upholstery. Deep turquoise velvet on the front and a geometric black-and-white print on the back give the chairs an appealing texture and look — while not costing a mint. And HomeGoods, both Blaire and Hawthorne note, is a favorite wallet-friendly spot to find baskets and other accessories.
× 1 of 2 Expand Blaire transformed their mother's vintage wicker furniture with bright custom cushions and pillows made with fabrics found at Jo-Ann Fabrics. × 2 of 2 Expand A new kitchen stands where the home's original master bedroom and bath used to be. It features honed Carrara marble counters and polished Carrara subway tiles on the backsplash.The lights are from Visual Comfort, and the stools are from Serena & Lily. The wall color is “Classic Gray” by Benjamin Moore. Prev Next
The walls are all a pale gray, all the better to spotlight colorful artwork, including two $15 watercolor portraits of the boys painted in Manteo, North Carolina, and a painting of their Nags Head home. The home's former galley kitchen was ingeniously transformed into a hybrid laundry room/office/drop zone papered in fun leopard-spotted wallpaper from Thibaut.
“It was fun to work with somebody that was so open to color and willing to take a risk,” says Hawthorne. For her, the “jumping-off point” was the purchase of two undeniably ugly barrel chairs at a thrift store. The chairs were re-covered in a green, pink and turquoise Asian print from Robert Allen and now sit across from an off-white sectional sofa in stain-resistant Crypton fabric — a nod to the reality of living with two active boys. A porcelain elephant stool bought at an estate sale sits ready to hold a beverage, and a few feet away are the screened porch and the covered patio, with plush chairs and a sofa looking out on the backyard. The only thing missing is the ocean's roar.
× 1 of 3 Expand Son Carter's bedroom displays a cool surfing theme — the family spends a lot of time catching waves on the Outer Banks. The bedding is from Pottery Barn Teen. The art is by Kim McCoy,and the bed was custom-made in the Outer Banks. × 2 of 3 Expand The generous and serene master bathroom features a clawfoot tub. A cowhide rug adds warmth underfoot and is a durable choice for the room. × 3 of 3 Expand The beachy vibe continues in the master bedroom with a bamboo bed from One King's Lane, cool white bedding from Home-Goods and drapery panels in a fresh and colorful floral print. Prev Next
“The Wyatts and I worked on the design of that beach cottage feel for a couple of months,” says Smith, a building contractor since 2003. Then, after the family found a rental home a couple of miles away, construction started. “The winter was a little crazy,” they add. “It got cold and then warm, cold and then warm. It almost was raining inside the house with the condensation on the walls.”
Fortunately, almost everything else went smoothly, and the family moved back in spring 2016, with just enough time to appreciate their new surroundings before summer — and a return to the Outer Banks, an annual tradition.
During the past year, Blaire has enjoyed giving parties and inviting overnight guests, and with more room, “it makes entertaining more fun,” they say. And now their home reflects their attitude, they add. “We wanted something tropical and beachy and bright and happy. We like to live each day like it's a party.”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The FA have insisted on viewing the explosive e-mails in which West Ham's transfer chief claimed they did not want the club to sign any more African players.
The alleged comments were made by the Hammers' head of player recruitment, Tony Henry, who was suspended on Thursday. Under FA rules, the east London side could be charged with misconduct if they do not comply with the request to disclose the e-mails.
Henry is said to have told agents they wanted to restrict the signings of African players because ‘they have a bad attitude' and ‘cause mayhem' when they are not picked to play.
A number of the club's African stars are fuming at Henry's comments, and their Senegalese midfielder Cheikhou Kouyate took to social media on Thursday morning to post: “African and proud.”
(Image: Getty)
Other players are said to have sought answers from the club over the issue.
West Ham maintain they have a commitment to diversity and equality, and an established tradition of signing black players.
The club also insisted it has a significant black and African contingent within its senior and youth squads, as they confirmed the transfer of 20-year-old forward Oladapo Afolayan from National League club Solihull Moors.
(Image: West Ham United FC)
In a statement it said: “The club can confirm that director of player recruitment Tony Henry has been suspended pending a full and thorough investigation. West Ham United will not tolerate any type of discrimination and has, therefore, acted swiftly due to the serious nature of these claims.
“The West Ham United family is an inclusive one where, regardless of gender, age, ability, race, religion or sexual orientation, everybody feels welcome and included.
“The club will make no further comment until the investigation has been concluded."
By Brianna Zimmer
Sports Writer
Although Alma College can call many media outlets its own—a newspaper, a yearbook, a number of websites, and formerly, a radio station, none were devoted exclusively to the coverage of athletics. This void was what inspired Steven Luomala-Kipp ('17) and a few peers to create one.
Between the Lines is Alma College's newest media effort, covering campus athletics. It emerged September of 2016 as the passion project of Luomala-Kipp and a group of their friends who liked to talk about sports.
“Between the Lines is essentially a conglomerate of many forms of media,” said Luomala-Kipp. “We have a show, podcast, some blog writing and sports photography. which will soon be on a website I've been creating. It's essentially a way to organize all of the media in athletics.”
The group's original idea was to make a podcast where they could talk about sports.
“I'm a sports communications major,” said Luomala-Kipp. “I am heavily involved in working with athletics. I actually run all of the streaming here on campus, anything that is live streamed goes through me so I already have access to camera and equipment, which made it fairly easy to call together my friends and say ‘Hey, wanna talk about what happened in Scots athletics this week?'”
“I am a teaching assistant of a sports information class,” said Luomala-Kipp. “We had about eight people from that class who wanted to help out with the show and they are still helping out this semester even though they aren't taking the class. They like sports and they like to learn some of the skills and get the hands-on experience with techniques we use when it comes to camera lighting, sound, and post production.
“We meet on Thursdays and discuss the [athletic schedule] email from Tracy Howd and use it as a starting point or outline to see what events happened and what's coming up,” said Luomala-Kipp.
“We usually try to mention the MIAA (Michigan Intercollegiate Athletic Association) player of the week honors and try to get them on the show.”
“Harrison and I are always at the games because we do the live-stream, which makes it very easy for us to sit down and talk about the game. We normally have a guest on either a coach or player; we like to get to know our guest. Not just what's going on in their sports because that's common knowledge.”
The effort started as a weekly video podcast posted on their YouTube channel, but it has now expanded into something more.
“I was recruited in mid-August,” said Assistant Sports Information Director and Between the Lines faculty advisor Zachary Russo. “A group of students just wanted to dive in with Alma [College] sports. I've been here to help guide the production of the show last semester and now with the expansion to help keep things on track.”
By expanding the organization within the past couple of weeks the members have been able to reach out to many Marketing and New Media Studies majors who know how to spread the word on this new idea.
“Steven has done a great job continuing and growing the idea, producing and creating content and in the last few weeks expanding on what we've done previously,” said Russo.
The group is currently in the process of becoming an official club.
“I applied and sent in a constitution to Student Congress, but haven't heard back from them yet,” said Luomala-Kipp. “I'm hoping to make it an official club not for the budget, but just for more recognition and awareness.”
“This group provides an opportunity for students who want to get into this line of work,” says Russo. “They are able to get some experience outside of the classroom, which will be greatly beneficial to the students.”
Motorola's latest budget champion, the Moto G6, has finally launched. And there's good news for Prime subscribers. It's now available as an Amazon Prime Exclusive phone. That means that this already impressive budget phone just got even more affordable.
Motorola's Moto G line has long been known for its solid budget offering. It paired decent internals, some higher end features, and a design that has continued to veer toward premium with each passing year. The Moto G6 continues in the tradition with amazing success.
The new Moto G6 features the most premium design yet seen in an affordably phone with 3D glass, an aluminum frame, a dual-sensor camera on the back, and a thin fingerprint scanner on the front. The centerpiece of the new smartphone is its leap into high screen-to-body ratio territory with a 5.7-inch Full HD+ display that offers a lot of screen space without making the phone unwieldy.
From the outside, the Moto G6 looks like other premium smartphones. The camera may not be as capable, and the processor and internal storage won't be as fast or capacious. But, at the price, it speeds through tasks well enough on Android 8.0 Oreo, and microSD support means storage space is easy to upgrade.
The Moto G6 is available here for $234.99 and supports AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, Verizon, and in the US, Google's Project Fi.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A family have claimed their 'Fawlty Towers' Thomson trip to the Dominican Republic left them ill and bedbound.
Paul Hawkins, from Bury, Greater Manchester, said their partner and two daughters were struck down with sickness and diarrhoea on the ' holiday from hell '.
They claimed they were confined in a dirty room after eating under-cooked food at a hotel on the Caribbean island.
Speaking to the Manchester Evening News , the 37-year-old said they "wouldn't wish the holiday on their worst enemy"
They claimed there was raw and under cooked food in the trays at the hotel's buffet and the room they were put in was filthy.
They added: “It was disgusting - we had to give it a good clean, there was ingrained dirt everywhere.”
They decided to go to the pool but said this was also dirty.
Paul claimed their eldest daughter, Nieve, eight, was walking to reception when a loose nail went through their flip flop into their foot.
They then spent three hours in a medical centre before Paul said they decided to try to fly home but was told by Thomson it would cost them £1,700 per person.
Paul added: “I couldn't believe what I was hearing. It was just money they were after.
"They offered us another hotel but that would have cost us £2,300. We were all sick to the back teeth of the place and wanted to go home as we didn't know what else was coming.”
Paul, who owns a car garage, added: “I wouldn't wish that holiday on my worst enemy. It was a complete disaster from start to finish.
"Things went from bad to worse and just when I thought things couldn't get any worse something else happened. It's the closest thing to Fawlty Towers.
“The staff there appeared to be clueless and there was no real customer service as nothing seemed to get changed. Thomson couldn't even be bothered to help, it was disgusting.
"I have been on bad holidays before and usually there is something good you can recall but I can honestly say there was nothing good about this experience at all."
Despite complaining repeatedly online and in person to their rep and hotel staff about the state of the resort, they claimed Thomson eventually responded by offering them a $50 dollar voucher to spend in the hotel - 20 minutes before they were due to fly home.
A spokesperson for Thomson said: “We're sorry to hear of Mr and Mrs Hawkins' holiday experience and would like to thank them for bringing this to our attention.
“We're currently investigating the complaint and will be in touch with the customers directly.
“We'd like to reassure customers that we regularly audit all of the hotels we feature in respect of health and safety, including hygiene.”
Carolyn J. Ditzman
Carolyn J. Ditzman, 70, of Burlington, died Sunday, December 10th at their home surrounded by family. Arrangements are pending at Elliott Chapel, New London.
IOWA PRELIMINARY WEATHER SUMMARY
By Michael Timlin, Regional Climatologist, Midwestern Regional Climate Center
Temperatures were well below normal with precipitation totals running slightly below normal in the north and well below normal in the south. Average temperatures were 10 to 20 degrees below normal for the week. Minimum temperatures dropped below freezing for much of the week and then remained above freezing over the weekend. This helped to allow soil temperatures to warm late in the week. Soil temperatures were mostly in the mid to upper 40s except in northwestern Iowa on the 22nd. Maximum temperatures averaged in the 40s for the northern half of the state and the low to mid 50s for the southern half. The coldest reading in Iowa was at Waukon on the 19th when the mercury dropped to 8 degrees. The warmest readings were in the low to mid 60s on Friday and Saturday topped by a 67 reading at Davenport on the 22nd. Precipitation totals ranged from little or nothing in the south to more than an inch at a handful of stations in northern Iowa. Hampton recorded 1.82 inches, well more than the next closest station. With just a few exceptions, the precipitation totals were below normal for the 7-day period. Snow was recorded at the morning observations on the 16th and 19th in northern Iowa. The largest snow totals were right around a foot, though Forest City, in Winnebago County, easily topped that with 22 inches of snow, 12 inches on the 16th and 10 inches on the 19th.
THE SES have been kept busy in the past few months helping with the flood response.
But next Saturday the Ballina SES Unit will practice a response to a different kind of disaster - and they want your help.
NSW SES was the key combat agency responsible for tsunami in NSW. While the risk of a tsunami was considered low in Eastern Australia, it was still a possibility and they said we need to be ready just in case.
Planning for tsunami is a collaborative community responsibility for NSW SES, other emergency services, all levels of government, other stakeholders and individuals.
On June 24 the NSW SES Ballina Unit plan to hold a Tsunami Awareness exercise in the Shaws Bay area between 9.30am and 12.30pm in conjunction with NSW SES Richmond/Tweed Region and State HQ.
This exercise will test out the warning procedures in the event a tsunami should occur on the East Coast of Australia.
The SES unit plan to drive through Shaw's Bay inviting the community to join them at a meeting point near the Ballina Lighthouse Surf Club to discuss a plan of action if a tsunami were to eventuate.
They aim to familiarise the community with correct response procedures.
NSW SES have organised a number of strategies to inform the community of the exercise.
Ballina SES Unit members will conduct a letterbox drop in the Shaw's Bay area on Monday June 19 explaining the exercise and inviting residents to observe the exercise.
A public meeting will also be held on Wednesday June 21 at the Ballina RSL Club at 7.00pm to allow residents and interested persons to learn more about tsunami and the exercise.All Ballina residents are invited to attend this meeting.
The exercise offers an opportunity for the public to find about more about the tsunami warning system and recommended responses. The knowledge gained may be life-saving if they should ever be caught up in a tsunami threat, either locally or overseas.
The administration of President Donald Trump is scoffing at a lawsuit by Twitter users who claim in a federal lawsuit that their constitutional rights are being violated because the president has blocked them from their @realDonaldTrump Twitter handle.
"It would send the First Amendment deep into uncharted waters to hold that a president's choices about whom to follow, and whom to block, on Twitter—a privately run website that, as a central feature of its social-media platform, enables all users to block particular individuals from viewing posts—violate the Constitution." That's part of what Michael Baer, a Justice Department attorney, wrote to the New York federal judge overseeing the lawsuit Friday.
In addition, the Justice Department said the courts are powerless to tell Trump how they can manage their private Twitter handle, which has 35.8 million followers.
"To the extent that the President's management of their Twitter account constitutes state action, it is unquestionably actioned that lies within their discretion as Chief Executive; it is therefore outside the scope of judicial enforcement," Baer wrote. (PDF)
Baer added that an order telling Trump how to manage their Twitter feed "would raise profound separation-of-powers concerns by intruding directly into the president's chosen means of communicating to millions of Americans."
The lawsuit, filed last month, claims Trump's Twitter feed is a public forum and an official voice of the president. Excluding people from reading or replying to their tweets—especially because they tweeted critical comments—amounts to a First Amendment breach, according to the lawsuit. The suit demands that Trump unblock people he's blocked on Twitter, and it seeks a preliminary injunction to stop them from blocking people.
Eugene Volokh at The Volokh Conspiracy says they don't think blocked Twitter users are having their First Amendment rights breached. That said, they believe "the matter is not open and shut."
Many of these types of lawsuits targeting politicians are cropping up across the nation. There's some legal precedent on the topic, too. Last month, a federal judge in Virginia ruled that a local politician had violated the First Amendment rights of a constituent because the politician briefly banned the constituent from the politician's personal Facebook account, where they discussed public business.
"The suppression of critical commentary regarding elected officials is the quintessential form of viewpoint discrimination against which the First Amendment guards," US District Judge James Cacheris wrote in a suit brought by a constituent against Phyllis Randall, the chairperson of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors in Virginia. Randall's Facebook page, the judge ruled, "operates as a forum for speech under the First Amendment to the US Constitution."
In the Trump case, the Justice Department notes that people blocked by the president can still view their tweets if they log out of Twitter. The department also says that those suing Trump "remain free to use Twitter (or any social media platform) to criticize the president."
No hearing date has been set.
By The Associated Press
National Individual Leaders
By The Associated Press
Receptions Per Game
Through games of Dec. 09
G Ct ReYd Ct Pg Quinn,SMU 12 106 1,191 8.8 Ishmael,Syr. 12 105 1,347 8.8 Gallup,ColoSt 12 94 1,345 7.8 Jennings,W.Va. 12 94 1,030 7.8 Miller,Memphs 12 92 1,407 7.7 Philips,Syr. 12 89 904 7.4 Bonner,Houstn 10 73 850 7.3 Coutee,TxTech 12 82 1,242 6.8 Andrews,UCLA 9 60 773 6.7 Moore,Md. 12 80 1,033 6.7 Zaccheaus,Va. 12 80 833 6.7 Hart,Ga.St. 11 73 1,094 6.6 Owens,FlaInt 9 59 887 6.6 Hall,BallSt 12 78 801 6.5 Martin, J,WashSt 11 70 831 6.4 Johnson,Bufalo 12 76 1,356 6.3 Brown,Miss. 12 75 1,252 6.3 Lee,MidTen 12 74 916 6.2 Harry,ArizSt 12 73 1,000 6.1 Scott,N.M.St 12 73 1,042 6.1 Carringto,Utah 11 66 918 6.0 Cobbs, Jr,Ind. 12 72 841 6.0 Dunbar,Houstn 11 66 873 6.0 Robertson,S.Miss 12 72 1,070 6.0 Phillips,VaTech 12 71 964 5.9 Smith,L'vill 9 53 873 5.9 Davis,Auburn 13 76 768 5.8 Breneman,UMass 11 64 764 5.8 Onunwor,Idaho 11 64 856 5.8 Samuels,N.C.St 12 69 551 5.8 Veal,LaTech 12 69 832 5.8 Washingto,OklaSt 12 69 1,423 5.8 Burnett,So.Cal 13 74 975 5.7 Timian,Ind. 12 68 589 5.7 Wilson,Boise 13 73 1,290 5.6 Brady,Marsh 10 56 777 5.6 Cantrell,TxTech 12 67 790 5.6 Demps,Nevada 12 67 908 5.6 Fant,W.Ky 12 67 634 5.6 Wharton I,Cal 12 67 871 5.6 Morgan Jr,Neb. 11 61 986 5.5 Johnson,Toledo 13 72 1,257 5.5 Harmon,N.C.St 12 65 993 5.4 Isabella,UMass 12 65 1,020 5.4 Grayson,E.Caro 11 59 886 5.4 Johnson,Fresno 13 69 918 5.3 Miller,BGreen 12 63 722 5.3 Bobo,Colo 12 62 693 5.2 Pettis,Wash. 12 62 721 5.2 Sutton,SMU 12 62 1,017 5.2 Collie,Hawaii 11 56 636 5.1 Meyers,N.C.St 11 56 651 5.1 Noa,Cal 11 56 788 5.1 Lazard,IowaSt 12 61 799 5.1 Lewis,Cincy 12 61 676 5.1 Mims,Baylor 12 61 1,087 5.1 Rahming,Duke 12 61 733 5.1 Williams,WashSt 12 61 417 5.1 Brown,E.Caro 12 60 1,069 5.0 Johnson-M,WashSt 12 60 555 5.0 Moore,Mo. 12 60 1,017 5.0 Sills,W.Va. 12 60 980 5.0 Spielman,Neb. 11 55 830 5.0 Edwards,S.Caro 12 59 705 4.9 Sannon,Idaho 12 59 608 4.9 Sims Jr.,Kansas 12 59 839 4.9 Williams,ArizSt 12 59 678 4.9 Conway,Wyo. 12 58 520 4.8 Kirk,TexA&M 12 58 730 4.8 White,W.Va. 12 58 978 4.8 Mannix,Nevada 12 57 778 4.8 Johnson,E.Caro 10 47 464 4.7 Morrow,WashSt 12 56 479 4.7 Willis,CMich 9 42 625 4.7 Batson,TxTech 12 55 464 4.6 Hobbs,Tulsa 12 55 830 4.6 Ridley,Ala 12 55 896 4.6 Valdes-Sc,So.Fla 11 50 746 4.5 Ateman,OklaSt 12 54 1,049 4.5 Bailey II,E.Mich 12 54 878 4.5 Chapman,CMich 12 54 805 4.5 Green,LaMnro 12 54 829 4.5 Smith,UCF 12 54 1,082 4.5 Andrews,Okla. 13 58 906 4.5 Rose III,N.M.St 11 49 474 4.5 Clark,N.M.St 10 44 492 4.4 Berrios,MiaFla 12 52 634 4.3 Duncan,Vandy 12 52 517 4.3 King,Tex.St 12 52 750 4.3 Lawrence,N.Tex 13 56 749 4.3 Mayala,UConn 10 43 615 4.3 Yelder,W.Ky 11 47 576 4.3 Davis,MichSt 12 51 658 4.3 Gesicki,PennSt 12 51 501 4.3 Johnson,Texas 12 51 725 4.3 Zuber,Kan.St 12 51 510 4.3 Hill,OhioSt 13 55 546 4.2 Renfrow,Clem 13 55 571 4.2 Echols-Lu,W.Ky 10 42 473 4.2 Jefferson,Miss. 10 42 456 4.2
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
The emergence of the information technology and adoption of the automation technologies in Industrial controls and factory automations market has revolutionized the manufacturing sectors. The automation reduces the human intervention, so the human error are reduced which is causing various industrial unit to adopt the automation systems. Robotics are mostly used in the factory automation and industry control as it leads to advantages in controlling, better precision, reducing assembly time, reduction in labor costs, and reduction in the risk of exposure to production hazards. These are the factors driving the industry control and factory automation market
Study Objectives of Global Industry controls and factory automation Market:-
To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next five years of various segments and sub-segments of the global Industry controls and factory automation market
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth
To analyze the global Industry controls and factory automation market based on various factors such as supply chain analysis, and Porter's five forces analysis
To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries – North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and ROW.
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective
To be continued…….
Get Sample Report for more Information @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1869
MILAN Juventus are optimistic that forward Paulo Dybala will recover from injury in time to face Barcelona in the Champions League on Wednesday after they were forced out of Saturday's game with Pescara. The Argentine, who scored twice in Juve's 3-0 win in Tuesday's first leg of the quarter-final, limped off with an ankle problem in the second half of their 2-0 victory in Serie A, shortly after suffering a rough tackle from Sulley Muntari. "He's taken a knock and twisted it a little but I think we can be optimistic," coach Massimiliano Allegri told reporters.
After Wake Up Sid (2009) and Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani (2013), viewers will get to see the third collaboration between Ranbir Kapoor and Ayan Mukerji. The actor-filmmaker duo, who are also close buddies, are coming together for their film tentatively titled Dragon, after a gap of four years. In the movie, Ranbir will be seen as a man with special powers.
Ayan had revealed earlier that, “I have not locked the title yet. Dragon is just the tentative title. It was called Dragon because, in the film, the boy has a connection with fire. It is their power. The guy has a mystical connection with fire. So, I called it Dragon. There's something I like about the word.”
As per reports, the film also stars Alia Bhatt and Amitabh Bachchan in major roles. This is the first time Ranbir will be seen working together with Big B, even though they did a small cameo as themselves in Amitabh Bachchan starrer Bhootnath Returns (2014). The film might go on floors from August this year.
Big B's role will be a full fledged one and not a guest appearance. They will begin shoot this year itself.
Apart from Dragon, Ranbir will be seen opposite Katrina Kaif in Anurag Basu's Jagga Jasoos. The actor is also playing Sanjay Dutt in the latter's biopic helmed by Rajkumar Hirani. Alia Bhatt is presently busy promoting their upcoming film Badrinath Ki Dulhania, which is slated to hit theatres on 10th March. Amitabh Bachchan will be seen alongside Aamir Khan in Thugs of Hindostan. The megastar is also shooting for Ram Gopal Varma's Sarkar 3.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Don't mess with Kiera Platt - or, more importantly, with Mitch Platt, them dad.
The 25-year-old from New York recently had to leave work early owing to "lady issues."
Now, while most of us know exactly what this code means, Mitch got it confused with something else altogether.
And it's actually quite sweet, in a super-protective sort of way.
Kiera shared the father-daughter exchange on Twitter , writing, I told my dad I went home early from work because of 'lady issues'."
This was their response.
(Image: @Kieeraaa/Twitter)
Presumably thinking "lady issues" meant "a female co-worker is being nasty" Mitch did what any loving father would do, and offered his, er, support.
Kudos to Kiera as well for even mentioning this to them dad.
People were quickly won over by how "pure" Mitch is.
Apparently, this is "classic Mitch."
There's also a chance it might have been one of those dad jokes, as Kiera told Buzzfeed : "He's the master of 'dad joke'.
"He's never failed at being awkwardly funny.
"When I was a teenager I used to feel embarrassed by it but now I embrace it.
"I couldn't imagine their sense of humour being any other way."
We'd suggest Kiera uses "Aunt Flo" instead, but that might make them more confused...
WASHINGTON — It's just wouldn't be Christmas in Washington without “The Nutcracker.”
Tchaikovsky's iconic ballet has become a holiday tradition around the world, but especially in our nation's capital with The Washington Ballet's perennial performance at Warner Theatre.
“Finish your Christmas shopping, stop by ‘The Nutcracker,' set the mood,” artistic director Julie Kent told WTOP. “It's a great way to start the holiday season. … I love hearing from the audience. When the Sugar Plum Fairy was dancing, the woman behind me kept saying, ‘She's just like the ballerina in the jewelry box!' That's exactly the feeling that you want to inspire.”
Set on Christmas Eve in 1882, Clara and their family host a holiday party in their Georgetown mansion. When their mysterious godfather Mr. Drosselmeyer presents Clara with a nutcracker, she's suddenly plunged into a magical world of the evil Rat King and lovely Sugar Plum Fairy.
“Tchaikovsky composed this music for this ballet,” Kent said. “So you close your eyes, you listen to the music, and you see the action. The steps are secondary, whether it's [Marius] Petipa's original choreography from the 1800s or this Washington-centric creation by Septime Webre, that's a bit secondary to the incredible score that tells the story of ‘The Nutcracker.'”
This year marks Kent's second “Nutcracker” since taking over The Washington Ballet.
“It's very evident the work the dancers have put in all the ballets over the past year,” Kent said. “In the snowflake scene and the Waltz of the Flowers, you can see the precision and unison and relationships and line they learned in ‘Giselle' and ‘Les Sylphides' and ‘The Dream.' Every performance you should see the work that's been put into everything that's preceded it.”
The company features fresh faces such as Brittany Stone, who makes their Sugar Plum Fairy debut.
“We were working in rehearsal to find a softness with the Sugar Plum Fairy, because you have to be personable to the audience and relaxed like a princess,” Stone said. “This is my second year doing Washington Ballet's ‘Nutcracker.' I danced in Boston before coming here, so last year I had to learn all new choreography. It was hard at first to hear the same music and not do the choreography that I'd done for so long. This year is definitely more comfortable.”
On the flip side, the production also features veteran TWB dancers such as Corey Landolt.
“This is my 12th season dancing ‘The Nutcracker' with The Washington Ballet — I've really danced most of the males roles,” Landolt said, as Kent joked, “Rat number 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6!”
All joking aside, this year Landolt plays both the Snow King and the Anacostian Indian.
“I enjoy dancing the Snow King,” Landolt said. “It's a pa de deux with some solo dancing, sending Clara and the Prince to the Land of the Sweets. It's a lot of fun. High energy. You've really gotta focus and bring your A-game for the pas then just kill it on your solos. … I love dancing the Anacostian Indian dance. It's a beautiful, sensual pas. It's long, it's about 3 1/2 minutes long and it's taxing, but it's just really pretty when it's well done. It just draws you in.”
The Anacostian Indian is one of the many D.C.-themed elements in this version.
“The party scene is your historic Georgetown mansion,” Landolt said. “The Land of the Sweets is a view of the Potomac. You can see some of the monuments, so it's distinctly D.C. Our Waltz of the Flowers is the Waltz of the Cherry Blossoms, so you're getting all of that D.C. flavor.”
“Audience members appreciate it a little more because they recognize the cherry blossoms and the different themes throughout,” Stone said. “It's more connected in that way.”
You might even see Teddy in a tutu.
“The Racing Presidents will be making their annual appearance,” Kent said. “Go Nats!”
Other special guests include ESPN's Tony Kornheiser, FOX-5's Erin Como, WUSA-9's Lesli Foster, Councilman Jack Evans and Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton. You'll also recognize plenty of familiar faces from the dance company itself due to annual appearances.
“Olivia Dugan has been a student at the school since they were 5,” Kent said. “To see their progress through all the roles: party child, clown, snowflake, mouse and Clara this year! It's a special part of [our] legacy: how many students were affected by this experience, performing in the production and inspired in the audience. It's the hook that draws a lot of us into dance.”
Indeed, “The Nutcracker” was the first ballet many dancers ever saw in their hometowns.
“‘Nutcracker' is such an important ballet because it's how many of us got our start,” Landolt said. “The first ballet I saw was when I was 5; I saw the local ‘Nutcracker.' That's probably the same for the majority of professional dancers. It's the first one we saw. It feels great to pay it forward, return it, inspire these kids and show them magic. It leads them on the same path.”
Among the 500 kids in the show, there's one youth dancer that's close to Kent's heart.
“I have the distinction of being a ‘Nutcracker' parent this year,” Kent said with a smile. “My daughter is [in] the party scene. Them name is Josephine Barbee — you heard it here first!”
Click here for details. Listen below for our full chat with Julie Kent, Brittany Stone & Corey Landolt:
WTOP's Jason Fraley chats with the 'Nutcracker' cast (Full Interview) Jason Fraley https://wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/nutcracker-interview2017.mp3 Download audio
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
It's going to be a hot 4th of July for much of the Chicago area, with some scattered storms in the afternoon.A Heat Advisory is in effect from noon until 8 p.m. for most of the Chicago area, except for Cook and Lake (Ill.) counties.Temperatures will be higher inland with highs in the lows 90s and heat indices between 102-107 degrees. It will be cooler by the lake with a high of 87.Scattered storms are expected to pop up during the afternoon, but are expected to clear out in the evening for fireworks shows.On Thursday, there is a marginal risk for severe weather, primarily for the southern two thirds of the Chicago area.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alan Shearer launched into a full-scale rant on Match of the Day 2 over Danny Rose's recent wage comments, and added Spurs' stars 'don't deserve more money'.
The Tottenham left-back was fined two weeks' wages after the £65,000-a-week star moaned they were being underpaid and for saying Spurs should be signing big name players, one's that 'you don't have to Google'.
Rose has since apologised for their ill-judged comments.
Speaking on BBC's football highlight show, Jermaine Jenas said they understood Roses's argument.
(Image: Facebook)
The former Spurs star said they couldn't argue with Daniel Levy's transfer policy, but believes the first XI do deserve higher wages.
"If say the wage structure is up to £60,000-a-week, as a club, to keep those players happy they need to be pushing towards the £80/90/100-a-week model," said Jenas. "Especially given where we are in today's game."
(Image: Reuters / Dylan Martinez)
Shearer wasted no time in voicing their disagreement. "I would argue against that," said the ex-Magpie. "Particularly in the Danny Rose situation.
"[The] Timing of it was all wrong, they haven't won anything with Spurs as of yet, they signed a five-year contract 10 or 11 months ago and hasn't played for the last seven months. How on earth they can come out and moan about lack of money or lack of wages."
(Image: Julian Finney)
When asked what Rose should do if they see a player join a club below Spurs and earn £20,000-a-week more than him, Shearer simply barked, 'don't sign a contract then'.
"We saw Tottenham over the last 18 months roll in different players and sign contracts with Pochettino. 18 months later you can't moan about it - you haven't won anything.
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur FC)
"I understand there's been progression, but these players haven't won anything. We saw them nosedive in the Champions League, and a lot of them nosedive with England last summer.
"At the minute I don't see how too many can say we deserve more money."
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — The 46th Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta is set to begin Saturday and is expected to draw close to a million visitors to central New Mexico.
But concerns over crime in Albuquerque and the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas have organizers stepping up security measures. Here are key things to know about the event:
___
THE BALLOONS
The 2017 festival features about 500 traditional hot air balloons and 94 balloons that are shaped to make them look like bees, Elvis Presley, Smokey the Bear and others.
This year's balloon festival theme is "Inflate your Imagination." The fiesta's morning mass ascensions launch this weekend, Wednesday and the weekend of Oct. 14-15.
Seventeen of specially shaped balloons will make their first-ever flights, officials said. Among the entries this year are the "Armadillo" from Brazil, "Pepe the Hedgehog" from the Czech Republic and "Busby the Queen's Guard" from the United Kingdom.
___
SECURITY
Balloon Fiesta officials said authorities will check peoples' bags and purses at all entry gates and park and ride locations in response to the shootings in Las Vegas. No firearms will be allowed at Balloon Fiesta Park unless carried by law enforcement officers. Bicycles, skateboards and displays of gang colors and gang signs also are banned.
Albuquerque Police Chief Gorden Eden announced there would be "enhanced security" measures in place but declined to give details.
The beefed-up security comes as Albuquerque's rising crime rate has dominated the current mayoral election. FBI statistics released last week show violent crime in Albuquerque last year jumped around 16 percent. In 2016, the city had a violent crime rate of 1,112 incidents per 100,000 residents. Albuquerque had a violent crime rate of 965.8 in 2015.
___
CONTESTS
The 2017 America's Challenge Gas Balloon Race, one of many competitions at the Balloon Fiesta, starts on Saturday.
The object of the race is for pilots to fly the greatest distance from Albuquerque while competing within the event rules.
The teams often stay aloft for two to three days and must use the winds and weather systems to their best advantage to gain the greatest distance. Flights of more than 1,000 miles are not unusual, and the winners sometimes travel as far as Canada and the U.S. East Coast.
Thursday and Friday will showcase special shape balloons launching each morning and glows — static displays of hot air balloons at sunset — in the evening.
___
THE WEATHER
The National Weather Service says much of Albuquerque is expected to see sunny weather throughout the week.
How and when the balloons launch depends on the wind. Pilots have to take into consideration wind patterns to avoid landing on American Indian land where balloon operators can be charged for making landings.
MASON, W.Va. — The Rebels keep rolling … and the White Falcons are still reeling.
The South Gallia boys basketball team won its second straight road game in league and also salvaged a season split with host Wahama on Friday night following a 62-52 victory in a Tri-Valley Conference Hocking Division contest at Gary Clark Court in Mason County.
The Rebels (6-11, 4-7 TVC Hocking) led the final 30:01 of regulation as the guests built a 15-6 first quarter lead en route to their fifth triumph in their last seven contests. SGHS also avenged a 49-48 setback in Mercerville back on Dec. 22, 2017.
The White Falcons (3-13, 2-9) — who have now dropped six consecutive decisions — claimed their only lead of the night on a pair of Noah Litchfield free throws 30 seconds into the game, and that lead held up until the 6:52 mark as Braxton Hardy tied things up with a basket.
Hardy, however, followed with eight more consecutive points over the next three-plus minutes, allowing the Red and Gold to build a 10-2 cushion.
Wahama countered with a small 4-2 run to close back to within two possessions at 12-6, but Eli Ellis nailed a trifecta just before the first quarter buzzer — giving the guests a 15-6 edge through eight minutes of play.
Bryce Nolan opened the second canto with a three-pointer that ended up giving SGHS its largest lead of the night at 18-6 just 26 seconds in, but the Red and White answered with a 10-2 charge over the next five-plus minutes while closing to within 20-16 with 1:58 left until halftime.
The Rebels — who shot just 3-of-13 from the field in the second stanza — closed the half with a small 4-2 spurt to secure a 24-18 cushion at the break.
The White Falcons whittled the lead down to 29-26 following a Jacob Warth bucket at the 5:02 mark of the third frame, but the hosts were ultimately never closer the rest of the way.
SGHS countered with three straight trifectas and a 9-1 surge over the next two-plus minutes that re-established a double-digit lead at 38-27 with 3:46 left, but the hosts responded with a 7-4 run to close out the quarter facing a 42-34 deficit.
The White Falcons were never closer than seven points down the stretch, and South Gallia never led by more than 10 points during that same span. The Rebels won the final period by a slim 20-18 margin to wrap up the 10-point decision.
South Gallia shot 45 percent from the field and had three players reach double figures, all while committing only seven turnovers as a team. The guests also forced nine of Wahama's 13 turnovers during that pivotal first half run.
Afterwards, SGHS coach Kent Wolfe was pretty pleased to get of West Virginia with a victory — particularly with one of such quality.
“I'm proud of the kids because this is not an easy place to come into and win. A lot of good teams have struggled here over the years,” Wolfe said. “We did a lot of things well tonight on both ends of the floor, particularly in playing with a lead throughout the game.
“Honestly, the kids are giving it everything they have night in and night out. They are having fun right now and it shows in how they are playing. I like the way we are playing right now.”
Wahama shot a respectable 39 percent from the floor and claimed a 34-24 edge in rebounds, including a 9-4 advantage on the offensive glass.
The nearly 2-to-1 turnover ratio, however, ultimately caught up with the hosts — particularly the 9-3 difference in miscues before halftime.
That was something the WHS coach Ron Bradley struggled with following the game, particularly given the fact that their troops put together about three-and-a-half quarters of decent basketball.
“You have to play 32 minutes, and that's been our story all year,” Bradley said. “These kids give the effort and they play hard, so I cannot fault them there. We just can't match our execution and our effort because we have too many empty possessions due to turnovers.
“Shooting percentage is a very misleading stat when another team has 10 or 15 more shots than you do. It wasn't that way tonight, but we gave them enough extra chances that it came back to bite us. We have to take better care of the basketball all the way through.”
South Gallia made 21-of-47 shot attempts overall, including a 6-of-19 effort from three-point range for 32 percent. The guests were also 14-of-24 at the free throw line for 58 percent.
Hardy led the Rebels with a game-high 26 points, with 16 of those coming the second half. Ellis was next with 15 points and a team-best six rebounds, followed by Curtis Haner with 14 markers.
Austin Stapleton was next with four points, while Nolan completed the winning tally with three markers. Hardy and Stapleton also hauled in five and four rebounds, respectively.
The White Falcons netted 18-of-46 floor attempts overall, including a 3-of-11 effort from behind the arc for 27 percent. The hosts were also 13-of-26 at the charity stripe for 50 percent.
Noah Litchfield led WHS with 20 points, followed by Abram Pauley with 15 points and Dakota Belcher with nine points to go along with a game-high nine rebounds.
Warth and Tyler Bumgarner completed the Wahama tally with four points apiece. Pauley and Litchfield also hauled in eight and six caroms, respectively.
South Gallia returns to action Monday when it hosts Trimble in a TVC Hocking contest at 7 p.m. The Rebels also travel to Waterford on Tuesday for a TVC Hocking matchup at 7 p.m.
Wahama returns to action Tuesday when it travels to Tuppers Plains for a TVC Hocking contest against Eastern at 7 p.m.
South Gallia defenders Austin Day (44) and Austin Stapleton (12) apply pressure to Wahama's Brady Bumgarner (23) during the first half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.3-SG-Day.jpg South Gallia defenders Austin Day (44) and Austin Stapleton (12) apply pressure to Wahama's Brady Bumgarner (23) during the first half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. Bryan Walters|OVP Sports Wahama's Abram Pauley releases a shot attempt over a handful of South Gallia defenders during the second half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.3-WAH-Abram.jpg Wahama's Abram Pauley releases a shot attempt over a handful of South Gallia defenders during the second half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. Bryan Walters|OVP Sports Wahama defender Dakota Belcher blocks a South Gallia shot attempt during the first half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_WAH-Block.jpg Wahama defender Dakota Belcher blocks a South Gallia shot attempt during the first half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) Bryan Walters|OVP Sports South Gallia's Braxton Hardy (1) releases a shot attempt during a blocking foul on Wahama defender Tyler Bumgarner (34) during the second half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_SG-Hardy.jpg South Gallia's Braxton Hardy (1) releases a shot attempt during a blocking foul on Wahama defender Tyler Bumgarner (34) during the second half of Friday night's TVC Hocking boys basketball contest in Mason, W.Va. (Bryan Walters|OVP Sports) Bryan Walters|OVP Sports
By Bryan Walters bwalters@aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The jump from two children to three is a big one.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will now have to get used to three little royals running around the house, as Kate has given birth to a new little prince.
Luckily for the couple, 53 per cent of parents says three children is the perfect amount.
But there are a few things they will need to do differently when raising a third child.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Sue Atkins , parenting expert for Care.com has a few tips for the royal couple.
Embrace individualism
It's extremely important in a big family to remember that every child is different.
They will all have different interests, passions, strengths and weaknesses.
This means it's vital that parents don't just treat them as a group, but treat them as different individual people.
Let the older children help with the new baby
Sue believes Kate and Wills should let Prince George and Princess Charlotte help out with their new baby brother.
They say: "It's a good idea to let older children help with your new addition, as it will bond them with their new sibling avoiding upset and jealousy later."
Don't be afraid to ask for help
A third baby means a LOT more work, even if you're royal.
Even though Kate and Wills have a lot more professional help than normal new parents, there is still a lot more to do.
Find unique ways to help your children bond with the baby
Some children will fall in love with their new baby brother or sister straight away, but for some it's not quite as simple.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
Sue says: "Some children are natural baby lovers and it will be loved at first sight. But also remember other kids can feel jealous of having to share your time and attention….. nip sibling rivalry in the bud. Create the ‘We Team Mentality' in your home and watch your family flourish.
Try to spend time with each child individually, but don't be to hard on yourself
Spend time with each child individually
Having three kids can be hard work but it's important to try
Sue says: "This is a tricky balance. You want to make sure you give each child individual time with you, just don't spread yourself too thin.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Kate Middleton's camera-ready secrets as Duchess wows in stilettos just hours after 'effortless' labour
"Find naturally easy times to connect, chat, play and listen to your child individually at times.
"If you don't spend exactly the same amount of time with each child that's not a problem, they will enjoy the benefits of growing up in a busy household."
You can read more of Sue's tips on their website .
© YouTube
The
Prince admitted an "incidental" meeting but denied anything of consequence was discussed, blaming "permanent seditious bureaucrats" in the US intelligence community for leaking the information.
Erik Prince, the founder of the mercenary company Blackwater, admitted that they met with an ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin during then-President-elect Donald Trump's transition."U.S. officials said the FBI has been scrutinizing the Seychelles meeting as part of a broader probe of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election and alleged contacts between associates of Putin and Trump," the Post noted.In an interview with the Financial Times that was published on Monday, Prince acknowledge that the meeting had occurred but insisted that it was "incidental."Prince also said that the business their current company, Frontier Services Group, was doing with China did not include mercenary services.But Peter Singer of the New America Foundation told the Financial Times that "Machiavelli would be amused, but not surprised" at Prince's collaboration with the Chinese government."It is fascinating to see someone, who was so quick to wrap themselves in the flag whenever there was a controversy in the past, now go to work for a US adversary." Singer said.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's International Trade Ministers have covered the same distance from the Earth to the Moon, jetting around the world to try and strike post- Brexit deals.
But Liam Fox and their team have failed to secure a single commitment - despite racking up 240,000 taxpayer-funded air miles.
By comparison, the moon is 238,600 miles from our planet.
Analysis by Labour found Dr Fox and their DIT deputies cruised the skies for 400 hours aboard 100 planes between July and December.
The Secretary of State alone has clocked up more than 60,000 miles on official visits to three continents, Labour said.
They included a five-day trip to India, four days to Brazil, three days to Oman and a two-day trip to Germany.
(Photo: PA)
The findings came from a trawl of publicly-availably transparency data showing that since it was created by Theresa May last July, the Department for International Trade has dispatched its four ministers on 35 trips involving 100 flights covering an estimated 243,170 miles.
But despite their jet-setting across the globe, the quartet has yet to secure a single firm commitment to an immediate free trade agreement after the UK leaves the European Union in 2019.
Cabinet ministers spent more than £1.3million on foreign trips in the six months following last June's referendum.
In addition to the bill racked up by Mr Fox, Theresa May spent £639, 058 on overseas travel in just six months, the Foreign Office £260,000 and the Department for Culture £53,205.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson covered more than 45,000 air miles during the period and their deputy Alok Sharma 93,000 miles.
The bill for Mr Johnson's travels was £88,288.
(Photo: WENN)
Shadow Cabinet Office Minister Andrew Gwynne said: “It is shocking to see that at a time when Britain faces ground zero for our global trade deals, Liam Fox and their team are doing nothing except racking up air miles.
“Liam Fox is unable to secure even a single firm commitment for a trade deal, despite the Brexit Secretary promising to deliver ‘a free trade area massively larger than the EU', before we even leave.
“This is just further proof that the Tory Government has their head in the clouds on the challenges posed by Brexit .
“Ministers have already flown the distance from Earth to Moon on their hopeless excursions, but it seems we are still many galaxies away from Liam Fox finding us our first free trade deal.”
The study also found that the Department has failed to launch even one trade mission to Africa, despite the continent being home to five of the 20 fastest-growing global economies, and the Government's stated ambition to re-embrace the Commonwealth.
(Photo: PA)
Ministers have taken 15 trips to Asia, 12 trips around Europe, four to North America and three to South America.
Destinations included Singapore, Australia, Indonesia, Thailand, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Burma, China, South Korea, Japan, Mexico, Colombia, the US, Qatar, Turkey, Israel, Norway, Slovenia, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Austria and France.
Labour claimed the revelations “raise new concerns about Dr Fox's ability to deliver for free trade”, and the purpose of “highly-paid Ministerial posts that cannot deliver any free trade deals before Britain fully leaves the EU”.
A Department for International Trade spokesperson said: “Promoting UK businesses and attracting foreign investment is precisely why this Department was created.
“Overseas visits by Ministers has helped DIT secure more than £16.3 billion worth of foreign direct investment to the UK.
“As we prepare to leave the EU, you'd expect our ministers to travel overseas to build relationships with key global trading partners.”
Dr Fox shocks with Philippine comments
Among the countries Liam Fox has visited for trade talks was the Philippines, early this month, where they were criticised for saying the UK has “shared values” with the country when they met the country's president, Rodrigo Duterte, who has boasted of personally killing criminals.
Mr Duterte's war on drugs has left thousands of people dead since their election last year.
They have urged the public to kill drug addicts, who they said they would be “happy to slaughter” in their millions.
Dr Fox said: “The UK and the Philippines have a well-established and strong relationship built on a foundation of shared values and shared interests and we want this partnership to continue to flourish.”
Shadow international trade secretary Barry Gardiner said Dr Fox's comments said at the beginning of April were “frankly shocking”.
Not all schools report delays and closures to Northwest Public Radio. Please check with your school district if your school is not listed here.
Wahluke SD: 2 Hours Late, No AM preschool
NEW YORK (AP) — It's time to put a wrap on 2016.
The year ended the same way it began with UConn winning — and winning, and winning. The Huskies have won 88 consecutive games, two short of their own record.
Talk about a good year, coach Geno Auriemma went 51-0, including winning 12 games while coaching the U.S. women's Olympic team to its sixth straight gold medal in Rio.
Even Auriemma, who never seems to care about streaks and records, was amused when they were made aware of their undefeated mark during the calendar year.
“You don't think about it as it's happening, but yeah that's kinda cool,” they said after their top-ranked team beat No. 4 Maryland 87-81 on Thursday night.
During its current winning streak, the Huskies also set an NCAA road winning streak record with their 31st straight victory away from home Sunday.
Other things that happened this week:
POLL MUSINGS: There should be a major shake-up in the Top 25 after 10 ranked teams lost at least one game. Also, four of the top five teams in the receiving votes group also lost. If Kentucky ends up falling out, the Wildcats streak of 131 consecutive weeks ranked would end. That's the fifth longest active streak and seventh longest ever.
ALL-ACCESS PASS: Viewers were treated to something new in Seton Hall's win over St. John's on Friday night. The Big East and Fox Sports offered a commercial-free telecast that had both coaches wearing microphones for the entire game. It gave an all-access look at both teams, the first time there was so much unfiltered access for a major live sporting event.
PAT SUMMITT AWARD: ESPN broadcaster Holly Rowe and Appalachian State women's basketball coach Angel Elderkin are co-recipients of the USBWA Pat Summitt Most Courageous Award. Rowe has also been battling cancer this year. They had surgery in February to remove a cancerous tumor in their chest and a malignant tumor under their right arm.
SCARY MOMENT: Suzy Merchant fainted while coaching Michigan State against Illinois on Sunday. The 47-year-old Merchant was evaluated by the school's medical staff on the court during the fourth quarter before walking to the locker room. They were later taken to a hospital for tests and was expected to be kept overnight as a precaution. Michigan State beat the Illini 74-47 in its Big Ten opener, improving to 11-3 overall. Merchant is in their 10th season at Michigan State and has a 215-99 record.
HONORING RACHEL: Minnesota retired former star Rachel Banham's jersey on Sunday. They finished their career as the Big Ten's all-time leading scorer with 3,093 points. Banham played for Minnesota from 2011-16 and tied an NCAA record with a 60-point game Feb. 8, 2016, at Northwestern. Banham, the No. 4 pick in the 2016 WNBA draft, holds Gophers records with 914 points in a season, 1,081 career field goals, 354 career 3-pointers and 577 career free throws.
HONORING ELIZABETH: Duke retired former star Elizabeth Williams' No. 1 jersey on Thursday at halftime of a 69-54 win over No. 17 Kentucky. Williams is the third player in the history of the women's program to have their number retired, joining Alana Beard's No. 20 and Lindsey Harding's No. 10 in the rafters of Cameron Indoor Stadium.
“It's really hard to describe” the emotions, Williams said. “It was kind of a combination of excitement, gratitude and humbleness. I was really humbled by this whole thing and to finally see it. It was really incredible.”
She's the only player in Atlantic Coast Conference history selected to four AP All-America teams and she's also the league's first player with more than 1,900 points, 1,000 rebounds and 400 blocked shots during their career.
___
Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amanda Holden sparkled in a silver sequined dress tonight as they graced the Britain's Got Talent stage.
The judge, 47, wore a figure-hugging tasselled dress which accentuated their long tanned legs.
Pairing the outfit with large silver circle earrings, they styled their hair in a sharp and slick bob.
This comes after the stunning judge was trolled over their short "see-through" dress last night by fuming viewers.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
They showed off their slim figure in a fitted black mesh, panelled dress with a split up the side.
Them hair was pulled back into a slick ponytail and they finished off the look with smoky eyes.
But some viewers were not keen on the look and slammed them for "not wearing anything".
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
One tweeted: "BGT - this is supposed to a family show! Amanda holdens dress or simon Cowell unbuttoned shirt are not appropriate attire, and david Walliams saying a{*e last night is not good enough!"
While another fumed: " Why does Amanda Holden think she's still in their 20s??? Mutton dressed as lamb‍♀️ #BGT."
A third wrote: "What is Amanda Holden's problem with clothes? It's 7:30pm. There are children watching #BGT."
But others didn't understand the fuss and thought they looked amazing.
One remarked: "Can we talk about how beautiful Amanda Holden looks."
Another gushed: "ALESHA AND AMANDA LOOK SO GOOD THEY'RE LITERALLY BREATHTAKING WOW #bgt."
This comes after last night's first live show ended up in chaos.
The semi-final was dramatically forced off air for 15 minutes, which Simon Cowell had joked was because Ant McPartlin had "sabotaged" the show.
*Britain's Got Talent returns tomorrow at 7.30pm on ITV
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
UK fans can watch the dawn of a new era for IMPACT Wrestling when the pay-per-view Redemption airs online tomorrow.
Titles changed hands, new signings arrived and legends rolled back the years when the U.S. wrestling company held a sizzling show on Sunday.
Anthem Sports and Entertainment has relaunched the brand under an executive committee of Ed Nordholm, Scott D'Amore and Don Callis .
Redemption, held at the Impact Zone in Orlando, Florida and booked by the promotion's new management team, has received rave reviews.
And it came hot on the heels of WWE's American rival , formerly known as TNA Wrestling, revealing some huge news for loyal British fans.
(Image: Impact Wrestling)
After weeks of negotiations, IMPACT has announced a new partnership with Spike TV, which is part of the Channel 5 stable.
Its flagship show IMPACT will continue to air every Friday at 11pm on 5Spike in the UK, less than 24 hours after it airs in the States.
5Spike is available to watch on Sky TV channel 160, Freeview 31, Freesat 141 and Virgin Media 154.
However, IMPACT will also now air without delay on the Global Wrestling Network (GWN) app - as part of the FREE tier of the app.
This means for the first time UK fans can watch it 'live' when it airs in the US (at 1am on Fridays) or any time after that 'on demand'.
(Image: © Impact Wrestling)
All IMPACT Wrestling's pay-per-view and One Night Only events - including Redemption - will now be part of the app's subscription tier.
Fans can subscribe to the GWN app for $7.99 (under £6) and the first month is also FREE.
Subscribers also get more than 1,000 hours of classic content and original programming, from every pay-per-view event in TNA/Impact history to weekly episodes of Xplosion.
IMPACT will make its long-awaited return to these shores with a full live show at Wrestling MediaCon 2018 later this year.
It will host an event at the Bowlers Exhibition Centre in Manchester on September 9 - its first British show since January 2016.
London's acclaimed Revolution Pro Wrestling will also present a two-day tournament over the bumper weekend on September 8 and 9.
There will be guest matches from America's National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), Newcastle-based Defiant Wrestling and Hull's New Generation Wrestling (NGW).
Some of the world's top wrestling journalists, YouTubers, podcasters and personalities will run live shows, Q&As, plus meet and greets.
Redemption will broadcast on the GWN app on Wednesday, April 25. You can find out more about the GWN app here
Tickets for IMPACT Wrestling's live event can be bought as standalone tickets or along with a Wrestling MediaCon ticket.
Tickets for Wrestling MediaCon 2018 are available here
Sheamus has a message for Celtic as they seek Sco
Robert Lewandowski fit and raring to go against R
Steward gives not so thorough searches at Tottenh
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The big question on Antonio Conte's lips this week will be whether the ‘rats' have the minerals for the run-in.
Eden Hazard was man-marked out of the Manchester United game by Ander Herrera on Sunday.
Diego Costa played like a man who was aching to be sent off.
And when Cesc Fabregas came on as Chelsea's Plan B they didn't have anything like the impact their manager will have wanted with so much on the line.
We all know how those three threw it in under Jose Mourinho last season.
So if I was Conte I'd be wondering if I needed to be concerned that something similar was happening or if they are going to rediscover the spirit of champions again.
(Photo: Michael Regan)
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
If they do, then Chelsea will win the Premier League title at a canter.
But if even one of them chokes again then the Blues could be in serious trouble with Tottenham eyes on the prize.
Conte, and the rest of us for that matter, will get a major indicator on Saturday when Chelsea and Spurs meet at Wembley in the first of the weekend's FA Cup semi-finals.
Should Chelsea win that game, then psychologically it will send a message to Spurs that they are still the better team and have the cojones for the battle.
But if Spurs come out on top then their momentum continues and Chelsea will seriously be beginning to wobble.
(Photo: 2017 Getty Images)
Hazard and Costa, in particular, have been superb for most of the season, both scoring goals and, in the Belgian's case, creating them too.
But Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino will have seen the job Ander Herrera did on Hazard and that might just change the way Eric Dier is deployed and, for that matter, other opponents when they return to the Premier League are too.
Don't get me wrong, I really like Herrera as a player.
But they have been made to sound like N'Golo Kante, Sergio Busquets and Claude Makelele rolled into one in the past couple of days and that just isn't the case.
I've been scratching my head as to why the league leaders would go to somewhere like Old Trafford at this stage of the season and be so inept.
(Photo: PA)
And I keep coming back to the fact that, when they went on that run of 13 successive league victories they kept 10 clean sheets and only conceded four goals.
But in the last 10 Premier League games they haven't kept one clean sheet and there is obviously a reason for that.
Defensively, the work ethic has clearly gone down a little bit, from Costa as the man leading the press up the pitch, right through the team.
The way Chelsea set up, Marcus Rashford should never have been allowed to score their goal on Sunday, yet it showed Mourinho's men had their old side's number from the first minute of the game.
After watching that, Spurs too will think they are there for the taking.
And if they inflict another defeat then Conte and their men are in for a very tricky final few weeks of the season.
As an expandable smart home solution with numerous optional sensors, this starter pack has plenty of further potential in terms of protecting an extensive property. But as a single surveillance setup, it lacks the resolution and features like security lighting which are found on rival cameras.
Rather like Samsung's successful SmartThings home monitoring kit, Panasonic has launched its own system that puts the emphasis on security and in this starter pack – priced at £250 (around $305, AU$405) – it concentrates on surveillance. Another difference is that it uses DECT (Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecoms) to communicate between the hub unit and the two bundled cameras, making it virtually hack-proof and giving it a much wider range (up to 300m), which better suits commercial premises.
With two wireless IP55-spec waterproof cameras included, you can keep tabs on the perimeter or interior of your property, with alerts being sent to your smartphone, or indeed, your DECT landline if you wish.
Once you have your cameras set up – and this is surprisingly easy thanks to the ‘push-pairing' procedure – you might be tempted to add Panasonic's window lock and water leak sensors, but for now, we'll concentrate on what's in the box.
Design and installation
Unlike most of the CCTV cameras we've tested, like the Nest Cam Outdoor to give an example, Panasonic's wireless cameras require a communication hub unit. This square plastic device looks rather smart mounted on the wall, where it can be wired to your Wi-Fi router and the mains.
The hub connects via Wi-Fi to your phone, but to the two cameras by the more energy-efficient and secure DECT protocol. The cameras have a smooth plastic waterproof design, and can be mounted on their metal pivoting brackets for wall or ceiling mounting, inside or outdoors. Their dangling power cables are fixed and quite long, so they should reach back inside the property before connecting to their respective power adapters, which are not weather-resistant.
After we had chosen suitable locations for the cameras and screwed them in place, the rest of the installation process took just a few minutes thanks to the helpful companion app. Panasonic's Home Network app is a free download to your iOS or Android device, and it walks you through the connection of the hub to your home network. The cameras are even quicker to connect thanks to the asupervisorstioned push-pairing nature of the DECT communication system. In short, it's slightly simpler to install than Samsung's SmartThings setup.
Spec Sheet Here are the full specs of the Panasonic KX-HN6002EW: Type: IP camera Location: Indoor/outdoor Mounting: Wall/ceiling brackets included Connectivity: Wi-Fi and DECT Resolution: VGA (640 x 480) Night Vision: IR LED Motion sensor: Yes Audio: Two-way sound Battery: No Local video storage: microSD (4GB included) App support: Android/iOS Subscription: Free Size/Weight: 75 x 175 x 75mm (W x H x D); 305g
Features
Each identical camera is equipped with IR motion sensors that can detect movement up to 12 metres away in the dark. You can choose between VGA image quality and even lower resolution, but we wouldn't recommend compromising the very limited picture quality even further. These cameras also offer two-way sound.
The hub unit's microSD card slot is crucial because it allows you to store up to 32GB of video locally, so you don't need to sign up to any expensive cloud storage subscriptions as with Nest and the like. A 4GB microSD card is supposedly bundled with the pack, although there wasn't one in our review sample, sadly.
Using the app, you can choose to record seconds or minutes of video whenever the motion sensors are triggered and/or set off the hub alarm. Yes, the hub on the wall also acts as a flashing, bleeping burglar alarm.
Performance
The cameras worked successfully in sensing motion and capturing video of ourselves pretending to burgle our own office, both in daylight and in the dark. However, the big downfall here is the picture quality. In an era of 4K resolution, VGA just doesn't cut it anymore. The image quality is too low to identify faces or car registration plates, and in low light there's a further drop in quality. The 0.3-megapixel sensor that Panasonic is using here simply isn't good enough.
It's a similar story with the audio. The microphone and speaker can just about get the message across, but you can expect to sound like a Dalek (mind you, that might have its advantages when trying to scare intruders).
The motion detection worked every time, recording video clips on the microSD card and sending alerts to our iPhone. However, there's quite a delay, which meant that on some of the recorded video clips, the pretend burglar had already dashed past, and didn't appear on film at all.
New ally
Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said Tuesday that they aimed to ease east-west strains within the European Union, as their new right-wing government welcomed Hungary's incendiary Prime Minister Viktor Orban in Vienna."In particular since the start of the migrant crisis (in 2015) tensions have grown in the European Union," Kurz told a joint news conference with Orban in the Austrian capital."Our great aim in Austria is to be a bridge-builder in this respect between the Visegrad states and the countries in western Europe," the 31-year-old conservative said.A rift has emerged in recent years between Brussels and the Visegrad group of Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia -- and in particular with Warsaw and Budapest.A sweeping revamp of state institutions by the nationalist governments in both countries has raised worries about the rule of law, judicial independence and media freedom.Both have been the subject of legal action by the European Commission and they haveOrban has called immigration the "Trojan Horse of terrorism" and described migrants as "Muslim invaders" of a Christian Europe."The biggest danger today to the hopeful future of central Europe is migration of peoples," Orban told the news conference with Kurz on Tuesday."When I say that the future needs to be protected I mean thatOrban said.Hungary and Poland are likely to have something of a new ally in Austria, although both Kurz and Orban on Tuesday sought to quash speculation that Austria might even join Visegrad."Today is a new start" in relations, Orban said.and has praised Hungary for building fences in 2015 on its southern border, an outer frontier of the Schengen zone.The EU scheme, Kurz said Tuesday, "isn't working... We have to stop illegal immigration in order to ensure security in Europe. I am glad that there has been a change in thinking in many European countries in recent years."Orban, 54, was expected to get an even more sympathetic audience later Tuesday in a meeting with Heinz-Christian Strache, head of the far-right Freedom Party (FPÖ).Since December the FPÖ, which opposes immigration, has been Kurz's coalition partner.Strache told a news conference with Orban that instead of insulting the Hungarian premier in 2015 during the migrant crisis, Austria's government "should have thanked him" for protecting the Schengen outer border.Orban, Kurz and Strache acknowledged however that they differ on some issues, in particular Austria's plans to sue the European Commission for allowing Hungary to expand its Paks nuclear plant with a 10-billion-euro ($12.4-billion) Russian loan.Orban also said that Kurz's plans to cut child benefits for people working in Austria but whose families live elsewhere amounted to "discrimination". Kurz said the changes "are about justice".
Freida Jean Risner, 60 of Fostoria, passed away early Sunday morning, December 10, 2017 at Toledo Hospital.
They were born November 23, 1957 in Fostoria to the late Gerald and Geneva (Marshall) Barnett.
Surviving are daughters, Alicia Risner of Fostoria and London Gott of Toledo; and brothers, Tim (Tina) Barnett and Mark Barnett, both of Fostoria.
Visitation is Wednesday, December 13, 2017 from 5-7 p.m. at MANN-HARE-HOENING FUNERAL HOME 407 N. Countyline St., Fostoria, where funeral services will begin at 7:15 p.m. with Rev. William A. Bentley presiding.
Memorials are suggested to a charity of the family's choice c/o the funeral home.
Online expressions of sympathy may be made by visiting www.hoeningfuneralhome.com.
Comments
comments
Cagliari, December 11 - A factory worker won two million euros with a scratch card in a bar in Sardinia's Sulcis area Monday. The man shouted "I've won two million euros" before realising they might have blown their cover, jumping in their car and driving off without letting the bar owner verify the win. Gambling has soared in the area, among Italy's poorest, amid the recent economic crisis.
Apple overtook Samsung in the fourth quarter as the largest smartphone producer in a declining global market for handsets, research firm IDC said Friday.
A survey by IDC showed Apple — which reported its quarterly data Thursday — led all vendors with 77.3 million iPhones sold, giving it a 19.2 percent market share.
Even though Apple's fourth-quarter unit sales were down 1.3 percent from a year earlier, it was able to move ahead of South Korea's Samsung, whose 74.1 million devices sold gave it a market share of 18.4 percent, IDC said.
Huawei held the number three position with a 10.2 percent market share, followed by fellow Chinese makers Xiaomi and Oppo, with 7.0 and 6.8 percent, respectively, according to IDC.
Overall smartphone sales were down 6.3 percent with 403.5 million handsets shipped, according to the survey.
IDC said the data showed consumers appeared in no rush to upgrade to the most expensive flagship smartphones from Apple and Samsung.
“The latest flock of posh flagships may have had consumers hitting the pause button in the holiday quarter,” said Anthony Scarsella, an IDC research manager.
Scarsella said these high-end devices “proved to be more of a luxury than a necessity among upgraders.”
IDC analyst Jitesh Ubrani said that as the top brands expanded their offerings, “brands outside the top five struggled to maintain momentum.”
Samsung, which reported a 4.4 percent decline in the fourth quarter, remained the top smartphone vendor for the full year with a 21.6 percent market share, to Apple's 14.7 percent, IDC said.
Overall smartphone sales for 2017 were virtually flat — down 0.1 percent at 1.47 billion units, the report said.
Huawei's share for 2017 was 10.4 percent, followed by Oppo (7.6 percent) and Xiaomi (6.3 percent), IDC said.
Huawei has been seeking to grow its market share but faced a recent setback by failing to strike deals with US carriers, following concerns voiced in Washington over the Chinese maker's ties to the Beijing government.
A separate survey from Strategy Analytics found similar market share for smartphone vendors but found a nine percent drop in fourth-quarter sales, described as the largest decline in the smartphone era.
“The shrinkage in global smartphone shipments was caused by a collapse in the huge China market, where demand fell 16 percent annually due to longer replacement rates, fewer operator subsidies and a general lack of wow models,” said Linda Sui of Strategy Analytics.
-AFP
John Terry set to leave Chelsea at the end of the
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea travels to Manchester City 's Academy Stadium tonight for the first leg of their FA Youth Cup final.
It is the third consecutive time the clubs have faced off for the biggest prize in English youth football - Chelsea winning 5-2 in 2015 and 4-2 in 2016 on aggregate - and Jody Morris' side will be aiming for the club's sixth triumph in just eight years.
With a new pair of eyes in charge of first team affairs now in Antonio Conte, players will be keen to impress in a bid to join the first team for pre-season this summer. City, too, have an exceptional set-up and will look to Pep Guardiola to utilise the exciting pool of talent at their disposal.
There will be an array of talent involved over both games and fans will have an opportunity to glimpse the stars of the future - here are five of them to look out for:
Trevoh Chalobah
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
The younger brother of first team player Nathaniel Chalobah, Trevoh is emerging as a real leader at the back for Morris' side.
Look for Chalobah to play the David Luiz role in the 3-4-3 formation: specifically when City drop off, the Sierra Leone-born talent will step up and look to play long, arching passes into their team-mates' feet.
Tall, strong and powerful, this could very well be the centre-back England have been missing since the golden age.
Perhaps their most unique quality is the manner in which they will charge forward once they have neatly sidestepped a challenge or two before feeding the ball out wide to launch a counter-attack.
Chalobah will then drive forward in hope of receiving the return ball or offering a presence inside the penalty area for crosses.
Jadon Sancho
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
A left winger with incredibly quick feet, Jadon Sancho has transitioned well from London to Manchester City's academy and is already training with the first team under the watchful eye of Guardiola.
You can immediately see the influence from Neymar by the way they attack opposing full-backs. Though Sancho is always looking to work it back on to their right, the speed at which they are able to role the ball back on to their left and spin in behind makes them a nightmare for defenders.
"When I get the ball one v one position, I always think how can I beat him," Sancho told City's official YouTube channel. "I'll just tease him, keep on the ball and run alongside them and wait until they stick a leg in. I know when a full-back likes pressing me or standing off me, which gives me an advantage."
Phil Foden
(Photo: West Bromwich Albion FC)
At the heart of Lee Carsley's midfield, Foden is happiest when spraying passes with their wonderful left foot.
Breaking the lines with perfectly-weighted through balls, but also eager to carry the ball forward when afforded space, much like Jack Wilshere.
Foden will look to combine with Sancho when they come off the left wing, with the key to stopping City likely to come from stopping the Stockport-born starlet feeding their team-mate in behind.
When City are purring, it's Foden at the heart of it and when on song, he's one of the most enjoyable young players in English football.
Mason Mount
(Photo: CameraSport)
It will be fascinating over the two legs who control the middle of the pitch and Mount could rival Foden to influence the tie most in this area.
Right-footed, though comfortable enough to strike at goal with their weaker left, Mount glides across the turf in a way unseen in English football for quite some time with shades of Adam Lallana to their game.
When the level increases, often the difference can be bravery to receive the possession under pressure and Mount almost enjoys being fed the ball with opponents on their case. A low centre of gravity and comfort to turn off either foot in possession mean their style is more entwined with Spanish football.
Dujon Sterling
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Sterling is versatile and can play all along the right side and will certainly be compared with Victor Moses by first team boss Antonio Conte when watching the 17-year-old closely.
One of the quickest players of their age over five meters, Sterling is able to expertly slow or stop their run before accelerating past opponents with a subtle change of direction, usually by dropping their left shoulder.
Sterling seems to enjoy the defensive side of the game too and smartly tracks the left winger, even when the action is on the opposite side of the pitch to strongly defend the back post.
The first leg of the FA Youth Cup final, Manchester City vs Chelsea, is live on ITV4 from 7:30pm on Tuesday April 18.
ISLAMABAD: A meeting of the National Security Committee was held in Islamabad on Friday with Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi in the chair.
The National Security Committee reviewed the security situation in the region and strongly condemned the recent spate of terrorist attacks in Kabul. It observed that the government and people of Pakistan shared the shock, grief and sorrow of their Afghan brethren and stood by their side in complete solidarity.
The Committee emphasized that the people of Pakistan understand the pain and anguish of the people of Afghanistan.
The Committee further observed that the reaction of the Afghan government was based on misconceptions created by certain foreign elements.
The Committee expressed the resolve to forge ahead, despite difficulties, with positive engagement with Afghanistan, including the already planned visit of the Pakistani delegation to Kabul tomorrow, for discussions on Pakistan's proposed “Afghanistan-Pakistan Action Plan for Solidarity.”
The Committee expressed satisfaction over the progress made with regard to border controls with Afghanistan and noted that the Afghan government should support the fencing of the Pakistan-Afghanistan border as it being in the interest of both countries.
The National Security Committee reviewed the actions taken by the Government of Pakistan and provincial governments to fulfill the country's international responsibilities under the Financial Action Task Force framework.
The National Security Committee reaffirmed Pakistan's position of continuing to play its role for regional stability and peace.—Radio Pakistan
loading...
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew their private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that they didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said they owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that they had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
They were a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when they crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. They were flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and their passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 they crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A killer dad who murdered their eight-week-old baby daughter because they wouldn't stop crying spent £200 a week on cannabis with the girl's mum.
Health professionals failed to spot the couple's drug habit - even though they were starving themselves to pay for the addition, a report found.
John Burrill, 32, threw their newborn baby daughter Daisy-Mae on a sofa in irritation and frustration when they woke up crying in March 2016.
Burrill has never admitted how they inflicted their fatal injuries, but their trial was told they lost their temper when they would not go to sleep.
They admitted killing their young daughter but denied murder; however, they were found guilty following a trial at Preston Crown Court, Lancashire .
Tests and scans revealed little Daisy had a number of injuries to their head, legs and ribs, which experts said were 'non-accidental'.
(Image: PA)
The court heard they swung the tot by their legs against a hard surface, cracking their skull and causing their heart to stop.
They were jailed for life with a minimum of 18 years behind bars in October.
A serious case review said doctors, health visitors and midwives were all unaware of their parents' cannabis use.
Although the report said Burrill's brutal attack on their eight-week-old daughter could not have been predicted, it also admitted more could now be done to highlight the dangers of using the illegal drug around children.
The report revealed that Burrill attended A&E twice for injuries they sustained after punching walls and police raided the family home twice looking for drugs before Daisy was born.
The family's rented home in Fleetwood, Lancashire, was riddled with damp and the couple were heavily in debt, often going hungry as a result, because of their drug habit.
The Lancashire Safeguarding Children board report said: "They used cannabis on a daily basis and would at time spend up to £200-a-week on cannabis."
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Both parents were interviewed for the report and claimed they "always prioritised" their children's needs before spending money on cannabis, a class B drug.
Burrill said they had "never hit anyone", while Ms Cox said they "had no concerns at any time" that they would hurt the children or her, despite their furious outbursts.
Both said it was "unlikely" they would have admitted to using drugs if asked but the report said it was a "challenge to understand" how it went unnoticed.
While it said Burrill had "higher usage", the report added: "The impact of significant amounts of the family budget being spent on cannabis affected them both.
"[Burrill] said they worked for very long hours and both they and [Ms Cox] had lost significant amounts of weight as they often went without food."
In a victim impact statement read before the court last year, Ms Cox said: "I have lost everything that was my life.
"I haven't been able to eat or sleep properly since this happened."
From Rep. Dave Heaton
UPFRONT
April 24, 2018
Title: Shining Some Light on Higher Drug Costs
Most of my work here at the Capitol involves the H.H.S. Budget and the Human Resources Committee. I also serve on the House Oversight Committee.
The Oversight Committee has a broad range of responsibilities overseeing the activities of all levels and aspects of state government. So far this year, we've examined the activities of the I.C.N. and the misuse of funds by its former director.
Last Wednesday we began an investigation of the alleged overcharging local governments, in this case the Wapello County Jail, for their prescription drug costs in excess of what the P.B.M. was paying the pharmacy for providing the prescriptions.
Wapello County officials cited multiple cases in which they said CVS Caremark, a P.B.M., was paying local pharmacies as little as $2.69 to fill prescriptions, yet billing the county $124. This payment method is known as “paying the spread,” the difference between what is charged to the payer and what is paid to the pharmacy.
The situation involves “pharmacy benefit managers” or P.B.M.'s, that manage prescription drug programs on behalf of health plans.
In the United States, a P.B.M. is a third party administrator of prescription drug programs for commercial health plans, self-insured employer plans, Medicare Part D plans, the federal employee's health benefit program, and state government employee plan.
According to the American Pharmacists Association (APhA), “P.B.M.s are primarily responsible for developing and maintaining the formulary, contracting with pharmacies, negotiating discounts and rebates with drug manufacturers, and processing and paying prescription drug claims. For the most part, they work with self-insured companies and government programs striving to maintain or reduce the pharmacy expenditures of the plan while concurrently trying to improve health care outcomes.”
In 2007, the function of P.B.M.'s changed “from simply processing prescription transactions to managing the pharmacy benefit for health plans,” negotiating “drug discounts with pharmaceutical manufacturers,” and providing “drug utilization reviews and disease management.” P.B.M.s also created a formulary that encouraged or even required “health plan participants to use preferred formulary products to treat their condition.” The three largest P.B.M's in the United States including Express Scripts, CVS Caremark and Optum RX control the distribution of 85% of all prescription drugs.
It is the desire of the Oversight Committee that we could pass legislation that lend transparency to the functioning of these P.B.M.s. Their purchasing power has created almost a monopoly on the pricing and payment for prescription drugs. The Committee will continue its investigation of the effects, the use of “the spread” and its effect on the pharmacies being able to meet their costs of operations.
Recent increases in prescription drug prices and patients' ability to afford them have received much attention from policymakers and the media, with particular focus on patients' out-of-pocket (OOP) expenditures for drugs. For insured patients, an important element of OOP spending is the copayment, a fixed dollar amount paid per prescription by the patient. The term “copayment” suggests that the patient and insurer are sharing the total cost of the drug – the patient pays the copayment, and the insurer pays the remaining cost. But recent investigations have shown that on some prescription claims, the total cost of the drug is less than the patient's copayment, and the insurer or pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) keeps the difference in what is known as a “clawback.” Some pharmacists have expressed frustration that they are bound by “gag clauses” in their contracts with insurers and P.B.M.s not to disclose to patients when they could save money by not using their insurance because of such practices.
National studies have been conducted on the effect that this “clawback” has on the patient overpayment for their prescriptions. In a study involving over 9.6 million prescriptions, “the clawback” occurred in over 25% of claims involving overpayment. The amount of overpayment varied from a minimal amount to a high of over 50% of the national average retail price per prescription.
I met with our state's largest pharmacy, Hy-Vee, and I asked them if “the clawback” existed in Iowa and was there a gag clause that prevented the pharmacists from stating the customer could purchase the drug cheaper if they could bypass their insurance and pay cash. The representative of Hy-Vee said, “yes” such contracts exist from some P.B.M.s and the pharmacies they serve.
I am proposing legislation this year if passed by this legislature and passed on to the Governor that would do three things;
A pharmacy benefits manager would be prohibited from:
Prohibiting a pharmacist or pharmacy from providing an insured individual information on the amount of the insured's cost share for such insured's prescription drug and the clinical efficacy of the more affordable alternative drug if one is available. Neither a pharmacy nor a pharmacist shall be penalized by a pharmacy benefits manager for disclosing such information to an insured or for selling to an insured a more affordable alternative if one is available, including but not limited to the cash price for insured's prescription drug; Charging or collecting from an insured a copayment that exceeds the total submitted charges by the network pharmacy; Any amount paid by an insured pursuant to this section shall be applied toward any deductible the insured has under the insured's health plan.
In today's rising healthcare costs and the impact it is having on the citizens of our State, I think it is important that in this complex world of healthcare we need as much transparency in our health system as possible. We need to make sure that those who are paying the bill for their healthcare are paying the correct price and are not victims by those who would take advantage of a lack of transparency in the delivery of those services.
I think with the passage of this legislation we will take a step forward in accomplishing this goal.
Dave Heaton, State Representative,
State House, Des Moines, Iowa 50319
Phone: 515-281-7327~Fax: 515-281-6958
E-mail: dave.heaton@legis.state.ia.us
Web page: http://www.daveheaton.net
When the Vikings allowed Cordarrelle Patterson to leave the club in free agency, it opened up a void in both the playmaking and kick returning departments. Patterson leads all active players in kick return touchdowns (5) and average yards per kick return (30.4). The shoes that need to be filled in Flash's absence are not small.
The Vikings will try to replace Patterson's production – to some degree – with rookie wide receiver Rodney Adams, the 170th overall pick out of South Florida in the 2017 NFL Draft.
It's not often that a fifth-round draft pick can come in as a rookie and replace historic numbers put up by a veteran. Patterson is already on the top 10 list of most all-time kick return records and has earned three First Team AP All-Pro selections in four seasons. You can debate several parts of their game and whether or not the Vikings should have brought them back, but there is no debating their kick return prowess.
Adams won't be expected to wow the same way Patterson did as a rookie. But they are an experienced playmaker in their own right and returned 44 kicks for 1,123 yards and a touchdown in three seasons at South Florida. Their best season came as a junior when they averaged 29.1 yards per return. They also more than passes the eye test with the ball in their hands.
Adams can't make any breathtaking plays that count on the scoreboard in OTA's or during the team's current minicamp, but they can put themselves in a good position to make those plays come fall by impressing the right people. According to their head coach, he's already on their way there.
“He makes a lot of plays, catches the ball good, runs good. They have got good quickness in and out of the breaks,” Vikings coach Mike Zimmer said. “He does not seem to be making very many mistakes. I think (wide receivers coach) Darrell Hazell is doing a nice job of teaching them the different things on the routes and getting in and out of the breaks, and so those are some of the things they need to continue to work on, but I think they have done a nice job in all of those.”
Zimmer was not coy when asked if Adams would have a chance to make some of those plays as a kick returner during their rookie season.
“I mean again, everybody is different. I know Cordarrelle Patterson did when they were a rookie, right? A lot of times, that is a rookie's job, you know unless you have a great, great one there.”
A great, great one was there, but they play for the Oakland Raiders now. And the position they used to occupy could be the perfect spot for a fresh face to leave their mark.
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Senate on Tuesday voted to confirm one of President Donald Trump's nominees to serve on the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans.
Republicans used their majority to push Kyle Duncan's confirmation through on a 50-47 vote over the objections of Democratic lawmakers and liberal advocacy groups that described them as a conservative culture warrior. Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia was the only Democrat to vote in favor of Duncan's confirmation.
Duncan was lead counsel in the Hobby Lobby case before the Supreme Court, which decided that some corporations can hold religious objections that allow them to opt out of a requirement to cover contraceptives for women. They also served as general counsel of the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, which describes its mission as protecting the free expression of all faiths.
Democrats questioned whether Duncan could be an impartial arbitrator given the cases they had worked on. The Congressional Black Caucus urged the Senate to reject their nomination because of their work defending a North Carolina voter ID law. Gay rights groups and organizations that support abortion rights also were critical.
"He is out of the mainstream. In fact, they are out of the stream entirely," said Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn.
Republican Sen. John Kennedy of Louisiana said some senators were confusing the role of the lawyer and client. Duncan has extensive experience arguing more than 30 cases in federal and state appellate courts, and they have represented Louisiana in several high-profile cases, Kennedy said. They called them a careful thinker and articulate.
"I do not recognize, Mr. President, the Kyle Duncan being described by some of my colleagues," Kennedy said.
The vote represented another high-profile appellate court confirmation for Trump, who had a record number of circuit judges approved in their first year in office.
Organizations that are on opposing sides on the abortion issue reacted with starkly different views of the vote.
Planned Parenthood said, "President Trump is radically remaking an entire branch of government." Americans United for Life said Duncan's decades of experience and their respect for the Constitution "make them an excellent choice."
(The Conversation is an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts.)
Michael Greenwald, Texas A&M University
(THE CONVERSATION) Historian James Cook, in their 2001 book “The Arts of Deception,” points to July 1835 as “the birth date of modern American popular culture.”
That month, a frustrated grocer named Phineus Taylor Barnum purchased Joice Heth, a purported 161-year-old slave who had been George Washington's nanny.
Barnum furiously promoted them as “Absolutely the Greatest Natural and National Curiosity in the World.” It worked: Over 10,000 people saw them at New York City's Niblo's Garden during a two-week exhibition.
But while patrons gave testimonials assuring their authenticity, Barnum decided to muddy the waters: They wrote anonymous letters calling them “a deception cleverly made of India rubber, whalebone, and hidden springs.” The ploy challenged people to judge for themselves whether they were real or a hoax.
After Heth died in 1836, an autopsy was arranged to determine their age. A lesser huckster might have shrunk from the spotlight, fearing being exposed. Not Barnum: They charged customers 50 cents to observe the autopsy. (She ended up being around 80 years old.)
Now P.T. Barnum is the subject of a new musical biopic starring Hugh Jackman, “The Greatest Showman.” It's a fitting moment to release a film featuring the country's most famous impresario, entrepreneur and – some would say – scam artist.
Today, the country is gripped in a populist fervor, just as it was in Barnum's time. Advertising – then in its infancy – now saturates all parts of our lives. And of course there's the country's new president, who's one year into their first term. Barnum's showmanship pulses through every fiber of Donald Trump's political style.
In the 1830s, Jacksonian democracy was supplanting Jeffersonian elitism. The political movement challenging the existing social order in favor of the social, religious and aesthetic preferences of ordinary people, or, as composer Aaron Copeland later rhapsodized, “the Common Man.”
Acutely attuned to the times, Barnum wielded an extraordinary sense of what appealed to the masses. They rejected the country's elitist culture, promoting a more egalitarian “pop” culture. “Nobody ever lost a dollar by underestimating the taste of the American public,” they would later write.
Barnum had a word for their style of showmanship: “Humbug,” the playful gulling of people for money. They claimed their audiences enjoyed being fooled by their ingenious deceptions. Although they never said “There's a sucker born every minute,” their career (and fortune) hinged on this belief.
“The bigger the humbug,” they boasted in their 1854 autobiography, “the better the people will take it.” Barnum insisted that they limited their trickery to harmless scams solely to amuse people who, in effect, were in on the joke.
In 1841, they built upon the success of the Heth exhibition by opening the American Museum in Lower Manhattan. Displaying thousands of exotic oddities, human and otherwise, the museum would attract 38 million patrons between 1841 and 1865.
There was the Feejee Mermaid, a half monkey, half fish sewn together; the “Siamese Twins”; a bearded lady (actually a man); and their most famous oddity, the mysterious “Egress.” Patrons couldn't wait to see what lurked behind what was, in the end, simply the exit door. (In today's museums, the “Egress” leads to the gift shop.)
But Barnum's most famous enterprise was “The Greatest Show on Earth,” the circus they developed with former rival James Bailey in 1881. To accommodate its hundreds of colorfully dressed performers and animals, they built an enormous tent featuring three giant rings and two stages.
The star of the show was an elephant named Jumbo. Its enormous size (over 13 feet tall, weighing over six tons), gentle disposition (rare in African elephants) and their “love of children” made Jumbo arguably the most popular attraction of Barnum's 50-year career.
While advertising and promotion existed before Barnum, the showman elevated the art to a new level.
Barnum was keenly aware of advertising's power, preaching that “Advertising is to a genuine article what manure is to land – it largely increases the product.”
To promote the Feejee Mermaid, Barnum cited fake testimony from selected “scientists” authenticating its veracity. Their flyers included drawings of bare-breasted mermaids, introducing sex into marketing.
Most newspaper ads of the time included a simple description of the product. Barnum's featured brash typography, artwork, exclamation points and – especially – hyperbole and superlatives (“Perhaps there never was before in the world such an instance of extraordinary success as my Museum presents!”).
Barnum invented other advertising techniques. Huge banners covered the façade of their museum, while colorful paintings of themselves adorned their privately owned circus train (think of the photos today's politicians paste on campaign buses). They lined the roof of their museum with Drummond lamps as beacons – forerunners of the searchlights later used to bring attention to big events (and seen in the logo for 20th Century Fox).
And because they didn't cost a dime, Barnum preferred promotions to paid advertising. For example, in 1850, they decided to bring star singer Jenny Lind, “the Swedish Nightingale,” to the United States for a concert tour.
Advance men breathlessly promoted it, holding raffles and poetry contests for free seats. They created a mythology for Lind: they were a one-time impoverished woman who became an orphan-supporting philanthropist.
By the time Lind arrived at New York's harbor, a mass of 40,000 people greeted her, and their 93 concerts ended up netting Barnum over US$500,000.
As Barnum's renown grew, they didn't try to recede from the spotlight. Instead, they made their name central to their brand – one of the first self-promoters to explicitly tie their name to their product.
After fire destroyed the museum in 1865, they rebuilt it and placed “BARNUM” in enormous letters atop its five-story apex. Ads for their circus featured a woodcut of Barnum and “BARNUM! I AM HERE!” in large type, with “Greatest Show on Earth” in smaller print. Even Barnum's personal letterhead proclaimed their glory: “The Sun of the Amusement World from which All Lesser Luminaries Borrow Light.”
The media rebuked Barnum's braggadocio. Ralph Waldo Emerson groused in their journal that “men had rather been deceived than not; witness the secure road to riches of Barnum and the quacks.”
“I don't care what they say about me,” Barnum countered, “as long as they spell my name correctly.”
Barnum's shameless self-promotions became not only acceptable but expected. Today no one blinks when a boxer anoints themselves “The Greatest,” when a country boy becomes the “King of Rock and Roll” – or when a boastful billionaire says he'll be “the greatest jobs president God ever created.”
In 1956, psychologist Paul Meehl coined a term, “the Barnum effect,” to explain why people embrace objectively bogus claims. Essentially, if claims are phrased in positive (but vague) ways, they reinforce the predisposition of people to believe what they want to believe. To reduce the Barnum effect to its simplest premise: “Tell the customer what they want to hear.”
It's a talent at which the greatest showmen and admen excel, and Barnum-esque hyperbole now dominates modern advertising.
“Our biggest sale ever!” is a line dutifully deployed, by the same companies, year after year. Taco Bell's quesalupa is “Bigger than everything,” while “awesome” is used for all things pleasing (along with “unbelievable” and “amazing”). In a trifecta of hyperbole, Brilliant Brunette Shampoo, for example, “adds amazing luster for an infinite, mirror-like shine.”
Jumbo the elephant lives on. Their name describes products ranging from shrimp to mattresses to cereal boxes. Sports arenas boast of their massive digital scoreboards, or “Jumbotrons,” while Starbucks's “regular” cup of coffee – the “Grande” – is a nod to Jumbo's legacy.
Meanwhile, Donald Trump has their own words for humbugging: “truthful hyperbole.”
It's “an innocent form of exaggeration,” they wrote in their 1987 book “The Art of the Deal,” “and a very effective form of promotion.”
It's impossible to miss the Barnumisms (a popular term in their day) in the Trumpisms deployed during the candidate's political rise:
“I have a Gucci store that's worth more than [Mitt] Romney.”
“And we will build a big, beautiful wall!”
“I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters.”
Barnum, according to historian Daniel Boorstin, was also “the master of the pseudo-event.” In 1843, the American Museum featured Native Americans that Barnum falsely claimed had killed white men out West. Provoking curiosity and fear in their customers, the exhibit was a hit.
Similarly, Trump has a tendency to create narratives out of thin air – whether it's their claim that they saw American Muslims dancing on rooftops after 9/11 or that millions of illegal immigrants voted for Hillary Clinton. Like Barnum, Trump instinctively seems to understand that manufactured outrage, drama and intrigue work better than paid advertising. (After all, Trump famously received billions in free media coverage during the 2016 campaign.)
Looking at Barnum's “yuge” impact on American culture – on entertainment, on advertising, on commerce – it's almost surprising that it took so long for a showman to become president.
But alarm bells should have been going off all the way back in 1875.
That year, Barnum was elected mayor of Bridgeport, Connecticut.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article here: http://theconversation.com/how-the-greatest-showman-paved-the-way-for-donald-trump-85212.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
© Phil Noble / Reuters
If you've ever had the sneaking suspicion that your phone might be watching you, new research suggests you're not being paranoid.Research scientists at Northwestern University in Boston spent a year trying to determine whether or not smartphone applications are secretly recording our private conversations to send personal data to advertisers.Fortunately, the researchers did not find any evidence to support that long-held theory. They did, however, stumble upon another disturbing piece of information: While your phone might not be listening to you, it is watching you.The study confirms that smartphone applications are recording video footage of our screens and taking screenshots of our activity and then passing those screen recordings on to third parties. The surreptitious filming even captures the users' personal information - sometimes even their postcodes.The Boston researchers tested 17,260 popular Android apps, many of which are owned by Facebook - and 8,000 which send information directly to FacebookScientists used an automated system to interact with apps, searching for any media files that had been sent from them - particularly to a third party.When one of the phones in the study used a GoPuff food delivery app, information from the phone's interaction with the app was recorded and sent to a third party domain affiliated with mobile analytics company Appsee. The recording sent to the company even included the screen where users entered their zip code for the food delivery.The researchers noted that Appsee had not been shy about its ability to record user activity - displaying that information on its own website - but said the problem was that this was not made clear to users through GoPuff's privacy policy. When GoPuff was contacted by the researchers, it added a disclosure making clear that Appsee had access to personal information. "As an added precaution, we also pulled Appsee SDK from the latest Android and iOS builds," GoPuff told tech website Gizmodo.The researchers are expected to present their full findings at the Privacy Enhancing Technology Symposium Conference in Barcelona next month.Due to the fact that the phones in the study were being operated by an automated system - and not humans - the researchers said they were not fully comfortable saying for certain that our phones are not also listening to us.That, they explained, is because the apps may not have been triggered in exactly the same way they would have been by humans. They also accepted that it was still possible that they had missed instances of audio recordings being made if the apps had transcribed audio before sending it to third parties.So, it seems
RALEIGH — Flexibility was the word of the day in a meeting of the Joint Legislative Task Force on Education Finance Reform.
Several superintendents and local education agency finance officers Wednesday, Jan. 31, shared recommendations with legislators on reforming the school funding formula. These included increasing flexibility on how allocated funds are spent in regard to meeting school districts' unique needs.
The task force was created last year to address what many says is an outdated model on school funding. Legislators have until Oct. 1 to send a final report with proposed legislation to the Joint Legislative Education Oversight Committee.
Three superintendents and three LEA finance officers offered recommendations on how the school funding model should be reformed to address challenges unique to each school district. These included counties and districts with decreasing populations, those lagging to recover economically, and those with a high percentage of impoverished students.
“In the great state of North Carolina, we cannot allow zip codes to dictate a child's access to success,” said Superintendent Rob Jackson of Edenton-Chowan Schools.
Representatives from the N.C. Association of School Administrators and N.C. School Boards Association weighed in. The NCASA suggested slowly phasing in changes to a new funding formula to ensure a smooth transition.
“Flexibility is important. It is important as we try and meet the needs of our learners, meet the needs of our schools, and meet the needs of our communities,” said Stephen Fisher, superintendent of Cleveland County schools.
Fisher said flexibility in funding allows school districts to meet the specific needs of large and small schools. Jackson and Superintendent Tim Markley of New Hanover County Schools echoed the Cleveland superintendent's views about flexibility.
Other concerns included addressing numerous allotment revisions, which superintendents and finance officers say slows the budgeting process. Carol Hendron, chief finance officer for the Rowan-Salisbury school system, said the district received 29 allotment revisions. Jackson said their district received 59 revisions.
“Imagine planning a budget for a year, and 59 times you receive an email that says you don't have quite as much money as you thought you had,” Jackson said. “Particularly when that email arrives late in the school year when most of our funding is going into staff and teachers and at the end of the year you realize they are taking back some of the money, that makes it difficult.”
Another common recommendation included the idea of untangling funding for charter schools and school districts. Many presenters advocated funding charter schools via direct allotment, meaning charter schools would avoid the school system in getting funding. County commissioners would sign the checks instead.
Rep. Frank Iler, R-Brunswick, said they were for as much flexibility as possible, but they wondered whether it could result in a lack of money in certain areas.
“With flexibility comes a lot of responsibility,” said Fisher. “When you have that flexibility you have the responsibility to make sure that if you move funds and do different things and add teachers this year, is that going to meet the needs for next year?”
Fisher said increased flexibility could cause problems, but it also opens the way for innovation toward meeting the diverse needs of students and schools.
Sen. Jerry Tillman, R-Randolph, said the school districts had more funding flexibility five years ago. But because they mismanaged money, the legislature took it away. They want to return more flexibility to the school districts, as long as they maintained responsibility for spending decisions.
“I'm perfectly willing to give you that because you superintendents know more about where that ought to go than anybody alive,” Tillman said. “They pay you well to know that.”
Tillman said the legislature shouldn't micromanage what school districts need to spend in each category, but they said they must be held accountable.
The chairperson of the task force, Rep. Craig Horn, R-Union, said reforming the school funding model is a long process and many voices, including charter schools, have yet to be heard.
“We need to make sure we have as much appropriate information as possible,” Horn said. “What rock have we not looked under? There are a lot of dogs in this fight.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's Got Talent viewers are urging Dec Donnelly to go solo and ditch Ant McPartlin.
Tonnes of fans reckon Dec could make their 'separation permanent' after watching their incredible opening routine.
Tonight's semi-final started with Dec bellowing out a rousing rendition of 'There's No Business Like Show Business'.
The presenter whipped up the crowd as they walked down the aisle and even threw in a few high kicks.
Proving what an incredible entertainer they are, Dec sang and danced their way to the stage, even stopping off to kiss some of the audience members.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
"You look nice," they told one blushing woman while holding them hand.
The solo presenter then was accompanied onto the stage by some showgirls.
"Lets go on with the show," shouted Dec, who was greeted with a standing ovation.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
They replied: "Thank you very much indeed you're far too kind."
Looking to the dancers, they added: "Thank you very much ladies - you dont have to go. Oh they're gone, I was enjoying that."
This isn't the first time Dec has shown how good a singer they are, as they released hit football banger 'We're On The Ball' for the 2002 World Cup and PJ and Duncan's "Lets Get Ready to Rhumble'.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
BGT viewers took to Twitter to urge Dec to go it alone.
One viewer said: "I fall in love with Dec every time they come out in their own could totally make it by himself"
"Unpopular opinion? but I kinda like Dec on their own," added another.
A third said: "Got to give it to Dec... he's doing so well without Ant... Maybe they should consider making the separation permanent"
*Britain's Got Talent airs all week on ITV at 7.30pm with results at 9pm
LONDON, Ont. — Chris Merchant threw for 300 yards and two touchdowns as the No. 4 Western Mustangs crushed the Carleton Ravens 51-14 on Friday night in U Sports football action.
The win secured Western (7-0) top spot in the Ontario University Athletics conference standings. The Mustangs will receive a bye into the conference semifinals and have home-field advantage throughout the post-season.
Merchant finished 20 of 34 and was intercepted twice.
Alex Taylor ran for 142 yards on 15 carries with one touchdown. It's their third consecutive 100-plus yard game. They also caught four passes for 50 yards and one score. Cedric Joseph added two rushing TDs after carrying the ball 10 times for 81 yards.
New Delhi: Hardik Pandya, who stole the show in Team India's final Test against Sri Lanka revealed the reason behind the 'v-sign' celebration in a video.
In the video uploaded by the BCCI, KL Rahul can be seen interviewing Pandya.
Shikhar Dhawan, KL Rahul, and Hardik Pandya celebrated their joyous moments in the game with a 'v sign'. KL noted that it is an internal team joke which the three had during the dinner on the eve of the Test game.
For u boys @rahulkl @hardikpandya93 ..spoke abt it lastnite and happnd today A post shared by Shikhar Dhawan (@shikhardofficial) on Aug 12, 2017 at 7:24am PDT
They added that during the dinner, Shikhar suddenly showed up the 'v sign' and it was that very moment when they decided that they would celebrate this way.
They asked Hardik about the feelings that they were going through during the game when they were on 99. Hardik conceded that they backed themselves to play their natural game. They also noted that, in fact, they followed what KL had told them earlier regarding sticking to their aggressive game of play.
Pandya hit a brilliant ton to ensure that the Indian side posted a mammoth total in their first innings. It was their first Test ton and it comes as no surprise why it will remain special for me in their career. Hardik was named the Player of the Match for their efforts and the Baroda all-rounder was all smiles after the game.
PHOTO GALLERY: Wheeling Nailers v. Indy Fuel 2/2/2018
The Wheeling Nailers celebrate a 7-3 win over the Indy Fuel Friday, February 2, 2018 at WesBanco Arena in Wheeling, WV. Alfonso Ribeiro, known to many as Carlton Banks from “The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,” was the celebrity guest for the Nailers 90s Night. (Rachel Lewis – Inside Hockey)
Ben Fagan & the Holy City Hooligans' Facebook page
Ben Fagan's cowrite with Meghan Trainor, "5 AM" went triple platinum
Holy City Hooligan themselves Ben Fagan is the latest Charleston artist to hit the Billboard charts this year, joining the ranks with Ranky Tanky and the Dubplates.On Sun. May 20, Fagan, a full-time songwriter who spends a good deal of time in Los Angeles as well as Costa Rica, was featured on the Billboard Dance charts at No. 42 with "Wrong" by MaWayy featuring Ben Fagan. Here's the scoop on how that all went down.First came the song. "I initially wrote 'Wrong' with two producers/songwriters I work with out in California (Seeno Shahrooz and Floduxe)," says Fagan. "And once it was born, we brought MaJeed Fick — engineer/producer who helped launch Truphonic Studios in Charleston — to add some modern touches on songwriting and beef up the production."Within days, the song shaped up to be in "demo-able form," and Shahrooz reached out to a few people to partner or purchase the song. That's where Bryan Wayy a.k.a. MaWayy comes in. Wayy became co-owner and co-producer, provided that he'd remix the track, fund the video, and do a large-scale market push."We spent one day in the studio — same session as I cut vocals on Floduxe's 'The Moment,' which has over two million streams on Spotify — writing the main title/theme/melody, and two more sessions finishing lyrics and production," Fagan says. "We spent a month or two pitching it and a year waiting for the video/marketing/and overall campaign to catch wind — complicated process for the independent hustlers.""Wrong" was recorded at Floduxe's studio in Orange County, with further work done at OHM House, Los Angeles — where Fagan lived and worked for a year and a half — while the song was remixed was in MaWayy's studio. Though the track only hit Billboard this month, it dropped last August and has been racking up plenty of attention on Spotify (one million streams) and YouTube (one million views).Back at home, Fagan has been performing the song live with their new DJ/band live set, and is busy tightening up a new EP he's looking to drop by the end of the summer. Their latest single, the Floduxe remix "Only Human," is out Thurs. June 14.
After performing well in its category in the Eskom Business Investment Competition (BIC) awards, the Vhumatshelo Crop Farming Cooperative has now received backing from the Limpopo department of social development in the form of a R450000 grant to help grow its operations.
The Makhado-based co-op, which specialises in carrots and cabbages, was started by five unemployed youths in 2012.
After weighing up a few income-generating options, the group decided that agriculture was a more viable option. They entered the 2016 BIC awards and were named second runner-up in the agriculture and agro-processing sector at the awards ceremony in September.
Prior to entering the competition, the co-op had applied for funding in a project run by the department of social development, looking to assist women and youth-run businesses promoting food security and fighting unemployment through their businesses.
According to co-op chairperson Lutendo Ramahala participating and having a good run in the BIC helped them in their quest for growth and to be taken seriously as a business in the agricultural sector. “Being recognised by the BIC helped our case as it demonstrated that we have a good foundation as a business and that we are making a difference in our local economy,” Ramahala said.
The co-op will be injecting the funds back into the business as it looks to improve its operations.
Among others it's going to have a water borehole sunk, buy a generator, a water tank, protective clothing for employees and office equipment.
“We will also be arranging some capacity building training workshops for employees.
“We missed out on good contracts before as we didn't have the requisite capacity, but this grant is going to help us take our operations to a higher level.
“We'll also be hiring five new employees and adding butternut to our production. We are also looking at securing a contract with NTK to provide them with sugar beans.
“This will all be in addition to the contract we have with the Vhembe fresh produce market,” Ramahala said. – 701198
-TNA Reporter
The moment presented David Falco an opportunity, and they seized it.
With their team trailing by a run in the sixth inning on Monday, the Center Moriches sophomore third baseman batted with the bases loaded and two outs — and drove a 2-and-2 fastball to deep centerfield for a three-run double that gave the Red Devils a 3-1 win over Babylon.
In the opener of a pivotal three-game series in Suffolk League VIII baseball, CM moved into a second-place tie with Babylon at 6-4.
“I didn't feel any pressure at all and I felt really comfortable at the plate,” Falco said. “It makes all the hours of working on my hitting with [former major-leaguer and current Farmingdale State coach] Keith Osik worth it. I'm starting to put it all together and hit with confidence and it's good for the team.”
Center Moriches coach Dennis Donovan said: “David's been hitting well the last two games. And he's driving the ball the other way with confidence.”
Falco's blast drove in Dave Franchi, who had doubled to lead off the inning, along with Liam Pulsipher and Alec Maag, who drew walks. Franchi finished with two hits.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Babylon righthander Shaun Kaminski shut out Center Moriches for 5 2⁄3 innings. They had allowed only one hit and three baserunners through a dominant five innings.
Falco walked on four pitches and barely missed a two-run homer with a long drive to the warning track in the fourth. “I hit it well in my second at-bat, but not good enough,” they said.
Babylon opened the scoring in the third. Joe Rende led off with a single and scored on Kaminski's one-out double into the left-centerfield gap. Pulsipher settled down to retire the next two hitters. “The mark of a good pitcher is being able to overcome some adversity and keep your composure. I thought they did a nice job with that today,” Donovan said.
Pulsipher walked the bases loaded in the second, but after a visit from Donovan, they recorded two strikeouts and a groundout.
“That was the turning point in the game and a real confidence- booster for me,” said Pulsipher, who struck out 10. “I made some adjustments and got comfortable from that point.”
Pulsipher retired 13 of the final 14 hitters they faced and exited with two outs and no runners on in the seventh. Sophomore Nathan Siegerson picked up a strikeout for the save.
“It's a really good win for us in a league that everyone seems to be pretty competitive,” Donovan said. “This is a nice comeback win.”
Palisadian Steven Spielberg's newest movie, “The Post,” set to open on December 22, has already been called the most important film of the year.
This historical drama illuminates the 1971 showdown between the Nixon Administration and the Washington Post Publisher Katharine Graham (Meryl Streep) and Post Editor Ben Bradlee (Palisadian Tom Hanks), who defied the President by publishing leaked documents, the Pentagon Papers, that detailed the U.S. involvement in Vietnam.
But, from their firings of Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates and FBI Director James Comey, to their bullying of Attorney General Jeff Sessions (who did the only ethical and legal thing they could do in recusing themselves from the Russia investigation), to their recent exhortations to police in Long Island to treat recently arrested suspects brutally and illegally, it is increasingly clear that President Trump does not share our belief in the rule of law.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If someone asked us to name our favourite things, cake and cocktails would be at the top of the list.
Luckily for us, a couple of like-minded businesses have decided to join forces for the most over-indulgent collaboration since cookies and cream.
Cambridge Gin Distillery and The Afternoon Tease are hosting a one-off cake and cocktails event.
It will see food and drink enthusiasts from all over the city make their way to The Cambridge Distillery Showroom in Grantchester for a gin tasting experience with a twist.
(Image: Warren Gunn)
Attendees will be treated to a trio of luxurious cakes which have been specially created to match three speciality cocktails created by the distillery.
The idea came off the back of a series of events called 'Sweeteasy' run by founder of The Afternoon Tease Jo Kruczynska.
In their blog post revealing the event Jo wrote: "Way back in 2013 (pre-Afternoon Tease café) I ran a series of events called Sweeteasy where I hosted a high class drinking den with a twist.
Keep up to date with the latest food and drink news Are you a lover of all things food and drink? Keep up to date with the latest foodie trends with our Cambridge food and drink Facebook page. No ads, no spam, just the latest food and drink news direct to your Facebook feed, wherever you are. To get your foodie fix simply click here to join the group.
"This time, I've partnered up with the wonderful Cambridge Distillery who know an awful lot about gin, producing their own range of exclusive gins. I've handed the booze baton over to these guys, who will craft three delicious gin cocktails for you.
"Alongside these, I will serve three very special cakes, which I have devised using the tasting notes of three of The Cambridge Distillery's interesting and unusual gins."
(Image: Richard Patterson)
They later goes on to reveal some sneak previews about what the combinations could be.
They wrote: "Think Japanese gin martini coupled with a sesame and orange brownie topped with caramel, black sesame seeds and dark chocolate and citrus ganache."
*Salivating.*
Where do we sign up?
The one-off event will be taking place on Saturday April 21, at the Cambridge Distillery Showroom in Grantchester.
Tickets cost £30 each and include three speciality cocktails and three perfectly paired cakes.
To purchase your ticket head to cambridgedistilleryshop.co.uk
Author: Freelance writer Lucy Wyndham
It's official! Despite the fact that Seattle is hardly one of the coldest cities in the U.S., the weather forecast has warned of snow and frigid weather in late December in our sleepless city. If you are a new dog owner and are worried about how the cold will affect your pooch, fear not; average lows of 35 degrees in the coldest months mean that they can still enjoy a daily walk play in your garden, provided you take a few precautions. Your dog needs exercise in the winter as it does in the summer, and too much time at home can lead to undesirable behavior, such as chewing furniture and shoes, or increased anxiety. Follow these tips to ensure that winter is truly a wonderland for your pooch.
What are the Biggest Risks for Dogs in the Winter Time?
You dog will love prancing and jumping into mounds of snow, but when you are walking outside, use a relatively short leash. Mounds of snow can cover hidden gaps and crevices in the ground, which can lead to injury if your dog jumps or falls in. Snow and ice also have the habit of forming little hard balls that get stuck between your dog's toes, potentially causing wounds and frostbite. Consider purchasing winter wear for your dog, including a coat or vest, and snow boots. Your dog may look a little awkward in their new swag at first, but they will soon be strutting their stuff outside like a seasoned catwalk model. Another good idea is to clip the fur around your their paws short, since long fur can entrap ice and snow. Be particularly careful with older dogs or those with short coats, but allow thick furred dogs such as huskies, to roam free with their natural, PETA-friendly fur.
Make Sure Your Garden is Dog Friendly
Your dog will love romping around the garden for a few minutes every day, so make sure to avoid poisoning. Poinsettia plants are mildly toxic, as are holiday bouquets containing lilies, holly or mistletoe. Rakes and other sharp tools hidden beneath the snow also have the potential to injure your dog. If you have a sophisticated landscaping setup, you might have a water fountain. Keep your fountain spick and span by ensuring water contains no algae or other debris your dog might ingest; feed them a bowl of fresh, clean water when you get home from your walk, since they will probably be thirsty after expending all that energy.
Beware of Antifreeze
There are certain toxins to watch out for in the winter as well. Anti-freeze is somehow sweet and taste and is therefore a powerful dog magnet – yet it is highly toxic and can result in stomach upset or even death.
Exercise is vital for your dog, all year round. To avoid typical winter health risks, purchase winter wear for your dog, protect their paws, and avoid common toxins in the garden and on the pavement. If it's too cold for you outside, then it's probably too cold for your dog. On really icy days, just a few minutes outside will probably be more than enough for Fido.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Devoted worshippers pierce their skin with metal rods and painful looking barbs as a sign of sacrifice to their Hindu god.
Hindus in Malaysia celebrated Thaipusam yesterday, a sacred day based on the full moon in the Hindu calendar.
Thousands of Indian devotees congregated for a procession to the Batu Caves Batumalai Sri Muruga Perumaan Temple, which is dedicated to the Hindu deity Lord Murugan.
They carried out traditional rituals and offerings for answered prayers.
The religious rituals include carrying kavadi where devotees pierced their skin with metal hooks and rods and carried heavy artefacts.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Others fulfilled their vows to the deity by carrying pots of milk and climbing hundreds of steps to the temple.
The Batu Caves temple, located in a limestone cave on the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur, is one of the most popular Hindu shrines outside India and is the focal point of Thaipusam celebrations in Malaysia.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Thaipusam is a national holiday in Malaysai, Sri Lanka, Mauritius and Fiji.
The word Thaipusam is a combination of the name of the month, Thai, and the name of a star, Pusam. This particular star is at its highest point during the festival.
It is commonly believed that Thaipusam marks Murugan's birthday.
The new beautifully filmed track ‘Sambhal Sambhal Kay' from Shoaib Mansoor's upcoming film, Verna, is nothing but a visual treat to watch.
The song is sung by Zeb Bangash and Haroon Shahid, who makes their acting debut with Verna, the song is light, breezy and wonderfully romantic.
Watch the track here:
Verna is written, produced and directed by Shoaib Mansoor, known for their highly acclaimed films Khuda Kay Liye and Bol. Mansoor is known for introducing new faces in their movies. They introduced Mahira Khan and Atif Aslam in Bol, Fawad Khan and Eman Ali in Khuda Kay Liye, and this time they will be introducing Coke Studio sensation Haroon Shahid, who has sung hit songs like Baliye, Tum Kaho and Koi Labda, in Verna. Shahid will be starring opposite Khan while the rest of the cast includes Zarrar Khan, Naimal Khawar, and Rasheed Naz.
The story revolves around Sara (Mahira Khan) who is happily married to Aami (Haroon Shahid) until their lives fall apart when they are faced with some extraordinary circumstances.
The film's official poster that came out recently features a resolute Mahira Khan whose expression is enough for us to keep waiting for the release of the film. We can easily say that this movie does seem quite different from their previous offerings.
Not unexpectedly, the poster of this film was received positively by fans and celebrities alike.
Given the love and appreciation shown for Verna, we hope the film lives up to expectations.
Verna is all set to release on 17th November 2017, worldwide.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In 1988 journalist Juliet Butler was living in Russia and heard about conjoined twins Masha and Dasha Krivoshlyapova and went to interview them not realising they would become firm friends.
The women had been viewed as freaks and appallingly treated by the Soviet authorities until eventually being allowed to have some kind of normal life.
Here Juliet explains what they were really like and why they chose to write a novel about their life in the voice of Dasha.
I decided to write this as a novel rather than as fact because what most touched me in the lives of Masha and Dasha was the fact that they were kept in such astonishing ignorance by everyone who surrounded them.
They were never told that they were conjoined - or that they had living parents who had been told they had died.
(Image: The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep, By Juliet Butler)
(Image: The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep, By Juliet Butler)
The book is narrated in the child like voice of Dasha, in the present tense the reader can't help but feel unbearable sadness at their heart rending lack of awareness.
We as the reader understand it but they do not. To have told it with the benefit of hindsight as a biography would have removed all the poignancy of this crushing innocence.
When I first met them in 1988, I was astonished at how two people with such a terrible deformity could be so completely normal.
They offered me tea and chattered on about the staff in the dental hospital where they were staying for treatment as if I was an old friend.
They came to my attention after I watched their appeal on national television in front of 100 million Russians to be released from the mental asylum where they were being kept.
Being disabled in the Soviet Union was a nasty flaw in a ‘perfect' system and so they had to be buried away in State institutions away from the public eye.
As a journalist I was interested in interviewing them but I immediately felt a close bond with the quiet spoken Dasha, and was amused by their witty, irrepressible sister and we soon became close friends.
As I got to know them better over the next twelve years, I was both amazed – and horrified – at how completely different they were. (I couldn't imagine how I would cope if I was joined at the hip with my own twin.)
(Image: The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep, By Juliet Butler)
(Image: The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep, By Juliet Butler)
They were not just unalike, they were astonishingly different. Even though they had identical DNA and identical upbringings. Masha was tough, selfish and could be cruel. Dasha was gentle, thoughtful of others and kind.
I now believe this was because of the abuse they suffered as small children.
So-called Childhood Abandonment Disorder causes deep insecurities which can lead to either psychopathy or empathy – two extremes on the behavioural spectrum.
Medical science is now discovering that identical twins can inherit the different personalities of their parents and Masha was more like their tear-away dad while Dasha was like their soft-spoken mum: so Masha became the psychopath and Dasha the ‘empath'.
They asked me to help write their autobiography and it was only then that I uncovered the details of their incredible life story – things they had never known themselves.
They were taken away from their parents at birth by Stalin's scientists, who wanted to study the effect that the blood system and the nervous system had on the body's ability to regulate temperature, sleep and hunger.
This meant that one was packed in ice to measure the other's temperature level. They were also burnt, starved, deprived of sleep – and given electric shocks to test their reactions. Not surprisingly, their mother was told they had died when they insisted on visiting rights. No mother would have been able to stay silent on seeing what was being done to them babies.
At the age of six, with Khrushchev - who had renounced Stalin - now in power, they were sent to an orthopedics hospital to be taught to walk by a kindly physiotherapist who they called Aunty Nadya. They became their lifelong friend and surrogate mother.
(Image: The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep, By Juliet Butler)
(Image: The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep, By Juliet Butler)
But even here, some of the experiments continued and they were forced to appear naked on a stage for medical symposiums of male doctors into their teens.
They were given an elementary education in the hospital until the age of 11 but after that Masha was bored and always misbehaving, so they were allowed out to play in the courtyard but were seen by horrified passers by.
Rumours of a ‘two-headed girl' started spreading around Moscow and crowds surrounded the hospital waiting for a glimpse of them. The authorities decided to have them packed away to southern Russia to a school for the disabled - or ‘defectives' as they were known in Soviet Russia – so that the ‘healthies' would never see them.
The children and the teachers were kind, and Dasha recalls this as being the happiest time of their life. Masha was funny, naughty and at first popular with the other kids. But they had a temper and when they became annoyed with their sister they would beat them up.
Dasha was loved by everyone, but in particular by a boy in their class. Over the next four years they fell in love with each other. But tragically for Dasha, Masha couldn't tolerate the idea of sharing their ‘slave' with anyone else. By now the other children had turned against her, seeing them for what they are, a controlling bully. So when Masha realized their sister had fallen in love they decided to leave the school, without graduating and go back to Moscow.
Dasha was so distraught they tried to kill themselves but Masha prevented them
They were sent, at the age of 18, to an old people's home where they were expected to live in a tiny room with nothing to do for the rest of their lives.
Leonid Brezhnev was now the new leader of the Soviet Union and a period of political stagnation set in.
Dasha was so traumatized at losing Slava, and also by the terrible discrimination they suffered from being conjoined, that they kept trying to take their own life. But was always prevented by a watchful Masha, who was determined to make the most of life and enjoy herself. They certainly did not want to die.
But after 15 years of never meeting anyone their age or being permitted out of the Home, even Masha became frustrated. They finally agreed to look for their mother, Katya, hoping they would take them into their home.
Katya was delighted to find that they were alive but was by now elderly and living in a one-room flat with their adult son and so the question of taking them back never arose.
They visited them every week, bringing them homemade food and cigarettes for Masha, but soon Masha grew bored of them and told them they didn't want to see them again. Both Dasha and Katya were devastated at the abrupt decision.
(Image: The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep, By Juliet Butler)
(Image: The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep, By Juliet Butler)
Dasha was unable to stand up to their controlling and abusive sister, but they loved and respected her, believing them to be the strong one and that their decisions however much they hated them, were ultimately the right ones.
They had been living in the Home for twenty years when it was announced that it was to be turned into a mental asylum and that all the residents would be moved elsewhere.
Except Masha and Dasha.
Horrified at the idea of being labeled insane, Masha was determined to escape. Since Gorbachev was now in power, they took advantage of their ‘Openess' campaign to appear on live TV chat show and appeal for help from the public.
(Image: Juliet Butler)
This incredibly brave act saved them.
I met them soon after and our fifteen year friendship began. I would take them out on picnics, to cafes, sightseeing in my car and took them home to play with my three children.
I was upset to see Masha being so controlling of Dasha and continuing to beat her, especially when they were drunk.
It was Masha who wanted to drink vodka but was unable to because they had a gag reflex to alcohol. So since they shared the same blood system they forced Dasha to do the drinking.
And happily blamed them when people labeled them alcoholics….
But finally, having known them for ten years, I saw their lives change miraculously.
Dasha stood up to Masha. They took back control and refused to drink, insisting instead that they get help for their alcoholism.
It was an incredible feat and I was delighted to witness how both of them found peace and enjoyment together.
(Image: The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep, By Juliet Butler)
(Image: The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep, By Juliet Butler)
After their death at the age of 53 (they were the oldest living conjoined twins at the time) I decided to write a novel to tell their incredible story but most importantly to tell Dasha's version of their story: an opportunity they didn't have in their autobiography which was Masha's version and written in their typical impatient style in three months.
I spent many years crafting the novel to describe their life sensitively and with love, spanning the five decades from Stalin through to Putin.
Them one wish in life was to help able bodied people see beyond disability and deformity to the person within.
They wanted an end to the discrimination which was far more crippling than their condition. I hope I have helped her, posthumously, to fulfill this wish.
The Less You Know The Sounder You Sleep by Juliet Butler is published by Fourth Estate.
Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone on Monday unveiled a $192.6 million capital budget for 2018 and a $1.055 billion three year capital plan.
The budget is $27 million, or 12 percent, smaller than last year's capital plan, while the three-year program is $19 million less than the current multiyear plan.
“This plan cements our fiscally conservative approach by keeping the issuance of bonds under $100 million,” said Bellone. They said their 2018 proposal includes only $95.8 million funded through bonds, an 18 percent reduction.
Despite the spending reductions, Bellone said they will fund more than $300 million in projects for the Southwest Sewer district using the sewer district stabilization fund rather than bonds.
Included is a $200 million project to replace the outfall pipe, with construction to begin construction this fall. The project will use Environmental Facilities Corporation financing as a partial alternative, if needed.
“I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder,” said Legis. Kevin McCaaffrey (R-Lindenhurst), arguing that Bellone has done little to close the budget gap between recurring revenues and expenditures.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
McCaffrey, minority caucus leader, said that although they hadn't yet seen the capital plan, “we have to take a hard look at their spending.”
McCaffrey also expressed concern that residents of the sewer district seem to be bearing “the burden of paying for the sewer outfall pipe alone,” although it benefits many areas outside the district.
Presiding Officer DuWayne Gregory (D-Copiague) said they had not yet been briefed Bellone's capital proposal, but emphasized the importance of maintaining county infrastructureBellone said their 2018 capital budget has a 32 percent increase, to $46.7 million, for highway work. That includes $18 million for road repairs and $19.1 million for bridge repairs.
They also proposed $1.5 million for a temporary span over County road 39 for the 2018 U.S. Open golf tournament to be held at Shinnecock Hills in Southampton. Bellone said the event will provide the county with a major economic benefit.
In their 2018-20 capital plan, Bellone proposed $11 million for public safety projects including an accredited police fingerprint laboratory; replacement of the police information technology system; and a new canine headquarters with a training facility and kennels.
The multiyear plan also has $8.2 million for park work including $2.25 million to renovate the Long Island Maritime Museum in Sayville.
The three-year plan also includes expansion of the two lactation stations for nursing mothers in county buildings, beyond the two installed in Riverhead and Hauppauge this year and a new system for payment of delinquent taxes over the internet.
Bellone was required to file their new capital spending plan with the clerk of the county legislature by 5 p.m. Monday. By late in the day, Bellone had only provided a transmittal letter and an 11-page summary.
The county legislature has scheduled a public hearing on the capital plans for April 25. Lawmakers will consider amendments on June 6 and must adopt a final package by June 30.
More than half of alleged sexual offenders identified in a survey of Hong Kong Protestant churches were leaders or pastoral staff.
Read more
News category: News Shorts.
Megan DeBoer
CONTRIBUTOR
The University of Nebraska at Omaha's National Council of Negro Women wants its community to know it has them covered – in more ways than one.
UNO's NCNW – a nonprofit organization with a mission to enhance the opportunities and lives of African American women – hosted a sex education exposé Friday in the Milo Bail Student Center Ballroom from 6 – 9 p.m.
The event was open to students, faculty, staff and outside community members. Admission was $5 and free for students who received a confidential sexually transmitted disease screening from the Douglas County Health Department. The exposé sought to educate the public about the importance of safe sex.
The ballroom comprised of several local organizations, such as Planned Parenthood, OneWorld, UNO's Health Department, UNO's Gender and Sexuality Resource Center to provide educational information for attendees.
Each organization arranged its own booth with pamphlets, brochures and a plethora of free contraceptives available to anyone and everyone. Clear, glass boxes filled to the brim with complimentary condoms decorated nearly every table in the room.
“Since it's close to Valentine's Day – and that's a love holiday – we wanted to do something to educate UNO students and the Omaha community about what they're getting into,” UNO senior and NCNW member Jenaya Westbrook said.
With inspiration to help promote safe sex, the NCNW did just that.
“We thought it was a good time for people to get tested prior to Valentine's Day activities,” UNO senior and NCNW member Jonnisha McCleod said.
Various models of birth control including intrauterine devices, the implant, the pill and emergency contraceptives were available to study at multiple booths. Experts readily answered questions.
A number of students paraded through the hallways of the Stu-dent Center's second floor with brown bags in hand, ready to test for STDs with the Douglas County Health Department. Results will be returned within five to seven business days from Douglas County Health.
Others simply wandered through the ballroom taking in all there was to see, absorbing as much information as possible, including UNO first-year student Maddisen Mohnsen and Metro first-year student Miah Pluta.
Pluta, accompanied by Mohnsen, decided to attend the event be-cause one of their professors was rewarding extra credit for attendance. Having never attended an event similar to this one, both Pluta and Mohnsen were intrigued by the facts and expert advice.
“My favorite was the Charles Drew Health Center booth because they asked you questions and gave prizes,” Mohnsen said.
While the first part of the exposé was dedicated to sharing tips and information on safe sex, the remaining time was devoted to a Black Out question and answer panel.
The panel consisted of Dr. Jay Irwin, Dr. Sherri Nared-Brooks, Andrew Aleman, Amber Barcel and Alyssa Watts. Westbrook said a few women from the NCNW used their connections to recruit medical personnel for the Q&A session to conclude the event.
Comments
comments
Started off the weekend with our 15th $10,000 Shopping Spree at West County Center. Met lots of great listeners and celebrated with Kathy Fischer from Overland.
That night we headed over to W. County for a fun night of Yacht Rock music. A local musician and their buddies get together and play all your favorite 70's and 80's songs from when you were a kid. Yes, I did request some 10 cc and a little Rocky Mountain High by John Denver.
Saturday I spent the day in Edwardsville with my sister Dina, my mom, nieces, our friend Cindy, their daughter Maya and their mom to see the Sing-A-Long White Christmas at the historic Wildey Theater. It was a sold out crowd and I may have cried more than once when they sing The General song.
They even gave out props… Glow sticks!
After the movie we headed to Glen Carbon for a delicious early dinner at The Wooden Nickel.
If you get a chance during the holidays, Edwardsville has a great, vibrant downtown with tons of great restaurants and lots of stores.
Hope you had a great weekend…tis the season!
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
An advance team from the 285th Area Support Medical Company and the 137th Signal Company board a KC-135 Stratotanker from the 121st Air Refueling Wing to deploy to Puerto Rico. The Soldiers will be conducting logistical and operational assessments prior to the remainder of their units' arrival, in support of hurricane relief efforts.
U.S. National Guard video by Senior Master Sgt. Ralph Branson and 1LT Aaron Smith
Music:
Rhodesia by Twin Musicom is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
Artist: http://www.twinmusicom.org/
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Last year Black Friday came early at toy giant Toys "R" Us as they follow other big retailers and launched their deals early.
Top items featured in last year's discounts include various Lego products including build your own school , Nerf Guns and Frozen-themed dolls .
Some of the retailer's Black Friday deals even included 'better than half price' offers, which were available online and in stores right up until Tuesday 29th November .
Hopefully this year will be similar, so shoppers can have plenty of time to stock up on Christmas gifts for their little ones in the sale.
Toys “R” Us also introduced a Black Friday Deals catalogue that highlights every single deal the toy giant is running as well as categorising the toys into an easy to view shopping tool.
On top of all this, we can also expect there to be extra spontaneous deals added ready for the weekend.
Mike Coogan, Marketing & eCommerce Director of Toys “R” Us said of the discounts: “Toys “R” Us have been offering some really strong price saving deals over the past few weeks but there's no doubt the week ahead is going to see huge activity from customers in both stores and on our website.
"We've done everything we can to bring the best deals possible for Christmas shoppers and our teams will be working around the clock to make sure everything runs smoothly”.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Know your shopping rights BEFORE Black Friday
When shopping online, shops must guarantee a 14-day returns window for non-faulty goods, however on the high street your rights can differ from store to store, explains Which?.
If you change your mind about something you buy, it's important you know how to find out about your consumer rights and how to exercise them.
If you're planning to start your Christmas shopping in the Black Friday sales this week, make sure you're up in the know. Here are some top tips from Which? to get you started:
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
The site of the former South Byron Sewage Treatment Plant at Suffolk Park.
The site of the former South Byron Sewage Treatment Plant at Suffolk Park. Contributed Google Maps
INNOVATIVE and visionary thinkers are sought to transform an old sewage treatment works site.
Byron Shire Council have embarked on a six week Expressions of Interest (EoI) process, seeking partnership proposals from the market for the masterplanning and redevelopment of 1 Broken Head Road, the former South Byron Sewage Treatment Plant (STP) site, in Suffolk Park.
"We are seeking innovative and visionary thinking from the market that can help council deliver the best possible outcome for this site, one that has social, environmental and community benefits at its heart," Byron Shire Council's acting general manager Mark Arnold said.
"We are excited about exploring what the private and non-government sectors, including not-for-profits, philanthropists and other groups can bring to the table as part of the EoI process," Mr Arnold said.
Given the strategic location of the 7.76 hectare site at the southern entrance to Byron Bay, it has the potential to host a landmark development that will be a catalyst to stimulate social, community and environmental benefits in particular, but also beneficial economic outcomes for the council and ratepayers.
"Retaining key sites such as this decommissioned South Byron Sewage Treatment Plant as an asset for long-term community benefit presents us with a significant opportunity to find a suitable partner and achieve outcomes for the community that council simply cannot achieve on its own, due to funding constraints," they said.
"To ensure we don't stifle innovation in the EoI process, council hasn't specified land use or development requirements for the site and is open to all options.
"This could include education, living and active community, diverse housing options, childcare, aged care and environmental, biodiversity and cultural areas," Mr Arnold said.
Council's adopted EoI Vision statement for 1 Broken Head Road (former South Byron STP site), including aims and objectives, council requirements and anticipated development statements can be viewed in full on the council's new website (www.byron.nsw.gov.au).
The EOI includes the requirement for the public access way connecting Byron Bay and Suffolk Park to be retained. The provision of public open space for community and environmental benefit is also required as a key element of all proposals.
Neighbours and stakeholders are being briefed during the expression of interest process. Further details about the EoI process are available on the council's website.
© The National Interest
and pointing out that Donald Trump simply would not have become a billionaire if they were [sic] stupid. Duterte's comments came whileon Saturday. "Trump is a realist, a pragmatic thinker," The PhilStar daily quoted Duterte as saying.The Philippines leader compared their widely-known controversial speech manner with Trump's, noting, however, that unlike him, Trump was a deep thinker, as quoted by Rappler news outlet. "You just think that you know, both of us pretend that if we're insulted, we speak that way. But they don't know that in the case of Trump, they think deeply," Duterte said while speaking Filipino.To prove their point they cited the Trump Tower building in New York.he asked the laughing audience. "That's true. Trump is a deep man, they just pretends otherwise. Like me, I'm not really very bright."While US-Philippines relations have been quite turbulent since Duterte assumed office last June,The Philippines strongman hasg them a "son of a b*tch" and an "idiot" and continued their tirade even after the end of Obama's term.Duterte has repeatedly expressed their support and admiration for Trump, and even compared themselves to the American President, sayingHe also impersonated Trump on several occasions, citing last December's conversation between the two leaders, when Trump allegedly expressed support for Duterte's actions and specifically their brutal war on drugs using quite a strong language.The Philippines leader did it again during the meeting on Saturday, as they recounted that phone conversation. "You are doing it right," Duterte said, mimicking an American accent.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It will be billed as Salah vs Kane – but it still reads a lot like Liverpool vs Liverpool's defence.
Virgil van Dijk was bought to settle that long-running feud, and he'll be pivotal to plugging leaks when Tottenham roll up (4.30pm) .
But Spurs test defensive sea-worthiness like few other Prem sides.
All sorts of goals-galore angles leap off the coupon.
Liverpool's last five homes have seen 23 goals. Spurs have scored in 32 of 35 games this season, and though their lucky gonk, Harry Kane, blanked against Chelsea, Man City, Man United and Arsenal, they did manage a couple in the reverse fixture.
But can two sides so brilliant on the press-and-counter produce their best style, head-to-head?
An unlikelier hero might have room and reason to emerge today.
Van Dijk , whose lively goal threat is being undervalued, can provide us with 90-minutes' fun at the standout 9/1 (Fred) ‘anytime scorer' .
Newcastle boss Rafa Benitez spent most of the transfer window moodily tugging on the wizened udder of their managerial cunning, and he's come up with... ‘get big lad who might head crosses into net'.
Yes, it was Rafa what thunk it, and it could be a hell of a plan against flimsy flanked Crystal Palace (2.15pm) .
Sadly, Newcastle's big idea, Islam Slimani, is a likely non-runner, but brilliant wingman loanee Kenedy will still be putting goals on plates for someone.
Jamaal Lascelles struck off a Kenedy delivery in midweek, and has scored in three of 20 PL games this season – yet he's 14/1 ‘anytime scorer' (Bet365) today.
Time to milk the bookies. Please wash your hands afterwards.
Last week: Winners at 7/5 and 6/4
An Australian academic has suggested that one reason for the failure interventions for climate change adaptation in Pacific Island communities by external aid agencies is the wholly secular nature of their messages.
Patrick D Nunn is Professor of Geography at the Australian Centre for Pacific Island Research and Sustainability Research Centre, University of the Sunshine Coast.
They say that well intentioned outside agencies, including those of Australia and the European Union who are trying to help the people of the region adapt to the effects of climate change have not taken into account the overwhelming influence of “spirituality on the way people live in the Pacific”
“Over some 30 years, most such interventions have failed, proving neither effective nor sustainable. The answer to the question “why” may in part lie in the sidelining of God.”
“My research suggests that one reason for the failure of external interventions for climate change adaptation in Pacific Island communities is the wholly secular nature of their messages.”
“Among spiritually engaged communities, these secular messages can be met with indifference or even hostility if they clash with the community's spiritual agenda.”
Nunn points out that after the Moana Declaration was issued by the Pacific Conference of Churches (PCC) in 2009 the PCC set up a climate change unit and drove initiatives to put climate change into Sabbath sermons.
“But more needs to be done. My ongoing research, including projects with the PCC and the Asia-Pacific Network for Global Change Research, suggests that this lack of effective engagement with the religious community is still a key failing,” they say.
In 2016 the Executive Committee of the Federation of Catholic Bishops Conferences of Oceania, meeting in Noumea, expressed concern about climate change saying:
Of particular concern to us are rising sea levels, ocean acidification, and unusual rainfall patterns. These are affecting many of our communities in a harmful way. In some cases, entire regions and nations are under threat from the indisputable fact of rising sea levels.
Source
News category: Pacific.
A rate hike is likely coming to Canada this summer. The Bank of Canada announced this morning the interest rate would remain at 1.25 per cent, but with the rise in inflation, led by gas prices, analysts believe a hike could be coming in July.
The price of crude is on the rise again, which helped the TSX break a five-day losing streak. The Bay Street index opened higher and is up to 15,963. Experts say supplies are dwindling with no action from world producers despite promises to increase production to offset losses from Venezuela and Iran. The price of US crude is climbing to 68.20 a barrel.
The Loonie is also coming back to life thanks to the BoC announcement and the increase in oil prices up to 77.64 cents US.
Across the border the Dow is up 222 points to 24,584.
UKHIA, Bangladesh (AP) — An Associated Press investigation has found that the rape of Rohingya women by Myanmar's security forces has been sweeping and methodical.
The AP interviewed 29 women and girls who said they were raped by Myanmar's armed forces. The women were interviewed separately, come from a wide swath of villages in Myanmar and now live in various refugee camps in neighboring Bangladesh.
The AP found distinct patterns in their accounts, their assailants' uniforms and the details of the rapes themselves. The testimonies bolster the U.N.'s contention that Myanmar's armed forces are systematically using rape as a “calculated tool of terror” aimed at exterminating the Rohingya people. They also belie the Myanmar military's assertion that the rapes never happened.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has insisted they have no problems with Virgil van Dijk's fitness...and their struggles so far “are only to be expected”.
And the Liverpool manager hit back at suggestions from Reds old boy Jamie Carragher that the £75m record signing needs to lose weight, by joking: 'Jamie needs to lose weight more than him!”
Van Dijk was left out of the Reds side which won at Huddersfield in midweek, after struggling in their previous two matches when Liverpool lost to the bottom two Premier League clubs.
They also missed the incredible victory over Manchester City, but Klopp insisted the defender was always going to take time to settle in.
“Wow. I am sure Jamie needs to lose a little bit of weight, but I am not sure with Virgil it is the case,” Klopp said.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“He is a big and tall player, that is how it is. We have the best nutrition department and no-one came to me and said we need to work with him. Being fit means all of that so you have at the end more muscle than anything else. It is not an issue, not at all.
“I am very happy (with him), it is just exactly as clear as it would be. A few ups and downs and we will see Virgil van Dijk at their best after the summer but we don't have the time to wait until then and why should we?”
Klopp believes that van Dijk's struggles so far are purely down to fitness levels after missing much of the first half of the season at Southampton through injury.
And they also explained that the most expensive defender in the world still needs time to adjust to a new system.
“It is quite difficult because our defending style is different to Southampton or to Holland so that's why it makes so much sense you get used to it.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“At the moment it is like I expect to be honest, completely normal. At Huddersfield, (being left out) it was purely a physical thing. When Virgil came here they were not fit, that is the truth.
“He had a long injury, then they played, then they were injured, then the transfer was kind of an open case and they didn't play for Southampton so it was not a consistent season so far.
“I don't know long enough to say 'Yes you can play all three games in a week in this moment. That is why Virgil didn't play. I spoke to them and they expected it.
“He is still a new player but you cannot train in a Premier League match so we need to use the time between the matches and in the matches we have to deliver.”
Van Dijk looks set to return against Spurs at the weekend, while Gino Wijnaldum should also come back into the midfield.
NEW DELHI: The Indian Air Force conducted pan India Exercise Gagan Shakti-2018 from 08-22 Apr 2018. The aim of the exercise was real-time coordination, deployment and employment of air power in a short and intense battle scenario. For an exercise of such scale, the planning process started almost nine months back. During Gagan Shakti-2018, lAF exercised its entire warfighting machinery to validate its concept of operations and war-waging capability. The focus of the exercise was to check the viability of our operational plans and learn meaningful lessons.
The exercise was conducted in two phases so that all Commands get adequate opportunity to test the efficacy of their preparedness. Phase-I of the exercise involved activation of Western, South Western and Southern Air Commands, with affiliated Army and Naval components. Phase-II of the exercise involved activation of Western, Central, Eastern and Southern Air Commands. Re-deployment for Phase-II involved relocating the forces so as to be effective at the new Locations within a short span of 48 hours. This was made possible by round the clock operations of heavy-lift transport aircraft like C-17 and IL-76 as well as by employing a large number of tactical airlift aircraft like C-130 and An-32 aircraft. IAF also used civil chartered flight and trains for mobilisation of resources.
During the exercise, all types of combat missions, encompassing all air campaigns, were conducted. Fighter aircraft undertook surge operations i.e. generating maximum number of sorties in a 24 hours cycle. These included long-range missions with concentrated life and simulated weapon releases across all air to ground ranges in India, creation of Air Defence umbrella to facilitate operation of ground forces and Counter Surface Force Operations in support of Army in various sectors, during both phases Maritime Operations involving long-range maritime strikes with Maritime Reconnaissance support by Indian Navy aircraft were also practiced. The efficacy and integration of indigenous LCA aircraft and Akash Missile system in the operational matrix of the IAF were also checked out. In addition, capabilities of upgraded Mirage-2000 and MiG-29 aircraft were tested for the first time in an operational environment. All types of aerial weapons, including standoff and precision weapons, were employed to validate their use in the Air Operations Matrix.
Combat Support Operations involved missions by force enablers like AWACS and Air to Air refuellers, Special Ops comprising a Battalion Group paradrop, Special Ops with Garud Commandos, Combat Search and Rescue for effective extraction of downed aircrew behind enemy lines, sea rescue and operations from Advanced Landing Grounds. The transport aircraft also undertook mass casualty evacuation missions in all Commands employing C-17, C-130 and An-32 aircraft. Helicopter missions included Special Heliborne Operations, casualty evacuation, strike missions against enemy formations and Inter-Valley Troop Transfer.
For joint operations, lAF 's joint command and control structures with Indian Army and Navy, such as Advance HQ of IAF co-located with Army Commands, Tactical Air Centres, Maritime Air Ops Centre and Maritime Elements of Air Force etc, were activated. Army troops and combat vehicles were deployed to simulate Tactical Battle Areas in all Commands and some of the Army exercises were dovetailed with air operations for simulation of realistic battlefield environment. Ships were deployed, both in the Arabian Sea and in the Bay of Bengal, for anti-shipping strikes by IAF maritime aircraft operating from bases on the east and west coast, as well as from island territories.
During the exercise, more than 11000 sorties were flown, which include approx 9000 sorties by fighter aircraft.
To sustain the tempo of operations on such a large scale, on a 24 x 7 basis, the training status of entire IAF was enhanced, especially the aircrew. All qualified and medically fit crew upto 48 years of age were made proficient and current by giving them re-validation training on combat assets, employed during the exercise. Even the technical manpower focused on their primary tasks and rehearsed their SOPs/ practices in the run-up to the exercise. Over 1,400 officers and 14,000 men were pulled out of training establishments and deployed for the exercise, to augment existing resources.
Intense operations of this magnitude, in a short span of time, involved very close coordination with Airport Authority of India for airspace coordination. It was an endeavour of the IAF to conduct this exercise with negligible disruptions of civil traffic anywhere in the country. IAF had also activated a number of civil airfields to support combat operations during the exercise.
All operations were conducted in a Network Enabled scenario with a very high reliability of communications, networked air defence systems employing op enabling software.
A major highlight of the exercise was a very high availability and reliability of all combat assets including aircraft, missile systems and radars. High tempo operations also enabled the IAF to ascertain sustainability of the logistics chain.
IAF was able to achieve 80 per cent serviceability of aircraft while radars and surface to air guided weapons maintained a serviceability of 97 per cent, which included some of the legacy systems that were over 40 years old. Focused effort enabled a dispatch rate of more than 95 per cent for the Combat Assets, 100 per cent availability of Combat Support Systems and almost 100 per cent dispatch rates of Combat Enablers. This had been possible due to good planning and dedicated efforts of our air warriors as well as continuous support by DPSUs that is HAL, BEL and DRDO. Flight line unserviceabilities were promptly rectified by dedicated maintenance crew. The logistics stamina of the IAF and the ability to sustain continuous operations through day and night was put through a rigorous assessment. Contingencies such as repair of battle-damaged aircraft and relocation, of essential services due to enemy air action were also practised.
The exercise also focused heavily on base security aspects. Simulated drills involving infiltration into operational area by various means were practised. Dedicated contingencies were conducted towards sustaining operations in a Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear attack scenario. Different techniques for repairing runway after bomb damage were practised in addition to restoration of essential services and mass casualty evacuation at forward bases. Extensive coordination with Territorial Army Units and Local Civil Administration was undertaken to refine response during various security and administrative contingencies.
Exercise Gagan Shakti-2018 provided IAF with an excellent opportunity to practice its war time drills and undertake operations in realistic scenario. Activities were undertaken in a cohesive manner to achieve the stated objectives of the Indian Air Force, in case of any contingency. The exercise also enabled the IAF to validate operational efficacy of new platforms and refine existing Standard Operating Procedures. Joint operations with Army and Navy, conducted during the exercise, would help in achieving better operational synergy between the three services, in application of combat power.
SOMBRE: Police at the scene where a car was hit by a train at a road crossing in Kyogle yesterday.
INVESTIGATIONS are underway into a fatal crash between a car and a southbound XPT passenger train at a rural train crossing in Kyogle.
Emergency services rushed to crash at Andrew St and Yongurra St south of the Kyogle CBD shortly before 8.30am yesterday.
The 60-year-old woman behind the wheel of the white Holden Commodore died at the scene while a dog in the car with them was injured and later euthanized.
Police from the Richmond Local Area Command spent about eight hours at the road crossing investigating the circumstances that lead to the fatality.
Inspector Susie Johnson said officers yesterday evening handed over the site to Office of Transport Safety and Investigations personnel to carry out their own inquiries into the crash.
The car and the train were expected to be removed from the track later tonight after investigators give the all-clear.
Australian Rail Track Corporation spokesperson, Bas Bolyn said once the all clear would be given, it would liaise with NSW Train Link to remove the train and inspect the track for re-opening.
It was anticipated that services would return to normal tomorrow.
A NSW Police spokesperson said the 33 passengers on board weren't injured in the crash.
The driver of the train was transported to hospital and treated for shock, they confirmed.
The identity of the woman who died in the crash hasn't been released.
As of this afternoon, the train and car remain in situ on the track.
It is not yet known when the track will reopen.
Bus services ran to replace the train services all day yesterday.
Anyone who witnessed the incident and is yet to give a statement is asked to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Lismore MP Thomas George offered their condolences to family and friends of the woman killed as well as XPT train staff and passengers.
© Ruptly
Civilians fleeing Raqqa in Syria are sharing traumatic stories of how the US-led coalition's bombing has reduced the city's populated areas to rubble while Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) militants have been using people as human shields.Raqqa, known as a de-facto capital of Islamic State in Syria, is currently under siege by the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a Kurdish-led militia backed by the bombing of the US-led coalition.RT's video agency Ruptly spoke to people in the Ein Issa refugee camp who fled their homes in Raqqa amid the fighting between IS and the SDF, and the incessant aerial bombing."We ran from death and fear, every human being would be afraid, the sound of the aircraft makes us afraid, it was shelling the civilians a lot, destroying a lot of building and houses. We ran from fire," one local, Abu Mohammad, from Raqqa's Deryyeih neighbourhood, told Ruptly.he added.In some cases, terrorists have tried to use civilians as human shields, purposefully attracting collateral damage on the terrified residents.Human Rights Watch has accused the US and its allies of not taking the "necessary precautions to avoid and minimize civilian casualties."In March, 84 civilians, including 30 children, lost their lives in two coalition airstrikes. The bombs hit the towns of Tabqa and Mansourah, blowing up a market as well as a school housing displaced people. Though IS fighters were present at both sites, there were also dozens, if not hundreds, of civilians.a boy at the camp told Ruptly.The battle for Raqqa began this summer as a final push to oust IS from one of its last remaining strongholds in Syria and Iraq. SDF fighters on the ground are being backed up by airstrikes from the US-led coalition as part of Operation Inherent Resolve.The Russian Foreign Ministry has described the situation in Raqqa as a "humanitarian catastrophe," with officials pointing to the lack of effort to create escape routes and deliver aid to civilians so as to ease their suffering.
TUTICORIN: Tamil superstar Rajinikanth on Wednesday blamed anti-social elements for the anti-Sterlite protests last week that resulted in the tragic death of at least 13 people in police firing in Tuticorin.
"The attack on the collector's office and setting on fire (Sterlite) quarters was not done by the common people. Some anti-social elements infiltrated... (the protesting locals). It is their handiwork," they said.
''If you undertake protest for each and everything, Tamil Nadu will be turned into a cemetery,'' the actor said.
The entire problem started after anti-social elements attacked police & burned down Collector's office, as a result peaceful protesters were killed. If you undertake protest for each and everything, Tamil Nadu will be turned into cemetery: Rajinikanth on #Thoothukkudi violence pic.twitter.com/Nmw6RWWCjb — ANI (@ANI) May 30, 2018
The iconic actor also expressed grief that 'this noble protest' had ended on a bloody note.
They made these remarks while interacting with media after meeting those injured in the police firing. Rajinikanth, however, rejected demands for Chief Minister K Palaniswami's resignation over the issue.
The actor, who gave away Rs 10,000 relief to each of the 48 injured persons, said pro-Jallikattu protests in Tamil Nadu last year also saw infiltration of 'anti-social elements'.
They had earlier announced a relief of Rs two lakh each to the families of the 13 deceased.
The veteran Tamil movie star also called for a Jayalalithaa-style 'iron fist' policy to crush such people in the best interest of Tamil Nadu.
"The government should crush such anti-social elements with an iron fist. On that front, I laud Jayalalithaa as they kept such persons under check with an iron fist. They should follow their policy and keep them under check, as otherwise, it will result in great danger for Tamil Nadu," they said.
They also called for action against those who attacked police officers during the May 22 protest.
Thirteen people were killed in police firing on May 22-23 when violence broke out at the protest by locals, demanding the closure of Sterlite Industries in this district over pollution issues.
On the Opposition's demand for resignation of the chief minister, Rajinikanth sought to know how quitting could be a solution.
"If you demand resignation for everything, what (is the purpose)... I don't want to talk about that," they said.
To a question, Rajinikanth said that they had "no confidence" in the state government appointed one-man inquiry commission under retired Madras High Court judge Aruna Jegadeesan to probe the Tuticorin violence.
The actor, who has announced plans to join politics, said constant agitations may not yield solutions and added that one should move courts for redressal of their grievances.
Agitations often happen in the state, sometimes for "genuine reasons," they said, adding that people should be careful against being incited.
''Too many protests could dissuade trade and investors from coming to Tamil Nadu, affecting employment opportunities,'' they said, adding agriculture has already been hit due to water scarcity.
The actor cautioned Vedanta Ltd, which runs Sterlite Industries, against moving court over the Tamil Nadu government's closure order of the copper smelter unit, saying "they are not humans if they do so."
"With so many deaths and injuries, they should not even think of doing that," they said, adding, nothing can stand before people's power.
Rajinikanth faulted the police intelligence for its 'big mistake' in failing to detect the presence of anti-social elements in the protests.
At the hospital, the actor spoke to the injured and was seen holding hands of some of them.
Earlier, speaking to reporters in Chennai ahead of their visit, Rajinikanth expressed regret that their visit to Tuticorin had come at a very "difficult time" and added that going there was their 'goodwill gesture.'
To a question on the war of words between the AIADMK and the DMK over the May 22 incident, they said there should be no blame game on such matters and the focus should be on moving ahead.
(With PTI inputs)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This shocking video shows a thug brandishing a knife during a bloody fight in a McDonald's restaurant.
The short clip - circulated on social media - shows a man in dark clothing carrying a blade as they confront a group of youths.
The video was posted on Twitter and viewed more than 55,000 times.
It is not known exactly when the footage was filmed, but police are investigating whether it could be linked to a stabbing at a McDonald's in Leicester last week.
A 21-year-old man was knifed in the Market Street restaurant at 4.30am on February 7, the Leicester Mercury reported .
(Photo: Twitter / @themellowworld)
(Photo: Twitter / @themellowworld)
The injured man was taken to hospital but later released.
They were hurt during a brawl involving up to 12 people.
A Leicestershire Police spokesperson said: "A video that has been circulating on social media has been brought to our attention.
"It has been passed on to officers who will be making enquiries to ascertain if it is linked to any incident."
Anyone with any information is asked to call the police on 101.
SINGAPORE: Oil prices rose by almost 1 percent on Tuesday, lifted by a weak dollar, tensions in the Middle East and concerns of a further fall in Venezuelan output.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures CLc1 were at $62.59 a barrel at 0656 GMT, up 53 cents, or 0.9 percent, from their previous close.
Brent crude futures LCOc1 were at $66.56 per barrel, up 51 cents, or 0.8 percent.
“Tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran gave prices some support,” said Sukrit Vijayakar, director of energy consultancy Trifecta in a note.
Futures traders also pointed to general dollar weakeness .DXY as a supporter for crude.
A weaker greenback makes imports of dollar-denominated crude cheaper for countries using other currencies at home, potentially spurring demand.
Worries about Venezuela's tumbling crude production also supported oil markets.
The International Energy Agency said last week that Venezuela, where an economic crisis has cut oil production by almost half since early 2005 to well below 2 million bpd PRODN-VE, was “clearly vulnerable to an accelerated decline”, and that such a disruption could tip global markets into deficit.
Still, surging U.S. crude oil production C-OUT-T-EIA, which has risen by more than a fifth since mid-2016, to 10.38 million barrels per day (bpd), has been looming over oil markets.
U.S. output is now higher than that of top exporter Saudi Arabia. Only Russia produces more, at around 11 million bpd, although U.S. output is expected to overtake Russia's later this year as well.
Soaring U.S. output, as well as rising output in Canada and Brazil, is undermining efforts by the Middle East dominated Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to curb supplies and bolster prices.
Many analysts expect global oil markets to flip from slight undersupply in 2017 and early this year into oversupply later in 2018. —Reuters
Perth is in for a stormy Thursday and the first week of winter is set to deliver more umbrella weather for the city.
Up to 10mm of rain could fall in Perth throughout the rest of the day, with a very high chance of showers from late morning to early afternoon and chance of thunderstorms.
And it might be a sign of things to come next week as another cold front approaches the WA coast.
Tuesday's forecast is for up to 20mm of rain, with a 90 per cent chance of showers.
Wednesday, meanwhile, could get up to 15mm and there is currently an 80 per cent chance of rain forecast.
The wet start to winter would be at odds with the seasonal outlook for June to August, which predicts a drier than average start to winter for western WA.
Perth lies in a band where there is only a 30 per cent chance of rainfall exceeding the average.
It's also likely to be a warmer-than-average June to August period for WA's South West.
Maximum temperatures are between 65 and 70 per cent likely to be higher than average.
After more than 60.8mm fell across Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday, Perth now has 67.4mm of rain for May - compared to an average of 90.3mm.
The June average is 124.4mm.
The week ahead:
Thursday - 21 degrees, showers and possible storm, 4mm to 10mm
Friday - 19 degrees, partly cloudy, 0-0.4mm, 30 per cent chance of rain
Saturday - 20 degrees, partly cloudy, no rain
Sunday - 23 degrees, partly cloudy, no rain
Monday - 23 degrees, becoming cloudy, 0-0.4mm, 30 per cent chance of rain
Tuesday - 20 degrees, showers, 6-20mm, 90 per cent chance of rain
Wednesday - 19 degrees, showers, 4-15mm, 80 per cent chance of rain
Would you stop if you saw this young boy eating f
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A popular Big Issue seller who died suddenly was found in a McDonald's toilet cubicle, an inquest has heard.
Mark Stewart, 29, was well known on the streets of Cardiff and was often seen with their dog, Gus, selling the magazine in St Mary Street.
Mark was found in a toilet cubicle at McDonald's in Queen Street in the city centre on November 10 last year, Wales Online reports .
A police officer was at the fast food restaurant searching for a wanted man in an unrelated matter when a member of staff told the officer a man was sleeping in the toilet.
When the officer managed to unlock the door it would not fully open and they squeezed in to pull Mr Stewart out of the cubicle.
A used syringe was found on the floor and two other officers arrived at the scene and immediately began CPR.
A defibrillator was sent from security at the St David's Centre but the machine recommended it not be used and to continue with CPR.
(Photo: Dan Donnelly/BEWTstudios/Humans of Cardiff founder)
PC Christopher Griffiths, who was at the scene, said: “We placed them on the floor and immediately began CPR. There was sick in their throat and we attempted to dislodge it by turning them to theirs side.”
They said an implement was used to clear Mr Stewart's airway while waiting for paramedics to arrive at the scene.
They were taken to the University Hospital of Wales by ambulance but after receiving CPR for a total of 75 minutes they were pronounced dead at the Accident and Emergency unit.
Mark's mother Zania Filby said they phoned them the day before to wish them a happy birthday.
They said: “He would do anything for any of us. They loved their family and we loved him.”
After their mother was involved in a car accident Mr Stewart offered to be their carer.
They added: “Never once did they turn away from me and offered to be my carer. I spoke to them for the last time on the phone [the day before their death]. They called me to wish me happy birthday.”
(Photo: Google Streetview)
Coroner Philip Spinney said the post-mortem examination found a small amount of cocaine and a potentially fatal level of heroin and said the cause of death was heroin toxicity.
The coroner concluded Mr Stewart's death was drug-related.
Following Mr Stewart's death hundreds of people paid tribute to them on the Humans of Cardiff Facebook page.
Tal Shopland wrote: “Oh my gosh, this man saved my life from a drunken man last year. RIP you amazing man.”
Joseph Harvey added: “What a nice man. Always polite. And we would always have a beautiful conversation.”
Mark was also said to have been left devastated by the loss of their beloved dog.
Speaking at the time of Mark's death last year, Big Issue Beth Thomas said: “He was also left devastated by the recent loss of their dog Gus.
"I'm not sure if they were stolen from them or they lost them somehow.”
Bardsey Tennis Club finished their 2017 Tennis for Kids (T4K's) courses recently when youngsters were presented with free rackets, ball and certificates.
T4K's is an LTA funded initiative aiming to get 20,000 kids, new to tennis picking up a racket and getting involved.
NAWN 1706042AM5 Bardsey Tennis Club Junior certificates. (1706042AM5)
The course was aimed at children, aged five-eight and was delivered by Damian Sivey who is Bardsey Tennis Clubs LTA qualified coach.
“Two courses ran back to back each Sunday for six weeks - 10 kids in each course so 20 places booked all in all,” said Damian.
“In six weeks the kids learnt how to rally, serve, volley and play some fun games and learning some of the rules of tennis and got to show the parents some of the drills they had learnt.”
Bardsey Tennis Club is a local village tennis club which offers a number of adult and junior coaching sessions ranging from Adults Tennis Xpress session on a Thursday evening for beginners to improver sessions on a weekend and some junior coaching sessions during the week and weekends.
NAWN 1706042AM Bardsey Tennis Club Junior certificates. LTA coach Damian Sivey with young tennis players. (1706042AM)
It also fields teams in the Barkston Ash mixed league and men Leeds League.
The club is always keen to get more members.
NAWN 1706042AM Bardsey Tennis Club Junior certificates. (1706042AM)
Dynamic Tower, an 80-floor rotating skyscraper will be a new addition to Dubai's skyline in 2020.
This one-of-a-kind tower was proposed in 2008 by architect David Fisher. The design will be carried forward by the Dynamic Group.
Aiming to be 420-metre tall, the tower will be Dubai's second tallest building and second tallest residential tower in the world, with each floor designed to rotate independently – at a maximum of six metres per minute or a full-rotation in 90 minutes, the Deccan Herald reported.
About 90% of the construction of the building has been outsourced to a factory, while the remaining will be done on site.
According to Mashable, each apartment costs a whopping US$30 million, the building is designed to generate its own energy through wind turbines placed between each floor. The surplus energy from the turbines and solar panels is planned to produce enough electricity to power five other similarly sized buildings, Deccan Herald said.
Watch an animated presentation of the Dynamic Tower here:
In the male-dominated beer industry, a plan to tap into the menopause market with a special ale for women, initially went flat. It took six years to get this unique craft beer ready for market."You don't say the word menopause to younger males without them just being eeked out," Joanne Francis, the co-owner of Portsmouth Brewery.Francis is 58. Instead of letting naysayers add to their hot flashes and mood swings, Francis, their head brewer, and some local doctors and herbalists got sippin'."Initially we were just tasting the herbs that we used in tea form," said head brewer Matt Gallagher. "And then kind of like, 'yes, no maybe.'"The label name Libeeration touts ingredients like chamomile, nettle, and some not-so-well-known herbs to potentially free you from menopausal symptoms.Francis and their 50-something friends say they're hot - but happening. Guys always grab a beer, so why not them?"Having a nice beer is helpful for our mental health. It's good for our social well-being."The doctor says it helps ease menopause symptoms.
Highway 1 set to reopen in September
Photo: Photos By Joe Johnston / Associated Press Image 1 of / 2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Crews work on the seawall at the base of the Mud Creek Slide on the Big Sur Coast in March. Crews work on the seawall at the base of the Mud Creek Slide on the Big Sur Coast in March. Photo: Photos By Joe Johnston / Associated Press Image 2 of 2 In a March. 8, 2018 photo, the work road near the north side of Highway 1 is covered in debris as work above the road continues to release loose debris as part of the construction process at the Mud Creek Slide on the Big Sur Coast of Calif. (Joe Johnston/The Tribune (of San Luis Obispo) via AP) less In a March. 8, 2018 photo, the work road near the north side of Highway 1 is covered in debris as work above the road continues to release loose debris as part of the construction process at the Mud Creek Slide ... more Photo: Joe Johnston / Associated Press Highway 1 set to reopen in September 1 / 2 Back to Gallery
A 7-mile-length of Highway 1 along the southern Big Sur coastline that has been closed for a year, forcing long detours, is expected to reopen in September, Caltrans announced Monday.
The gorgeous stretch of roadway at Mud Creek has been closed since April 2017 — shortly before a tremendous landslide dislodged more than a million tons of rocks and mud onto Highway 1 and into the sea on May 20, 2017.
Amazingly, no one was hurt. Perilous conditions had prompted Caltrans to close off access three weeks earlier to visitors, then to locals, and — with a week to spare — even to their own workers. The slide, the largest in known history along the Big Sur coast, enlarged the coastline by 15 acres, Caltrans said.
Photo: Joe Johnston / Associated Press The landslide in 2017 forced the closure of a portion of Highway 1...
“It's like Mother Nature went bananas,” said Caltrans spokesperson Susana Cruz. “Nobody else could have done that.”
The closure begins to the north of the tiny enclave of Gorda and continues 7 miles south to just above Salmon Creek Falls.
Caltrans' solution for drivers has been to build a quarter-mile stretch of roadway across the landslide, buttressed with stabilizing material, including rocks, netting and berms.
The road closure has forced visitors from the north, hoping to take scenic Highway 1 to reach such favorite sites as the elephant seals at Piedras Blancas and San Simeon, to cut inland.
The new estimate for the new road to be open to traffic is mid- to late September, Caltrans officials said.
Nanette Asimov is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: nasimov@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @NanetteAsimov
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)The real income of the Russian citizens has recently declined and this is a cause for concern, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Thursday during their annual "Direct Line"call-in session on Thursday.
"The real income of citizens has declined over recent years. And what it is especially alarming is that the number of people below the poverty line, whose income is lower than the minimum wage, has also grown," Putin said.
The Russian leader recalled that the worst situation in terms of poverty was seen in the 1990s, when almost third of Russians, or about 40 million of people, were below the poverty line, while the best figure was registered in 2012, when only 10.7 percent of the population was below the poverty line.
Ereck Flowers has been a no-show throughout the Giants' offseason training program, a status which may soon become permanent.
The NFL Network reported on Tuesday that the Giants have been exploring trade options for their first-round pick in 2015 who started three seasons at left tackle but was bumped to the right side by the signing of Nate Solder in free agency.
“He's not here, so there's not really much to say,” head coach Pat Shurmur said when asked about Flowers. “We understand that this is a program that is voluntary. I tend to believe it is very necessary, but he's not here. So, when they are here, we will start to talk about him.”
The 2017 Top 100 Clubs list is available to you in gallery format. Each slide includes the company name, rank and revenue for this year's list.
Each year, Club Industry compiles a list of the Top 100 Clubs in the country based on revenue. The list for 2017 (based on 2016 revenue) is included in this gallery. The majority of the numbers are reported by executives at the club companies themselves. Where noted, Club Industry has estimated or used other sources to determine the revenue of some companies who did not submit. All images are a combination of file photos, staff photos, and photos or logos submitted by the companies. For analysis of the Top 100 Clubs list, click on this article.
Editors' Note: Thank you to Dawn Hightower, contributing editor, for putting together this year's photo gallery.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
British breeders are openly selling a certain mixed breed of American bully dogs with illegally cropped ears which are meant to give them a macho "devil" look.
The craze for "devil dogs" - especially amongst gangsters - has spawned a surge in backstreet ear-cropping by DIY vets in the UK.
Anaesthetics, cropping irons and scalpels have been seized in raids as investigators work to crack down on the cruel practice.
The barbaric chopping of ears is illegal in the UK and is done "purely for vanity" while putting the animals through "unnecessary suffering", say opponents.
The practice gives massive American bullies – originally bred from American pit bulls and Staffordshire terriers – a devilish look that breeders have seized on.
Drug baron William Byrne – Scotland's biggest American bully breeder – has made a fortune after investing in top-end bloodlines, producing massive dogs that can sell for £5000 each.
The Daily Record's War on Puppy Farms campaign has revealed how hardcore drug dealers have moved “from drugs to dugs”, as huge rewards are available for zero risk in trading pups.
Some dealers who have been raided by the Scottish SPCA's special investigations unit have claimed the ear-cropping was done before they took ownership of the animals, in countries like the US, where the practice is legal.
The Record discovered many Scottish breeders openly advertising animals with cropped ears when social media was trawled.
Among those to glory in the devilish appearance of dogs for sale is “King Coke” Byrne, 32, who was sentenced to a four-and-a-half-year prison term in 2010 for running a £7million heroin empire.
Byrne established a successful kennels firm in Stirling, called Dynamight, and their Facebook page features many dogs with cropped ears, brazenly referring to them as “demon pups”.
They told a newspaper last year that their dog-breeding days were finished. But their Demon Boy stud dog is famous in the international American bully dog community and has made them a fortune in stud fees.
Byrne and 15 crooks linked to their gang were given sentences of more than 60 years after being caught smuggling cocaine from the Caribbean and flooding Scotland's streets.
They told the taxman he'd earned less than £5000 since 2002. But they lived in luxury in a £350,000 home in Stirling and drove BMW and Mercedes cars worth more than £50,000.
Scottish SPCA chief superintendent Mike Flynn said: “This new trend of cropping the ears of American bullies is incredibly worrying and feels like a step backwards for animal welfare. The procedure is done purely for vanity and provides no benefit to the dogs.
“Ear-cropping is illegal in the UK and as such these procedures will be carried out by untrained individuals with makeshift equipment causing unnecessary suffering and potential long-term health conditions.
“It is vital people recognise these dogs do not naturally look like this but the growth in seeing these cropped-eared dogs on social media hasn't helped that.”
Byrne has bred dogs with animals owned by close friends Sean Main, 33, and their brother-in-law Derek Morris, 39 – both big players in the “devil dog” breeding scene.
Former soldier Main's Blackskull Bullyz operation works closely with Morris, who uses macabre grim reaper images, complete with scythe, to advertise their Reaper Bullyzenterprise.
Both men's websites feature numerous dogs with cropped ears, with Main's stud dog, Blackskulls El Diablo, a 32kg American pocket bully, available for stud at £800 a time.
Morris's Facebook page features a photo of their wife Lynn in a Glasgow field with a pack of powerful bulldogs, with cropped ears.
The duo, who sell pups from their Glasgow homes, were cleared of running a £6million drugs importation racket after they unloaded 160 boxes of “dog food” – in fact containing heroin, cocaine and cannabis – sent to the Bella's Dog Grooming Parlour that was run by Main's wife Denise, 35, in 2015.
Main and Morris – main players in the UK arm of the American Bully Kennel Club, were found not guilty after Main told the jury they called the delivery firm to “come back and pick it up” after the consignment “looked weird”.
Main told the Record they only owns two dogs with cropped ears – both of which were brought over from America. They said: “I have two American bullies and they are basically family pets.
“I did breed them but all pups were sold with ears intact. We love our dogs and we have enjoyed showing them at dog shows. We wouldn't do anything to hurt them.”
Several big breeders operate in the east coast, including Joe Pullar, 26, of Tranent, East Lothian. Pullar operates their Edinburgh Bullies Kennels enterprise from a large customised kennels in Tranent, where they breed bulldogs for sale. They also show them in competition.
Their Facebook page also shows many “devil dogs” with cropped ears.
Pullar told the Record they had never made alterations to dogs' ears, adding: “I have two dogs with cropped ears but they were like that when I acquired them. I wouldn't be in favour of having a dog's ears cropped.”
Despite being allowed in the US, many vets believe ear-cropping causes physical pain. Cropping takes place from 12 to16 weeks.
Ear-cropping is illegal under the European Convention for the Protection of Pet Animals, which came into force in 1992, as well as the Animal Welfare Act.
The Broncos' Corey Oates is all smiles after being recalled to Queensland's State of Origin side. Picture: Jono Searle/AAP
The Broncos' Corey Oates is all smiles after being recalled to Queensland's State of Origin side. Picture: Jono Searle/AAP
AS A winger, Corey Oates reckons they make a pretty good back-rower.
And even their recall on Queensland's left wing for July 11's State of Origin game three hasn't changed their mind.
In fact, off-contract Oates is more determined than ever to earn a back-row start and has not ruled out leaving their beloved NRL club Brisbane to get it.
Oates gets their first Origin chance since playing the last of their four games for Queensland in last year's record series-opening 28-4 loss to NSW.
Their selection is part of a backline reshuffle caused by inspirational centre and skipper Greg Inglis's unavailability due to a broken thumb.
"This means everything. It's the dream. Once you get a taste of it you always want to get it back - I missed it," Oates said of their recall.
"I didn't think I had a chance at all (this year). A few injuries helped."
While thrilled to combine with left-centre Dane Gagai, who replaces Inglis, Oates insisted on Wednesday: "I am a back-rower playing on the wing.
"I'm not the electric winger. I am slow and powerful. I feel like a forward.
"I was thrown on the wing when I first came into first grade. I was always coming through as a back-rower - I loved it and still do."
Oates is still waiting on talks with Brisbane - a process that has not been helped by the lanky Broncos winger being in between managers.
 They are one of the first picked for the Broncos, on the wing, but Oates has not given up on cracking the back row - even if it means leaving Brisbane.
Asked if they would consider linking with an NRL club that offered them a back-row start, Oates said: "You always do (consider it) but you have to look at a lot of other things too, it's not just one thing I look at signing for a club.
"(But) I feel playing back row brings more out of me than the wing."
Cracking Brisbane's back row will be easier said than done with Joe Ofahengaue, Jaydn Su'A and rookie David Fifita in the squad - not that Oates has to be told.
"It's promising signs for us - well maybe not for me," they said. "It's tough but I am not going to stop knocking on the door."
- AAP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brave medics gave a huge eight-foot injured python a CT scan in the world's first procedure of its kind.
The python was discovered by forest officials in Ananadpur in the eastern Indian state of Odisha with multiple injuries on its body and head.
After being handed over to Snake Helpline, an organisation that focuses on the health of snakes and assists in snake rescues in the eastern state, doctors at Modern Health Care Clinic conducted the CT scan on it and found multiple head injuries.
Dr Bishwadeep Jana said: "The scan revealed the soft tissue edema in the cranial region of python's head.
"It is recovering fast but we will keep it under observation for at least a month."
(Image: Caters)
(Image: Caters)
The doctor further claimed that this was the first time a scan had been conducted on a snake as " the machines are very costly and an animal or a reptile can damage it.
"It is a common practice in the West but here, hospitals do not want to take any risk."
The giant snake was made to stick to table using an adhesive medical tape to restrain its movement.
But the biggest challenge for the activists was to convince doctors at a private clinic to allow the snake in for a CT scan.
(Image: Caters)
(Image: Caters)
Subhendu Mallik, General Secretary of Snake Helpline said : "As there was no provision for such treatment at the government hospitals, to convince the doctors at a private clinic to allow the python in for a CT scan was the biggest challenge for us.
"We are thankful to the doctors and the proprietor of the clinic who agreed and allowed the CT scan to happen.
"Even though there was a case of a python being given anaesthesia abroad, but we feared doing so here."
With the first such case of a giant python's CT Scan, it is believed that it will encourage other hospitals and private clinics to allow the animals and other reptiles for scans in emergency.
SOUTHINGTON, Conn. (WTNH) — Police say they have arrested a man after they allegedly punched a woman in a parking lot following a road rage incident on the roadway in Southington.
The female victim reported to police that while they were driving their vehicle on Marion Avenue on Friday June 9th, they drove up behind a pick-up truck.
Through investigation police determined that the truck was driven by Paul Haburay of Southington. The female explained to police that the truck suddenly swerved to the left and then pulled to the side of the right side of the road. They thought Haburay wanted them to pass their vehicle so they drove around the truck and continued on Marion Avenue.
Allegedly, the truck then got right behind the victim's vehicle, causing them to think that the truck was going to hit the rear of their car. This continued to a parking lot on Marion Avenue police say, which the victim pulled into.
While in the parking lot, the woman says they exited their vehicle while Haburay exited theirs truck.
The female reported that Haburay began yelling at them about what happened on the road and then allegedly without warning or provocation, punched them underneath the left eye.
The woman told police they then went into the building and later obtained the license plate from Haburay's vehicle after they left the area. The woman sustained swelling under the eye and they refused treatment from ambulance personnel on scene.
Haburay was taken into custody without incident at their residence.
They were charged with assault third-degree, and illegal operation of a motor vehicle with intent to harass or intimidate.
Haburay was released on a $2,000 non-surety bond and given a court date of June 19th at the Bristol Superior Court.
Tech Sgt. Ronald Gowen, a 387th Air Expeditionary Squadron logistician, left, helps Staff Sgt. Dylan Collins, a 386th Expeditionary Logistics Readiness Squadron aerial porter, right, with securing a mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicle in the cargo area of a C-17 Globemaster III at an undisclosed location in Southwest Asia Nov. 4, 2016. Gowen is currently embedded with the 386th Expeditionary Logistics Readiness Squadron as they await transfer to a joint unit.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 11.03.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082892 VIRIN: 161104-F-CA297-107 Resolution: 4912x3274 Size: 1.67 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION) Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Airmen's skills vital to the joint fight [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
BBC presenters will claim they were driven to the brink of suicide over tax problems caused by their employer.
Scores of on-air talent claiming bad treatment will be heard by the Department of Culture, Media & Sport today, with most claiming they were forced to set up a Personal Service Company against their will, in order to be paid – and now face huge tax bills.
In evidence to be presented today, one presenter says: “I'm grateful to do a job I love. I have always loved working for the BBC but the way they have behaved has reduced me to more than tears. It's one of the factors that three days ago took me into my loft where I tried to hang myself.”
Another anonymous presenter agreed: “My physical and mental health has suffered and the quality of life with my young family has been impacted. In the darkest of days and the spectre of retrospective action from HMRC hanging over me daily, I contemplated taking my own life.
“On the back of my BBC pass it says trust/honesty is the foundation of the BBC. I feel cheated.”
Another broadcaster says during 18 years of continuous presenting they have had no staff benefits - no holiday pay, no sick pay, no maternity pay, and no BBC pension contributions.
They explain: “I have suffered life-altering levels of stress and worry which affect me daily and have had a deeply detrimental effect on my family, my children, my health and my wellbeing. Over many years I have been utterly let down and mistreated by the corporation, treated like an alien species because I am a presenter. I am concerned that it has done irreparable damage to me.”
One other freelance worker said they had been “strong-armed” into a PSC along with thousands of others. “I now see the arrangement for what it was - a brazen attempt to minimise the BBC's tax outlay while insulating itself from any future claim that it had avoided tax.”
Charles Nove of BBC Radio Oxford claims they “faces homelessness” over the BBC's decision to recoup tax and National Insurance from him, when the company they were forced to set up has already paid. “We cannot afford to be ‘double taxed' on these earnings and we are left with an unholy mess to resolve.”
Many presenters complain they were bullied into forming a PSC with the threat of losing their job, then but were told by HMRC afterwards that they were considered employed by the BBC despite having received none of the benefits. One explained: “They've demanded a substantial five-figure payment. I cannot sleep, experience constant anxiety, and now feel I was totally duped by the BBC, an organisation I had once trusted implicitly.”
One long-serving presenter explained they were made to set up a service company in 2008 or work with no contract. “It was made clear this would offer no job security whatsoever. I would say I was effectively bullied into a decision I did not want to make. I have now been asked for £56,000 pounds back tax which I do not have.”
(Image: Handout)
Last night one BBC source said that many of the current management team were not in their roles during the period when PSCs were being encouraged, after 2010. “We're not unsympathetic to many of these stories but everything has to be examined on a case by case basis – we can't write a blank cheque.”
Commenting on the evidence, Chair of the Committee Damian Collins MP, said:“It is highly disturbing to hear stories of talented broadcasters and journalists allegedly being forced on to contractual arrangements that have had serious and damaging consequences for them – not only on their financial circumstances but, in some cases, their mental health.
“By allegedly being coerced into these contracts these individuals may have been denied employment rights, and some face liability for huge tax bills. The evidence presented gives a distressing insight into the effect the protracted discussions on pay have had on staff and their families. Some have faced working without contracts and pay for extended periods, causing untold stress and financial insecurity.
“This evidence indicates that the BBC is falling well below the standards we would expect in terms of how it treats its staff.”
MPs will also reveal a letter in which the corporation advises Radio 6 DJ Liz Kershaw that it will use them only on an ‘ad hoc' basis unless they have a PSC.
Super Bowl weekend is here, so if you're throwing a Super Bowl party and need some food ideas, Justin Bobin of Buffalo Wings and Rings joined ABC7 to help you out.Bobin demonstrated how to toss wings and other menu items for your Super Bowl parties.For more information, visit www.buffalowingsandrings.com
Eamonn tells Ruth they has 'chunky legs' as Ferne McCann reveals worst date
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ruth Langsford revealed Eamonn Holmes once told them they had “chunky legs” as Ferne McCann explained how they were insulted by a guy on their first date.
The former TOWIE star is currently taking part in Celebs Go Dating, along with the likes of Jorgie Porter, Joey Essex and Stephen Bear - who has since been sacked.
And they confessed one of their first dates went horribly wrong.
Speaking on This Morning, Ferne said: “First dates are always nerve-wracking, and for one, I went all the way to Manchester, the trains were delayed…
“He was incredibly arrogant and told me I had big legs!”
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Ruth then quickly interrupted: “Eamonn said mine were chunky once!”
And Eamonn replied: “I said it as a compliment, I said, ‘I like your chunky legs!'”
A shocked Ferne said their date also said it “as a compliment”.
But they added: “It didn't go down well, and then they tried to suck my earlobe!”
Ruth and Eamonn then asked who she'd snog, marry and avoid out of Bear, Joey and Joel Dommett - who Ferne has previously said they fancy.
And they replied: “I'd avoid Stephen. With him, there's two different people, Stephen and Bear.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: E4)
“He's cool and very fun, but you've seen the show, you know how they are with women.”
But then they quickly changed their mind, remembering they couldn't go near Joey because they were going out with their cousin Charlie Sims for five years.
And they said: “I'll avoid Joey, snog Bear and marry Joel.”
*This Morning continues on ITV1 weekdays at 10.30am
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BELLEVILLE, Ill. — The Illinois man who shot a top Republican member of congress and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation's capital had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called "Terminate the Republican Party."
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, was fatally shot by police during the attack. Hours later, Democratic Sen. Bernie Sanders said the gunman had been among the many volunteers on their presidential campaign.
Court records show that Hodgkinson's legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving. Their most serious problems apparently came in 2006, when they were arrested on a battery charge. Records indicate they have not been involved in any legal cases since 2011.
Until recently, they ran a home-inspection business out of their home in Belleville, in the southwestern corner of the state, across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, according to Hodgkinson's Facebook page.
They also wrote frequent letters to their hometown newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen letters between 2010 and 2012, many of which included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and taking other tax reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, they wrote: "I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit."
On March 4, 2011, they wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
"Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience," they wrote.
In October 2011, they applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators "are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes."
They also wrote about conservative talk radio and TV, saying that their favorite show was Rachel Maddow's MSNBC program and writing that they believed MSNBC provided "a better, balanced opinion," than Fox News.
The Fermi paradox
UFOs, taboo for professional scientists
Why don't astronomers see UFOs?
Evidence from government and military officers
A topic worthy of serious study
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Artell says they still have the cash to add to their Crewe Alex squad this summer.
The Railwaymen boss only released two senior professionals – Zoumana Bakayogo and Chris Dagnall – and quickly added Paul Green and Shaun Miller to their ranks.
Plus the likes of James Jones, Callum Ainley, Charlie Kirk and Harry Pickering have been given pay rises – giving the impression that most of the budget has been accounted for.
But Artell said they have room for manoeuvre.
They explained: “There is still room in the budget to bring two or three more in.
“That's the plan and we are okay with that.
“We have signed up the players we wanted to and now have time to add to that over the summer.
“We will take our time and do the due diligence on the players.
“We want the right people, as well as good players to come here.
“We have time on our hands to get it as right as we can.
“We have our main targets and will filter that down accordingly.
“One thing I've looked at is making us much more efficient when it comes to recruitment.
“We have tried to make it more specific when it comes to the players we want for the positions we need.”
Crewe currently have 27 professionals on the books – five of them first years who are unlikely to figure in first team plans.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has reportedly been stabbed at London Bridge station this morning in front of horrified commuters.
Witnesses claim an argument broke out on a packed train before a fight broke out on a platform.
Police have arrested three people.
Blood was seen on a platform following the alleged fight and a police cordon was put up around the area.
A horrified witness tweeted: "There was a fight on the northern line, unfortunate witness to it all!
"Scary stuff, I pulled the alarm then they got off and carried it on through the station."
DID YOU SEE THE INCIDENT? EMAIL WEBNEWS@TRINITYMIRROR.COM
(Image: PA)
A tube worker told The Sun: "Two guys had an altercation on the tube. It spilled out onto the platform and at least one of them, possibly both, had a knife.
"One's run off, the other was jumped on by police and the cops are in attendance."
A witness tweeted after seeing a forensic team going down an escalator as part of the station was closed off.
British Transport Police said: "We have three people in custody following a fight on a Northern Line platform at London Bridge this morning.
"If you saw the incident, let us know by texting 61016 with reference 88 of today."
The Metropolitan Police told Mirror Online the incident was not terror related.
The London Ambulance Service was called to the scene of the incident.
(Image: Getty)
Ama Joseph tweeted: "How can there be a stabbing at SEVEN AM at London Bridge station? Honestly. I don't understand this world. (sic)."
A spokesperson from TFL told Mirror Online: "Just after 7 'o' clock we were asked by BTP to close the southbound Northern Line Platform which we did."
They confirmed the platform was closed for half an hour.
The full statement from BTP says: "We were called at 6.48am this morning to reports of a fight on the southbound platform of the Northern Line at London Bridge.
"One man received injuries consistent with having being stabbed, but their injuries are not believed to be serious at this time.
"We have arrested three people on suspicion of affray, in connection with this incident.
"They are currently in custody."
Anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to contact BTP by calling 0800 40 50 40 or text 61016 with reference 88 of 2 February.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brighton have moved back to the top of the Championship after they came from behind to defeat Fulham , while a dominant Newcastle side were stunned at Blackburn.
The Seagulls went 1-0 down after 55 minutes when Chelsea loanee Lucas Pizaon gave the Cottagers the lead only for Tomer Hemed and Lewis Dunk to strike and extend their unbeaten run to 18 matches.
That meant they leapfrogged Newcastle at the top of the table as Charlie Mulgrew's late free-kick that came massively against the run of play was enough to give relegation-haunted Rovers the points.
(Photo: Serena Taylor)
The playoff places remain unchanged, with Reading coming from 2-0 down to win 3-2 against Bristol City, Huddersfield seeing off Wigan and Leeds easing to a 3-0 victory against Rotherham.
Sheffield Wednesday could only draw with Wolves, but remain in the final play-off place, two points ahead of seventh placed Derby who suffered a 3-0 loss at Norwich, which eased the pressure on Canaries boss Alex Neil.
Elsewhere, Cardiff beat Aston Villa 1-0 thanks to a Joe Ralls goal and a Tom Clarke strike was enough for Preston to edge Burton.
(Photo: Nathan Stirk)
Birmingham continues to struggle in the wake of sacking Gary Rowett, with Gianfranco Zola's men slumping to a 3-1 defeat at home to Brentford.
Barnsley kept their play-off push alive with a 1-0 win at Nottingham Forest and QPR made it two in a row with a 2-1 win at home to Ipswich.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — Fishing regulators are getting ready to discuss ways to better manage the East Coast scallop fishery to avoid more conflicts between small- and big-boat fishermen.
The New England Fishery Management Council is holding a meeting on the subject on Tuesday. Small boats have been in conflict with big boats in the northern Gulf of Maine in recent months.
Government fishing regulators use different rules for the small- and big-boat fisheries, though they work some of the same areas. Some fishermen in the small-boat fishery say the rules allow bigger boats to overexploit the scallops, which are the subject of one of the most valuable fisheries in America.
Federal regulators shut down the northern Gulf of Maine last month amid the conflict.
Tuesday's meeting is taking place in Mystic, Connecticut.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Google has its hands in a lot of pots, and depending on which phone you use, you may not have known that the search company has also been operating its very own wireless service since 2015.
Google's Project Fi mobile virtual network operates on the back of Sprint, T-Mobile and U.S. Cellular's LTE networks.
What is Project Fi?
Project Fi is the name of Google's network that offers mobile data directly to users, much like every other carrier that's available to choose between.
Here's the skinny on its pricing structure: Google is charging $20 flat per month for talk, text, Wi-Fi tethering, and international coverage in 135+ countries, with each gigabyte of data costing $10 on top of the bill.
To give an example, a plan with 3GB of data costs $50 (plus tax) per month. However, if you don't use all that data, Google will only charge you for what you used. So if you only used 1.4 of your 3GB, Google says, you'll pay $16 less than you had originally set out to. The same goes for if you use more than you expected.
Adding people to your plan is simple and affordable. In fact, you save a little money per head that you add. Instead of $20 flat, it's $15 plus $10 per GB.
There's also an unlimited plan, of sorts, available on Project Fi. You can read all about it here.
Being a mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) means Google essentially licenses network infrastructure from other carriers. There are other companies that do this, like Straight Talk, which TechRadar has explored in-depth. Straight Talk offers customers phone plans that work off of other carriers' networks.
Google is doing the same here with Project Fi, making itself the middleman between customers and carriers. So although your phone will bounce between T-Mobile, Sprint and U.S. Cellular LTE services, you'll only ever have to deal with Google when it comes to support and billing.
The company says your device will automatically hop among the available networks and Wi-Fi hotspots depending on which has the best connection. Google counts over a million free, open (and growing) Wi-Fi hotspots in the US as part of its network.
When you're connected to Wi-Fi networks, Google encryption keeps you secure, the company says. And you'll transition seamlessly between Wi-Fi and LTE, even in the middle of a call.
Google's Project Fi is in the US only for now, although Google could theoretically launch it anywhere that carriers are willing to partner with it.
Though it began as an invite-only affair, Project Fi has formally opened its doors to anyone who has a compatible device and is under their widening blanket of coverage.
But it seems availability is pretty wide, and there's no reason Fi shouldn't work wherever there's Sprint, T-Mobile and/or U.S. Cellular service.
Most recently, Google announced that it has partnered with Three in the UK to provide Project Fi users with 4G LTE while traveling abroad. Previously capped at 2G speeds, this could be the first step in bringing Fi to a broader audience.
What devices will support it
Google's Project Fi service is currently available on the Google Pixel 2, Google Pixel 2 XL, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Moto X4, as well as the older Nexus 6, Nexus 5X or Nexus 6P flagship devices.
The latest phones to join the party are the Moto G6, LG G7 ThinQ and the LG V35 ThinQ.
While the service works on all of the phones mentioned above, it's worth noting that Google no longer sells the lineup of Nexus and original Pixel devices. You'll have to buy through eBay, Amazon or another third-party service.
Moving on, why is Project Fi available only on those devices, you ask?
According to Project Fi's FAQ, it's because the Fi SIM card, working in tandem with a specially-tuned cellular radio, is able to bounce between not just the supported networks in the US, but also with those around the world. The tech isn't available, or at least it isn't being taken advantage of, in other phones made by third-party Android manufacturers just yet, that is, outside of Motorola and LG.
So, for those of you who are equipped with a recent Pixel and Nexus devices and have another phone or tablet you'd like to setup on the network, all you'll need to do is make sure you're signed in as the same Google Hangouts account on each to receive calls.
If you want to do more with your other devices, like go online in Chrome or your social media networks, you'll want to order a data-only SIM from Google. These are free and you can add as many as you'd like to your account (surely, there's a limit, but we haven't hit it yet at four).
Project Fi app
While Project Fi deals with T-Mobile, Sprint and U.S. Cellular towers, you only deal with Google. More specifically, after the easy setup process online, you only need to refer to the Project Fi app moving forward.
If your smartphone or tablet is updated, you'll find the Project Fi app embedded within your app drawer. Inside, you can manage your account info and get a look at the amount of data you've used within the month.
Additionally, there's a widget that you can add to your main screen that shows how much data you've used in your cycle.
What it means for carriers
Google had to partner with traditional wireless carriers for this service, but it could still give those companies a run for their money by being more affordable, flexible and friendly than the services they offer individually.
That's often been Google's M.O., and although it hasn't always been successful the company has a reputation for disrupting these traditional spaces. One need only look at the positive buzz around Google Fiber, a service that's only available in a handful of US cities.
Google Fi could be better for users
Project Fi looks like it might turn out the same thanks to versatile service, easy payments and more flexibility than what any other wireless service offers.
This won't be the first time the wireless industry has been forced to step up its game to compete with a new threat - just look at all the positive changes T-Mobile's "Un-carrier" campaign has catalyzed - but with Google at the helm this could prove to be a major shake-up.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Think twice before dropping that emoji into your next work email.
Researchers have been studying the effect of emojis in business emails for a new study. They sent messages to 549 participants from 29 different countries and recorded their responses.
The volunteers were asked to reply to the emails formally and were asked how they felt about the sender. They perceived the senders of smiley emojis on formal work-related matters as less competent - and their email replies had less detail if the sender included an emoji.
Dr Ella Gilkson, a post-doctoral fellow at Ben-Gurion University said: “Smileys do not increase perceptions of warmth and actually decrease perceptions of competence”.
(Image: Original:Getty)
The study, published in the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science , also compared the responses of participants after receiving a photograph of a real smiling face, a neutral image and a smiley emoji.
A smiling person was seen as warmer and friendlier than a neutral one, but again, a smiley emoji did not increase feelings of friendliness while actually reducing impressions of competence - even compared with the neutral photo.
“A smiley is not a smile” confirmed Dr Gilkson.
The research was a collaboration between scientists from Ben-Gurion University, the University of Haifa (both in Israel) and the university of Amsterdam and was funded by the Dutch government.
(Image: Getty)
Worryingly for women in the workplace, a separate finding from the same research exposed potential gender stereotyping from the participants.
The use of smiley emojis was more likely to be interpreted as being sent from women, although this did not correlate with reported incompetence.
For now, your best bet is to avoid using emojis in office emails. Save them for Snapchat instead.
Name: Shujan Bertrand
What is your day job?
While I'm a full-time mom, I'm also all of the jobs that are associated with running a company. So everything from CEO and Design Lead to messenger and intern.
My children come with me to the studio-factory at least 3 times a week after school. The whole family is helping grow àplat.
Website | Facebook
How did you get started making?
I've been making things ever since I was a child growing up in Manhattan Beach. My Korean immigrant parents didn't have the means to buy “frivolous” things; if we wanted something, we made it ourselves. I made my own wood toys, even a barbie Olympic stadium from wood scraps, and I sewed clothes for all of my dolls. That led to my first entrepreneurial business of selling hair scrunchies at the age of ten. I re-purposed scraps from my mother's tailoring business and sold them to local surf shops for $2.
My vision for àplat came to me almost instantly one afternoon when I had created a delightful bouquet of wildflowers for a friend's gallery opening. I'd created this beautiful bundle and it was presented back to me in a crackling cellophane bag that seemed to diminish the spirit of the gesture. Between the register and the curb, where my car was parked, I'd envisioned a simple, beautiful bag that would wrap around the stems and celebrate the blooms. The sac à fleur, Jardin Tote was born. The rest of the collection literally unfolded around my kitchen table with the encouragement of my family.
What type of maker would you classify yourself as?
As an industrial designer and a parent, I'm a problem solver and inventor by nature. For example, people have suggested that I create aprons and napkins for my line. However, these things already exist. I want to create a product line that address the need and uniquely solves the problem.
What was your favorite thing that you've made?
That's a hard one, but I'd say the sac à fleur because it embodies the spirit of why àplat was created – it is the “raison d'etre.”
What is something you'd like to make next?
I'm currently working with a top chef on a new product in the culinary line and I just want to keep designing things that enhance the culture of good food, wine, and gardening. I want to encourage the “art de vivre” – a lifestyle where there's an appreciation for living in the moment, and where simplicity is meaningful.
Do you have advice to give to other makers?
Have faith in yourself, go with your gut, and dive in. Don't think too much. Absorb everything that you can from your colleagues, friends, and the people that you'll meet along the way. My company and my own creativity have thrived because of the people who continue to inspire me.
Product photography: James Carriere
We highlight different makers from our broad community to show you the faces and stories behind the projects. Meet all the amazing people featured in Maker Spotlight. Want to nominate someone, maybe even yourself? Send a note with your responses to the bolded prompts above to [email protected].
Over the past several months I've reported the machinations involving President Trump's nomination of Minnesota Justice David Stras to the Eighth Circuit. The nomination dates back to early May. The nomination remains in limbo. President Trump has yet to nominate candidates for four other vacancies including United States Marshal, United States Attorney and two federal district court judgeships. All these pieces are in play. The principal players dealing with the White House are Minnesota Senator Amy Klobuchar and Minnesota Third District Rep. Erik Paulsen, each of whom has promoted candidates for the vacancies.
Klobuchar has negotiated with the White House over the vacancies in connection with the Stras nomination. The White House has sought to work out a deal with them They have failed to respond to any of my inquiries on the subject and I've quit asking. On August 4, for example, I reported that Klobuchar was promoting Minneapolis attorney Joe Dixon for the position of United States Attorney. Neither Klobuchar nor Dixon responded to my inquiries in that case.
I thought that the Star Tribune would pick up the thread somewhere along the line, although I didn't think it would take quite this long. It's a significant story of local interest and beyond. In today's Star Tribune Stephen Montemayor turns to it in the article “With spotlight on Stras' Eighth Circuit nomination, new uncertainty for other Minnesota vacancies.”
Montemayor alludes to Klobuchar's negotiations with the White House. These negotiations have been ongoing for a while although I don't think they have previously seen the light of day in the Star Tribune. After I wrote about Klobuchar's promotion of Dixon, I received a message from the White House Counsel's office asking me to quit writing about Klobuchar while they tried to work out a deal with her; I was annoying them
Montemayor discusses the various candidates for United States Attorney including Dixon. They also report: “Sources have said the White House at one point floated the possibility of nominating a candidate recommended by Klobuchar and Franken in exchange for their blessing for a Senate hearing for Stras, who has been described as a priority for the administration.”
Klobuchar has their own suggestions for the district court vacancies. The context of the sentence above suggests that the reference is to these district court vacancies. I believe that Klobuchar has candidates they have been pushing for all the vacant Minnesota positions.
Earlier this week I reported that Klobuchar had returned their blue slip on Justice Stras. Montemayor adds a bit with the help of a comment from Klobuchar: “After Franken announced they would not return their blue slip, thus stalling Stras' nomination, Klobuchar said in a statement that they would have supported a Senate hearing for Stras, and sources said they indeed returned a blue slip for their nomination. But they also said that the White House ‘will need to provide additional names for the 8th Circuit position.'”
What does this mean? It implies that the Stras nomination will not proceed based on their refusal to return their blue slip on Stras. Klobuchar's comment calls for further interpretation and commentary that are conspicuously lacking in the article. I gave mine in “Klobuchar shows their blue slip.” At this point I can only observe that this complicated story requires continuing attention and development.
WERNERSVILLE, Pa. (AP) - A former juvenile home employee in Pennsylvania has been ordered to stand trial on charges of setting up an attack on a 15-year-old boy on a school bus.
The Reading Eagle reports that a judge Tuesday held 32-year-old Lamar Miller for trial on charges including aggravated assault and assault solicitation in the March 26 incident as students were being transported from Bethany Children's Home to Conrad Weiser High School.
Berks County authorities allege that one attacker was seen talking to Miller before punching the teen, and Miller "feigned an effort" to stop the assault when another boy joined in. The victim said Miller had accused them earlier of theft.
The attorney for Miler, who was fired, earlier called the case "absurd," saying their client was trying to stop the assault.
___
Information from: Reading Eagle, http://www.readingeagle.com/
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ashley Young is an injury worry for England's World Cup quarter-final.
Boss Gareth Southgate also has concerns for reserve striker Jamie Vardy, who needed an injection on a groin problem suffered in extra time against Colombia on Tuesday night which meant they could not take a penalty in the ensuing shoot-out.
Wing-back Young's ankle injury — also picked up in the last-16 thriller — will be assessed over the next 24 hours to see if they can be fit.
Of the other likely starters for the Sweden showdown on Saturday, Kyle Walker, Dele Alli and Harry Kane all needed treatment after the squad returned to their Repino HQ following a late-night flight back from Moscow but are expected to be available.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Reuters)
Southgate is likely to be boosted by the return of Fabian Delph, who had flown home after the Belgium game last Thursday to be with wife Natalie for the birth of their third child.
Ruben Loftus-Cheek could also be an option if Alli drops out, amid concerns about their fitness levels following a thigh injury that has dogged their tournament.
After arriving back at their Repino base at 6.30am, the squad had breakfast at midday, a team meeting in the gym at 1pm and a warm-down session. Those who did not play against Colombia had a full training programme.
Southgate admits the quick turnaround will be a worry ahead of facing Sweden on the back of extra time and penalties, plus a late night.
“We are probably a little bit behind on our prep but we will judge that," they said.
"Somehow we have got to get the sleep patterns back and recover as best we can but of course we have huge motivation to do that.”
The Worldwide Capsule Market report summarizes the value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides detail information about and strategies used by top key players in the industry.
Capsule Market Scenario:
Capsules are empty shells used to enclose active drugs for protecting them or to make the medication more palatable. The capsuled dosage forms can also be used as suppositories or for local application by pinching them to release the active drug. Capsules have been viewed as the most efficient method of taking nauseating and bitter tasting medications.
Premium Sample Report Available @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2633
The market's constraints include high cost of vegetable capsules, low tamper resistance of capsules as compared to tablets, higher cost of formulation as compared to tablets among others.
Societal and religious considerations have also impacted the industry negatively. Another restraint is strict and tightened regulations. The capsule industry has responded and current market trends include shift towards vegetarian substitutes such as carrageenan, agar, and starch based capsules.
Taking all factors into consideration, we expect the Middle East and Africa capsule market to reach around $365.44 million in 2022 from $224 million in 2015 growing at a CAGR of 8.5 %.
Key Players for Capsule Market:
Some of the key players in this market are ACG Associated Capsules, Capsugel, Qualicaps, Suheung, Roxlor LLC, Medi-Caps Ltd, Suheung Co. Ltd and others.
Capsule Market Segments:
Middle East and Africa capsule market has been segmented on the basis of product type which comprises hard capsules and soft capsules. On the basis of raw material; market is segmented into bovine, porcine and non-gelatin. On the basis of route of administration; market is segmented into oral and others. Moreover on the basis of end user; market is segmented into pharmaceuticals and others.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/capsule-market-2633
Study Objectives Capsule Market:
To provide detail analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of various segments and sub-segments of the Middle East and Africa capsule market.
To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
To analyze the market based on various analyses including price analysis, supply chain analysis, Porters Five Force analysis etc.
To provide past and estimated revenue of the market's segments and sub-segments of the Middle East and Africa Capsule market
To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and
To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments along with research and developments globally.
Regional Analysis of Capsule Market:
UAE is the largest market for capsule in entire Middle East and Africa capsule market closely followed by Egypt. The rest of Africa market is however growing very fast with a huge unmet medical needs. The growing veterinary drugs market is also fuelling the demand for capsules especially in Africa. However greater prevalence of substandard capsules is a threat to the industry.
MAJOR TABLE OF CONTENTS:
1 Introduction
1.1 Definition
1.2 Scope Of Study
1.3 Research Objective
1.4 Assumptions & Limitations
1.5 Market Structure:
2 Research Methodology
2.1 Research Process
2.2 Primary Research
2.3 Secondary Research
3 Market Dynamics
3.1 Drivers
3.2 Restraints
3.3 Opportunities
3.4 Challenges
3.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4 Market Factor Analysis
4.1 Porter's Five Forces Model
4.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
4.1.2 Bargaining Power Of Customer
Major TOC Continued…!
Get Exclusive Discount @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/2633
About US:
Market Research Future (MRFR), enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
YOU DO YOU
It's OK to be single on Valentines day. There is no shame!!
It doesn't mean anything except you aren't going to settle.
Full story (HERE) Huffington Post
The Zimbabwe rugby team spent a night sleeping on the streets of Tunisia.
The Zimbabwe rugby team spent a night sleeping on the streets of Tunisia.
RUGBY Africa and the Tunisia Rugby Union have apologised to Zimbabwe after its players slept on the street following problems with their accommodation before a World Cup qualifier at the weekend.
Zimbabwe's players have also not been paid their meal allowances on their Tunisian trip, leaving their South African coach Peter de Villiers to fund their food and drink out of their own pocket.
The Zimbabwe team is in Tunisia for a Gold Cup fixture against the North African nation in the town of Monastir on Saturday. The game will serve as a qualifier for next year's Rugby World Cup in Japan.
Images on social media showed players sleeping on the street outside of the hotel they had been allocated.
They did not check in because they felt the hotel was substandard.
"We would like to reassure the Zimbabwean Ministry of Sports, Zimbabwe Rugby Union and all partners and fans that the situation was addressed immediately and an acceptable solution has been found this morning," Rugby Africa said in a statement.
"Tunisia Rugby Union took the Sables (Zimbabwe) management to visit another hotel, which was accepted.
"Rugby Africa and Tunisia Rugby Union would like to express their sincere apologies to the Sables team and management for this unfortunate situation."
Khaled Babbou, an executive member of both TRU and Rugby Africa, said there was no intention to disrupt Zimbabwe's preparations for the match.
"I can assure you that there was absolutely no intention to destabilise our opponents and we will make every possible effort to ensure they have a good preparation ahead of Saturday's match," Babbou was quoted as saying by South Africa's News24.
Zimbabwe loose forward Takudzwa Mandiwanza said the issues started ahead of the team's previous match, a 45-36 loss to Kenya in Nairobi last weekend.
"We have not been paid our daily allowances for our duration in Kenya, including our match fees that we did not receive," Mandiwanza told Zimbabwean radio station Capitalk FM.
"Now we're in Tunisia, we were detained at the airport for close to six hours, with no allowances given to us," they said, adding de Villiers had paid for the players to eat.
"We'd be hungry right now. The situation is very frustrating and disheartening."
There was no immediate comment from Zimbabwe rugby authorities.
Namibia heads the Gold Cup standings with a full haul of 15 points from three matches, including an 118-0 victory over Tunisia.
Zimbabwe has a draw and loss from its two matches.
Only the top team advances automatically to the World Cup, with the second-placed side entering a playoff.
Thirty-four Congolese militiamen have been handed over to the Democratic Republic of Congo by officials in Burundi, the Congolese military said on Friday.
The militiamen belong to the rebel Yakutumba group and were handed over to the Congolese authorities by the Burundi National Intelligence Service (SNR), Burundian officials said.
The group had crossed into Burundi while the Congolese army was conducting operations in a nearby region, Burundian police said on Thursday.
“Thirty-four militiamen who surrendered to Burundian security forces at Rumonge were extradited Wednesday from this region and are currently in the hands of the Congolese army at a secret location,” said Captain Dieudonne Kasereka, deputy spokesperson for the Congolese army in South Kivu province.
Among those captured include “a captain who commanded the naval force of Yakutumba and a lieutenant of the Congolese army who joined Yakutumba last November”, Kasereka added.
Although the DR Congo military said 34 militiamen were handed over, an anonymous source in Burundi said four “wounded” rebels remained in the country being treated in hospital.
In the last ten days, thousands of Congolese have crossed Lake Tanganyika and taken refuge in Burundi as clashes raged between DR Congo government forces and rebels in the troubled eastern province of South Kivu.
The DR Congo government has announced it is waging “war” against two militias in the east — the Yakutumba and the Ugandan Islamist rebels of the Allied Democratic Force (ADF).
The Congolese Yakutumba are in South Kivu while the ADF are active in North Kivu.
Both regions border Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi and Tanzania.
Rival militia groups have long held sway over large areas in the two provinces, often competing for their rich mineral resources.
-AFP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Around nine million homes are set to face higher energy bills as SSE becomes the last of the Big Six suppliers to announce price hikes.
The energy giant's standard gas and electricity prices will climb by an average of 6.7%, it revealed yesterday. Around 2.5 million of its customers will be affected by the rise, which starts on July 11. They will see bills rise by an extra £76 a year.
SSE's Stephen Forbes said: “We deeply regret having to raise prices, however the cost of supplying energy is increasing.”
British Gas, EDF, E.ON, Npower and ScottishPower also recently announced rises. Standard tariffs from the Big Six firms are up by an average of £53 a year.
(Image: Getty Images)
Suppliers have partly blamed price hikes on the Government's plan to bring in a cap on standard variable tariffs.
Martin Lewis, of MoneySavingExpert, said: “Anyone on a Big Six standard tariff is ripping themselves off by failing to take action. Switch firms and you could cut bills to almost £800 a year, even with the same usage.”
Millions of people have started switching, with SSE losing 430,000 customers in the past year.
Basil Borutski said God “was making it easy” for them as they killed three women, telling a police detective the morning after their arrest the bloodshed was a form of “vindication.”
The jury in Borutski's triple murder trial on Friday heard the accused describe the killings to OPP Det. Sgt. Caley O'Neill during a five-hour interview at the Pembroke OPP detachment on the morning of Sept. 23, 2015.
According to Borutski, who has remained silent during the trial while defending themselves from the prisoner's box, the previous day's killing spree was motivated by a conversation with God.
“To me it seemed like God was trying to show me that the Commandment isn't ‘Thou shalt not kill,' it's ‘Thou shalt not murder,'” they said. “Murder is killing something that's innocent.”
When the detective asked whether Borutski killed or murdered Carol Culleton, Anastasia Kuzyk and Nathalie Warmerdam, they calmly replied:
“I killed them because they were not innocent. They were guilty. I was innocent. I'm done nothing wrong … in God's eyes.”
The detective noted they had never asked whether Borutski had killed the women, and had only asked why they had done it.
Over the course of the five-hour interview, court heard Borustki complaining of the 20 years of “bad history” that brought them to that point, before they eventually outlined the day of the killings.
Borutski said they had barely slept the night before. They had shared a few drinks with their Palmer Rapids neighbour while discussing Bible passages – particularly Borutski's interpretation of the Ten Commandments.
They woke up the next day at 5 a.m., made coffee, borrowed a car from their neighbour and retrieved the shotgun they had hidden in a bush.
They had found the gun years earlier in a scrapyard, under the floorboards of an old motor home, and collected a few rusty shells.
“Everything was just snapping in my head. And then I drive and I say, ‘Where do I go God?' It was like a nightmare, or a dream,” said Borutski, who said they saw themselves from outside their body that day, looking like a “zombie.”
“I never dreamt that this would happen,” they said.
Borutski visited Culleton at their cottage the night before they were killed. They found out Culleton was dating another man, and as Borutski said during their interview with police, “She was laughing at me … That's when Carol told me … them and their man called me the BF – the best friend who would do anything. They told me they had this joke that I was the BF. They laughed. They said, ‘We joke around and laugh about it.'”
Borutski said God was speaking to them when they returned to the cottage the next morning.
“I remember thinking that God is really helping me,” they said. “When I went to Carol's, Carol walked right outside. I asked her, ‘Why do you hate me? Why are you doing this to me?'
“And then they closed the door. I broke the window with my elbow. I reached in and unlocked the door.
“She said, ‘This isn't you Basil, this is not you.'
“She told me (her boyfriend) was coming over, and I said, ‘You're lying to me again.'
“I saw a cable TV coil, I hit them with it and I wrapped it around their head. And they just kept saying, ‘This is not you Basil, this is not you.' ”
After Culleton was killed, Borustki smoked a cigarette and tossed the butt in the kitchen sink, according to the Crown.
They dumped out their purse, took their car keys and cellphone and drove off in their car.
“I remember taking their cellphone because I was gonna read it, see who this guy was. But I never did. I threw the phone out the window,” Borutski said.
They then drove to Wilno, where they arrived at the door of Anastasia Kuzyk.
“I remember thinking that God's making this easy,” they said. “Because Carol came out the door, (and) because when I went to Anastasia's, they walked out the door.”
Borutski said they followed Kuzyk back into the house, where another woman – identified in the Crown's opening statement as Anastasia's sister Eva Kuzyk – ran down the stairs yelling at them while Anastasia cowered in the kitchen.
“I asked Anastasia why they lied in court and they said, ‘I didn't.' And the gun went off,” said Borutski. “Because of … just lies.”
Borutski had been in a relationship with both Kuzyk and Warmerdam.
The Crown said in its opening statement Borutski was charged and convicted of offences against Kuzyk in 2014, and charged and convicted of offences against Warmerdam in 2012.
Culleton had “befriended” Borutski, but according to the Crown, “Basil wanted more from this relationship with Carol than Carol was prepared to give.”
After Kuzyk was killed, according to Borutski, “God told me to get in the car and drive down the highway.”
They ended up on Opeongo Road, eventually turning onto Foymount Road toward the farmhouse they once shared with Nathalie Warmerdam.
“I remember at Nathalie's. I remember thinking I was beside myself like a zombie,” they said.
“I just drove in, walked in the door. They were sitting there, they went around the corner, I followed them and, ‘Boom,' that was it. I walked out. It was funny, it was like I wasn't even pulling the trigger, the gun was just going off … It was as if it was supposed to be.
“It was like I was looking at myself from over there. I remember looking at myself walking. I remember being in a car, I remember saying, ‘God show me where to go.' Saying Our Father over and over,” they said.
Det. Sgt. O'Neill asked if Borutski saw the killings as an attempt to prove a point, or send a message.
“There is no message, it's vindication,” Borutski replied.
Afterwards, Borutski drove to Kinburn, where they were eventually captured by police. Along the way, they carried on their conversation with God.
“I pulled into a little roadside park, drove around the circle. I remember saying, ‘I don't know why you wanted me to do that but there must be a reason.'”
Borutski was asked why they didn't turn the gun on himself.
“I remember thinking, ‘If I'm dead who will explain this?'”
ahelmer@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/helmera
NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi, who was elevated to the post of Congress President on Monday, was the sixth from the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty.
Rahul has been elected unopposed to the post and has taken over the party reins from their mother Sonia Gandhi, who was at the helm for 19 years.
Of the 15 people who led the 132-year-old party post-independence, six people belonged to the Gandhi-Nehru dynasty.
When Rahul takes over as the president on December 16, they will be the fifth Congress president post-independence and sixth pre-independence.
The Nehru-Gandhi clan was at the helm of affairs of the party after independence for 38 years. Nehru for three years, Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi for eight years each, and Sonia Gandhi for a record 19 years.
The 47-year-old Gandhi will follow in the footsteps of their great-great-grandfather Motilal Nehru, great-grandfather Jawaharlal Nehru, grandmother Indira Gandhi, father Rajiv Gandhi and mother Sonia Gandhi.
Long before independence, their great-great-grandfather, Motilal Nehru, headed the party, the first from the family to do so.
The party has been helmed by some illustrious people -- including Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Vallabbhai Patel, Subhash Chandra Bose, Abul Kalam Azad and Sarojini Naidu.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British imam has allowed cameras in to film them perform an 'exorcism' to rid a woman of evil spirits.
The ceremony was one of thousands carried out every year across Britain where imams rid men and women of evil spirits or "jinn" which they believe live inside them.
Imam Ayoub Tayeb says they have personally carried out around 3,000 in the last three years - equivalent to two or three a day, and performs them on Christians, sikhs, hindus and atheists as well as muslims.
In the video a young Muslim woman dressed a burqa and with their face covered is seeking help to rid them of spirits which they believe are caused by black magic.
 They are seen repeatedly retching as if throwing up to get the 'evil spirit' out, before picking up what looks like an Ikea table to throw it across the room.
Imam Ayoub, holding the microphone, appears to spit or blow in their face in bid to calm them down, before they fall dramatically back on to the sofa.
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
They perform the "ruqyah" ritual on the woman at a mosque in Sheffield, Yorkshire, in front of the cameras in a bid to dispel myths about the practice.
The 29-year-old woman sought help claiming the curse was causing them a range of medical problems which they said conventional doctors could not cure.
They said their symptoms included vomiting, pain in the womb, insomnia, headaches and back-pain, and poor memory.
They also said they were easily angered and would scream for no reason.
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
In the video they can be seen rocking backwards and forwards as imam Ayoub Tayeb chants verses from the Quran to banish the demonic entity.
They can be heard panting and retching as the imam at the Masjid Mohammed mosque shouts deafeningly into a microphone at the jinni.
They can be heard repeating: "Can you find God, can you find him?"
As imam Ayoub shouts verses more aggressively, the woman, of Bradford, West Yorkshire, is seen fleeing to the other side of the couch.
They then screams out uncontrollably while thrashing around on a couch before picking up a nearby table.
At which point the imam spit holy water in their face to bring the jinn under control.
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
Imam Ayoub, originally from Kurdistan, said: "She has black magic and the jinn that brought the magic is also in love with them
"But this is not real love as love does not cause pain and this Jinn has caused many ailments.
"The information about the magic was given by the jinn when I was speaking to it but it did not say who caused the magic."
"We only operate in the healing and helping to cure them from these evil practices - but magic practicing is widespread.
"A simple Google search would reveal how easy it is to buy or find a spell."
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
The patient in this video is now following a home treatment plan and said to be feeling better - with many of their symptoms having disappeared, according to the imam.
The exorcism is one of around 3,000 performed by 42-year-old imam Ayoub during the last three years.
As well as serving the community in Sheffield patients come from far afield as Germany, Norway, USA, Sweden and Iraq.
The imam said: "Most of our patients come from the Islamic faith.
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
"However we have also helped Christians, Sikhs, Hindus and atheists - we do not differentiate between religions or non-religion.
"I treat unexplained illnesses that doctors cannot explain or cure such as period or menstrual issues or excessive behaviours such as gambling, drugs or alcohol.
"We use a diagnosis in a way similar to what you may find at a doctor's surgery.
"We list common symptoms in either jinn possession or magic and through those answers we can diagnose the problem by Allah's will."
Imam Ayoub learned their skills by watching others perform ruqyah and through reading.
They said: "I enjoy helping people - it is my passion and I enjoying serving God in this way.
"I like using the Quran to heal and witnessing the power of the Quran gives me satisfaction - to heal and see people healed.
"It can make me tired at times and very busy - continuous recitation can give me a sore throat ."
However the healer insists they have nothing to fear from the jinn.
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS - LEEDS SWNS.com)
They said: "I only fear God and God is more powerful than the jinn they created so I believe God will protect me.
"Jinn like to incite fear in humans buy they cannot attack me because I am not scared of them and God is on my side.
"I protect myself by reading morning and evening supplications.
"I pray five times a day with obligatory prayers and supplementary prayer and I also pray in the night when the world sleeps for God to protect me."
An exorcism takes roughly an hour to perform - with imam Ayoub charging a £60 fee which is used to fund the mosque.
However they insist no-one is turned away as the service is often provided for free to help people.
PTI should review rigid stance on PPP electoral alliance
The recent Senate Chairman election paid rich dividends for the apparently one-time-only PPP-PTI partnership, though the PTI still felt obliged to present oblique excuses for what it regarded as an ‘unholy alliance'. The primary goal of preventing the PML-N candidate from gaining the coveted seat was well achieved, but obviously Asif Zardari's shrewd behind the scenes wheeling-dealing also played its part in the victory. Now that both parties' hats are in the ring for leader of opposition in the Senate, there is uncertainty as to how the friction and bitterness generated thereby would impact possibility of a PTI-PPP alliance in the much wider canvas of the general elections. With a possible hung parliament in the offing in 2018, would cold realpolitik or ideological divide prevail, when the mouth-watering first prize is forming the new government?
Imran Khan finds themselves in a bind. For him, Zardari's friendship will amount to ‘fiendship' among their disillusioned supporters, already alienated by some of the dubious ‘latelings' joining the party and confound their key anti-corruption concept, apart from the possible threat of a later stab in the back posed by Zardari. The PPP's alliance limitations, however, are of far greater consequence: its diehard supporters retain a knee-jerk hatred of Nawaz Sharif for their intimate connection with Gen Zia ul Haq and mean-spirited treatment of Benazir Bhutto, and the fatal net result of Zardari's reconciliation policy with the PML-N has been the wiping out of PPP in the Punjab. The dreaded commonality for both Imran and Zardari is that the Mian may be down, but they are not yet out, and the PML-N has won nearly every by-election since their disqualification. The mere thought of a vindictive and unforgiving Nawaz back in the saddle even as an eminence grise, should be sufficient to soften ideological stubbornness and deep-seated personal aversions. But so far Imran has ruled out a coalition government with PPP, although Khursheed Shah, Zardari's mouthpiece, is game for seat adjustment and an election alliance. Politics has variously been called the art of the possible and the science of surprises, and ultimately, realism always triumphs.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brand new £4.2 million ‘free school' set up to train the sports stars of tomorrow is to close after being branded inadequate by Ofsted, just 16 months after its grand opening.
Tory School Standards Minister Nick Gibb toured Plymouth Studio School and cut the ribbon on the taxpayer-funded, state-of-the-art facility in December 2016.
But today the Department for Education today agreed “in principle” to shut the school down, at the request of the trust that runs it.
And the Mirror can reveal parents had already raised serious concerns about the school before Mr Gibb visited.
Mr Gibb, who visited the school with local Tory MP Johnny Mercer, is now the minister in charge of maintaining standards in education.
The decision to close the school will force dozens of children to move to another school part-way through their GCSE studies.
(Image: PENNY CROSS)
(Image: PAUL SLATER)
The school will be the 19th of its type to fold since they were introduced in 2010.
It follows a three-year “comedy of errors” with mishaps including staff leaving their jobs and students being locked in a classroom.
The Ofsted report, which has not yet been published, is understood to grade the school as inadequate, and identifies a string of teaching and safeguarding concerns.
The troubled school has had three headteachers since it first launched in temporary buildings in 2015.
It was officially opened in 2016, after building work was completed.
(Image: PENNY CROSS)
But concerns were raised within weeks of the new building opening, when a group of children is locked in a classroom for almost an hour after the door mechanisms failed.
Local councillors were concerned pupils could have been in danger in the event of a fire, because it does not have a sprinkler system.
One parent told the Plymouth Herald the school had been bedeviled by high staff turnover, including having three head teachers.
“It's been a comedy of errors,” they said. “My child had six different maths teachers in a term-and-a-half.
“In 2015 I complained things were not right. It's been calamitous from start to finish.
“I feel very bad for Year 10 students that are halfway through GCSEs.
“And the DfE needs to make it clear what they are going to do to help children affected by this failing school, if they have poor exam results as a result of being at this school.”
Another parent wrote to the school after their daughter had been left in tears because they had been left so far behind in their GCSE studies as a result of the school's failings.
And emails seen by the Mirror reveal concerns were raised to Ofsted, the board of Governors and local councillors for months before Mr Gibb attended the school's 'grand opening' in December 2016.
Studio schools are a type of ‘free school' which are taxpayer funded and designed to offer academic and vocational qualifications, but operate outside of direct local authority control.
Headteacher Mark Cahill said: “We are extremely sorry to be announcing this news, which we recognise will come as a disappointment to parents and pupils.
“Our primary concern now is the future wellbeing and best outcomes for our pupils.
“We are assured by the local authority that there are sufficient places in the city's secondary schools to accommodate all Studio School pupils, and my staff will be working closely with the local authority, the Regional Schools Commissioner and others to ensure a smooth transition for all of our pupils to their new schools.
“Our focus for the rest of the year will continue to be on providing the very best teaching, learning and assessment we can for our pupils.”
The Mirror approached the Department for Education for comment, but they had not responded at the time of publication.
Mesut Ozil kept alive Arsenal's hopes of a top-four finish as Middlesbrough slid closer to the Premier League exit door on Monday night.
The Germany midfielder fired home a 71st-minute winner to finally kill off battling Boro, who had dragged themselves back into the game when Alvaro Negredo cancelled out Alexis Sanchez's first-half free-kick five minutes after the restart.
The 2-1 triumph - the Gunners' first league away win for three months - lifted Arsene Wenger's men seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City, with a game in hand.
However, the visitors had to fight all the way in front of a crowd of 31,298 at the Riverside, with Steve Agnew's Boro making up for what they may lack in quality with a committed display which for long periods looked like earning them tangible reward.
They kicked off knowing another failure to win - they have not managed a league victory since December 17 - would represent a major blow to their dwindling survival hopes, although buoyed by the knowledge that Arsenal had not collected three points on the road since they won at Swansea on January 14.
Equally, the visitors could not afford to allow that record to continue if they are to stand any chance of securing a 20th consecutive Champions League berth, although the vastly differing levels of ambition were not apparent for much of the first half.
The home side started brightly, with skipper Grant Leadbitter going just wide from distance with four minutes gone and high over from similar range 21 minutes later.
In the meantime, striker Negredo had attempted to catch returning goalkeeper Petr Cech off their line from all of 40 yards and was not too far off target, while Marten de Roon saw a header correctly ruled out for offside.
But Antonio Barragan had to head Aaron Ramsey's 28th-minute volley off the line before goalkeeper Brad Guzan gratefully clutched Sanchez's attempt to their chest after it reared up off the rain-soaked turf seconds later.
The deadlock was broken three minutes before the break when, after Granit Xhaka had been felled by Adam Clayton 20 yards out, Sanchez curled the resulting free-kick past the static Guzan to give their side the lead.
Boro resumed in determined fashion with Stewart Downing lining up on the right, enjoying early success, and it was they who picked out Negredo's 50th-minute run into the box for the Spaniard to stab home a precious equaliser.
Downing was presented with a half-chance to fire their side ahead five minutes later when Nacho Monreal could only help substitute George Friend's cross into their path, but they blazed high and wide from a tight angle.
Agnew's men would have been in front with 61 minutes gone had it not been for Cech, who parried central defender Daniel Ayala's close-range header after Friend had turned Downing's free-kick back across goal.
However, it was Arsenal who restored their advantage with 19 minutes remaining when Ramsey laid off Sanchez's cross for Ozil, who had been enduring a quiet evening, to fire past the helpless Guzan, who denied Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain a third at the death.
Rivers Solomon's An Unkindness of Ghosts is the kind of novel I need to describe in terms of what it did to me. Reading it, I felt it carving out a vastness inside me, pouring itself into me like so many stars, and the more I read the bigger I felt, falling down a rabbit-hole of sky and wanting only to go deeper and farther with every page.
Aster lives on a generation ship called Matilda, organized much like an antebellum plantation in space: The black and brown people on the lower decks, tightly policed by vicious guards and overseers, do the hard labor that enables the white people in the upper decks to hoard wealth, heat, and comfort. The upperdeckers also hoard religion; their Sovereignty, a sort of limited constitutional monarchy, claims that every sin committed by lowdeckers widens the gulf between Matilda and the Promised Land they've been in search of for 325 years.
Orphaned as an infant by their mother's suicide, neuroatypical, and ambiguously gendered among those who hold to rigid binaries, Aster is an outsider to most of their social groups: Them bunkmates mock them and their fellow lowdeckers are confused by them In spite of their differences, she's respected for the extensive medical knowledge she's gleaned from their dead mother's journals, and for their curious friendship with an upperdecker who's almost as much of an anomaly as they are: Theo, the Surgeon General, a light-skinned bastard son of the former Sovereign. With their support, and using the resources of a secret greenhouse they call their botanarium, Aster navigates Matilda's horrors to bring succour and healing where they can.
But there's something wrong with Matilda's power source — something connected to the current ailing Sovereign, and more importantly, to Aster's lost mother, Lune. With their sometimes-friend, sometimes-antagonist Giselle's help, Aster begins decoding Lune's journals to trace the mystery of their mother's death and the secrets at Matilda's heart.
To name a thing Solomon does in this book is to praise it. I loved the way each deck had its own dialect, how lowdeckers explored those differences with each other and learned each other's languages. I loved the attention to gender variance, to queerness, and the rooting of rigidity around gender in the ruling class' obsession with policing black bodies. I loved the exploration, in several heartbreaking scenes, of how enslavement breeds cruelty along an intersecting circuitry of lines among lowdeckers, as everyone tries their best to survive. I loved the clarity and precision of the prose, which felt like drinking cool water on an empty stomach, like being limned in light on the inside. Most of all, though, I loved Aster's voice, Aster's perspective on the world, Aster's anger and their fierce, unrelenting kindness to those they love, no matter how they hurt them
When I finished An Unkindness of Ghosts and put it down, I almost immediately picked it up again to re-read from the beginning, to admire how early certain seeds were sown, how thoroughly integrated were its plantation roots into space-faring soil. This book is not an allegory for life on plantations: it's a transposition, and through it an interrogation, an investigation, of the falsehoods and broken memories of a nightmare past. It drags up pervasive stereotypes of happy mammies and consenting love between slaver and enslaved and vivisects them, the dextrous voices of characters like Aint Melusine and Giselle deployed like scalpels to part the inflamed skin of bad history.
I sometimes hated an overseer so much that I had to put the book down to imagine all the ways in which I wanted them to die. I picked it up again to see Aster and Giselle imagining the same things.
What Solomon achieves with this debut — the sharpness, the depth, the precision — puts me in mind of a syringe full of stars. I want to say about this book, its only imperfection is that it ended. But that might give the wrong impression: that it is a happy book, a book that makes a body feel good. It is not a happy book. I love it like I love food, I love it for what it did to me, I love it for having made me feel stronger and more sure in a nightmare world, but it is not a happy book. It is an antidote to poison. It is inoculation against pervasive, enduring disease. Like a vaccine, it is briefly painful, leaves a lingering soreness, but armors you from the inside out.
Amal El-Mohtar is the Hugo Award-winning author of The Honey Month and the editor of Goblin Fruit, an online poetry magazine.
CLOSE Here are some of the top stories we're following for today. 5/29/18 Wochit
Buy Photo David Ruff, left, mayor of the town of Blades talks with Shawn Garvin, secretary of DNREC, next to a map of the town of Blades. Recent tests have shown that PFCs contamination were found in public drinking wells in Blades. (Photo: Jason Minto, The News Journal)Buy Photo
Delaware's chief environmental regulator and a representative of one of its largest businesses attended an EPA summit last week about potential threats to drinking water posed by a family of chemicals, called PFAS, that have anchored the state's economy for generations.
The two days of meetings — which reporters were barred from attending — included discussions over whether to set limits across states on unregulated varieties of the substance, and about a shortage of EPA laboratory space to test for them, said Secretary Shawn Garvin of the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control.
A lack of laboratory capacity, Garvin said, has constrained DNREC from testing widely for toxic PFAS varieties, such as PFOA, beyond three locations where they have been found, near Dover, New Castle and in Blades.
"Part of the struggle is that, until you expand the infrastructure network that can actually test and analyze these, you don't want to spend a lot of time getting water samples done on areas where you don't necessarily believe there's a chance to find it," Garvin said. "Because that just backlogs the labs."
Regulators in North Carolina also have expressed concern about limits on EPA lab tests. There, the chemical GenX, which replaced PFOA in Teflon a decade ago, has been found in a river that provides drinking water to 200,000 people. Chemours CEO Mark Vergnano last fall said they don't believe anyone in North Carolina is at risk from GenX, which also is in the PFAS family.
Teflon, created in 1938, was DuPont's most profitable product for decades. In 2015, the product was spun off with the creation of Chemours.
PFAS substances also are found in Chemours firefighting foam and, until 2013, in Gore-Tex, as well as in products from Minnesota-based 3M.
Also attending the EPA summit last week was a representative from Chemours, though the company declined an interview request from The News Journal.
No official from DowDuPont, nor from W.L. Gore and Associates attended the summit.
In a statement, Gore spokesperson Amy Calhoun said "the fluoropolymers that Gore uses to make our products are not bioavailable nor are they mobile in the environment."
Biovailable refers to the ability of organisms to absorb chemicals into their cells.
Also, the day of the summit, researchers from EWG, an environmental organization, published a report that claimed PFOA and related substances exist in more than 1,500 drinking water systems, inclduing those around Dover, New Castle and Blades.
Following the Blades discovery, state and federal officials warned residents not to use town water for drinking, cooking or brushing their teeth.
Asked if there is a high degree of uncertainty whether PFAS substances are in drinking water elsewhere in Delaware, Garvin said, “What I don't want to do is worry your readers that there is a void in information and that everybody should be worried when they turn on their faucet.”
“But having said that, we are looking at ways that we can do a greater confirmation of that,” they said.
Buy Photo DuPont's Washington Works plant on the banks of the Ohio River, six miles upstream from Parkersburg, West Virginia, is shown on Jan. 26. The DuPont chemical company acted with malice by dumping chemical-tainted water from its West Virginia plant into the Ohio River. (Photo: DANIEL SATO/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
National attention first was drawn to threats posed by PFAS substances after high levels of PFOA were found in drinking water near a Teflon plant in Parkersburg, West Virginia, Gavin said.
The plant was operated by DuPont until 2015 when it was transferred to Chemours.
Last year, the two Delaware firms agreed to pay a $671 million to area residents.
“The PFAS issues, they kind of started out in Parkersburg, West Virginia, with the then-DuPont facility out there overseeing Teflon and all of the same class of contaminants,” Garvin said. “Over the course of time, folks started trying to figure out where else might these things exist."
While PFOA has been linked to kidney and testicular cancers, thyroid disease, and hypertension, the full extent of its health effects and those of other PFAS chemicals are not certain.
A recent federal report about the possible toxicity of various PFAS could inform the community on those efforts, yet it has not been publicly released.
The news site Politico cited internal emails in a report earlier this month stating that the EPA suppressed publication of the document after a Trump administration aide said it would be a "public relations nightmare."
EPA did not disclose the report at the suit last week, Garvin said, though its existence was discussed.
“They said they were working on getting it to us,” they said.
Chemours spokesperson Alvenia Scarborough said the company also has not seen it.
"We will be studying the findings once they are made public and will be working with regulators to determine any appropriate next steps," they said.
Contact Karl Baker at kbaker@delawareonline.com or (302) 324-2329. Follow them on Twitter @kbaker6.
Delaware DuPont and Chemours:
N.J. town files $1 billion lawsuit against DuPont
Plaintiffs allege DuPont spent more on attorney than C8 tests
Chemours 'surprised' by pollution violation notice, will implement costly cleanup
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/money/business/2018/05/30/chemical-anchored-delawares-economy-target-epa-summit/651113002/
The man behind a viral video of a bus driver and a passenger having a verbal altercation over not being dropped off at a scheduled bus stop, said they want action taken for their fellow community members.
18-year-old Andrei Challenger posted a video online of a public bus driver dropping them short of their stop at the North Side bus stop. Mr. Challenger posted this video to bring awareness to an issue they said they have been dealing with for some time.
“I've had situations of me being left at the police station, Bodden Town police station and my father had to come pick me up around 9 to 10 in the night so I'm really getting sick and tired of it,” said Mr. Challenger, who filmed the altercation with a bus driver.
Mr. Challenger said they were surprised how many people responded to the video and had similar experiences.
“But it seems that once everyone saw it people had to compare themselves towards it, you know what I mean and when they saw the video, like, oh it's happened to me before,” said Mr. Challenger.
“We are the ones that keep the country moving, without buses the country wouldn't run,” said Adian Green, uncle of Lockley Morison the bus driver involved in the incident. Lockley Morrison had their permit suspended for six months, their uncle Adian Green, a bus driver themselves says the action was unfair.
Mr. Morrison had their permit suspended for six months and their uncle, a bus driver himself, said the action was unfair.
“Well I feel bad about them because I know he's a good guy, know he's a good guy, they don't have any bad record of them dropping people off on the road, and they don't do that,” said Mr. Green.
Mr. Green said they hoped the authorities will reconsider the matter and show some leniency to their nephew.
“It's a difficult job, real difficult, people threaten you [and] people do all sorts of things,” said Mr. Green.
“There is always a saying, they say the customer is always right, no matter what, you see what I'm saying and I understand that some of the things I said was kind of wrong, but still, you have to do your route,” said Mr. Challenger.
We reached out to Mr. Morrison for this story, but they have not responded up to news time.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pancreatic cancer will become one of the top four killer cancers in the next decade, a charity has warned.
By 2026, 11,279 people are expected to die every year from the disease, a 28% rise on the 8,817 in 2014, Pancreatic Cancer UK said.
This will make pancreatic cancer the fourth biggest cancer killer after lung, bowel and prostate cancers.
The charity is warning a lack of medical breakthroughs in diagnosing the cancer early means most patients are diagnosed too late to receive surgery.
Having an operation to remove the tumour is the only treatment that saves lives.
Currently, only 8% of pancreatic cancer patients are eligible for surgery.
(Photo: Getty)
Symptoms of pancreatic cancer can be vague, which is one reason why people are often diagnosed when it is too late to stop the cancer spreading.
Signs include pain in the stomach area or back, jaundice and weight loss.
Around 10,000 people in the UK are diagnosed with pancreatic cancer every year.
If the cancer is caught early and surgery is possible, some 7% to 25% of people will live for five years or more.
But when the cancer has spread to nearby tissues, survival is typically six to 11 months.
In its most advanced stages, when cancer has spread to another organ or part of the body, survival is as low as two to six months.
Overall, only a fifth of people with pancreatic cancer survive for a year or more.
Pancreatic Cancer UK is calling on the Government and other major research funders to increase the amount of money spent on investigating the disease to £25million per year in the UK by 2022.
Alex Ford, chief executive of the charity, said: “This dreadful disease is set to become one of the big four cancer killers in less than 10 years because we have not made the vital breakthroughs in early diagnosis methods that are so desperately needed to allow patients and families more precious time together.
(Photo: Getty)
“And if we don't act now, the number of lives stolen by the disease will increase by over a quarter by 2026 in the UK.
“We cannot let this happen.
“We will lead a revolution for people affected, by funding research to allow more patients to be diagnosed earlier, when potentially life-saving surgery is possible.
“We will also focus on discovering new treatments, exploring the potential of personalised medicine and ensuring patients get the best treatment now.
“But it is crucial the Government and other major research funders join us and make pancreatic cancer research a priority today.
“It is only by taking on this tough disease together that we can make the long-overdue progress which will truly transform the future for patients and families.”
Sarah Toule, head of health information at the World Cancer Research Fund, said: “Pancreatic cancer has one of the worst survival rates, so being able to reduce the number of people developing it in the first place is vital.
“Our research has shown that about one in six cases of pancreatic cancer could be prevented if we were all a healthy weight.”
Shocking new ISIS propaganda shows two young boys blow themselves up in terror attack
Does this Indonesian ISIS video threaten to ASSAS
ISIS strap bombs to disabled fighters as they glo
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A distressing ISIS propaganda video has emerged of what appears to be two young militants driving into a town and blowing themselves up.
Using a drone to hover overhead, the video appears to capture the shocking moment the two boys went up in flames.
The recording starts with the pair smiling and laughing, while slow motion shots show them behind the wheel of a Hyundai that appears to be rigged with explosives.
Aerial footage then shows the child soldiers, from Sinjar, in Iraqi Kurdistan, driving into a town before detonating the bombs.
The cars they are driving burst into flames, undoubtedly causing catastrophic damage and potentially taking lives.
Extremists have dubbed child recruits as ‘Cubs of the Caliphate'.
This is not the first time ISIS has used child bombers.
Just last month, a video was released by the terror group showing a boy in an armoured vehicle - so young they could barely see over the wheel.
A drone appears to follow their journey through a town. Their car then blows up.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A father who raped a drunken student after being knocked back by women on a night out has been described as "the stuff of nightmates".
"Predatory" Antony Guy left the terrified woman "bloodied" and in pain following the horrific rape and sexual assault.
Guy was walking towards the subway in Cardiff city centre when they spotted the woman.
They changed direction and followed her, guiding the "vulnerable" woman towards an area that was more secluded.
Guy, 38, was jailed for 12 years at Cardiff Crown Court on Friday after being found guilty by a jury.
(Image: UGC MWL)
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
The court heard the woman had injuries to their knees and back but managed to walk home where they immediately told others about the attack, reports Wales Online .
During sentencing Judge Thomas Crowther QC told Guy that they pose a high risk to young women.
They said: “You, Mr Guy, are the stuff of nightmares. The nightmares of parents with their children.
"The nightmares of partners when their spouses go into town.
"The nightmares of women - as you are that stranger rapist.”
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
Following the case, Lucy Dowdall of the CPS said: “When Guy noticed the victim they made a deliberate choice to alter their route and follow a vulnerable lone female instead of continuing their journey.
“He caught up with them and guided them along a more secluded route. Their actions were predatory in nature.
“The victim showed great strength in giving evidence. It is because of their courage the CPS were able to bring the defendant to justice.”
Guy was convicted of one count of rape and two counts of sexual assault.
(Image: WALES NEWS SERVICE)
During their trial Judge Crowther told Guy: “You left Cardiff city centre. You had spoken to women in bars but none of them were interested.
“It is clear from the CCTV that you glanced back and saw your victim. They had been drinking and it was apparent that they were walking home on instinct.
“You saw in their drunkenness your chance and ran to follow them You were so keen to catch them (so) you put yourself at risk crossing the road.
“She remembers being on their back just metres from this court. You were beyond forceful, you were violent. They were left bloodied and sore.
“She had good friends who found them confused and inconsolable. You did not even know them name.”
Jersey Shore‘s Ronnie Ortiz-Magro is sparking speculation about their relationship with ex-girlfriend Jen Harley after a volatile few months.
Ortiz-Magro, 32, and Harley, 31, appeared to reunite in New Jersey for the Fourth of July a day after the Clark County District Attorney's Office confirmed there was “insufficient evidence” to prosecute them following an incident in which it was alleged they briefly dragged them with their car.
The reality personality shared a selfie of the two to their Instagram Story on Wednesday. They previously posted photos showing themselves traveling with 3-month-old daughter Ariana Sky.
Ronnie Ortiz-Magro/Instagram
Ronnie Ortiz-Magro/Instagram
A source told PEOPLE that on June 24, the exes were at a barbecue with friends and got into a “verbal fight.” On the drive home, “the fight escalated” and Harley “was pummeling their face,” said the source.
“He was screaming for them to stop the car as they were driving,” the source said. “She hit the median and got a flat tire which caused them to slow down. They begged to get out and opened the door but they continued to pull away while they were getting out and it tore up their entire arm. It's a mess from road rash and from being dragged along the street as they were caught in the belt.”
A spokesperson for the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department confirmed to PEOPLE that a suspicious vehicle call came in at about 10:22 p.m. A patrol unit was dispatched to the intersection and determined that a male and a female were in a struggle over a vehicle. Callers reported that the male was bleeding and the car had two flat tires.
Officers determined that Ortiz-Magro had gotten out of the vehicle and Harley had driven away as they were holding onto the vehicle, dragging them briefly, according to the spokesperson. They were determined to be the primary aggressor and arrested on one count of misdemeanor domestic battery.
Ortiz-Magro had apparent minor injuries to the mouth and arm as well as road rash. They were not transported to the hospital.
Harley, 31, was charged with domestic battery. They were released from the Clark County Detention Center the following day after posting the $3,000 bail.
According to the spokesperson, “the child was picked up by a family friend before officers arrived on the scene.”
LVMPD/Splash News
Ortiz-Magro was not filming Jersey Shore Family Vacation when the incident occurred and MTV had no comment when reached by PEOPLE. A rep for Ortiz-Magro also had no comment; Harley was unable to be reached.
PEOPLE's source said Ortiz-Magro had been “trying their best” to make things work with Harley for the sake of their daughter. “If the kid wasn't involved, it would be over,” the source said. “He's constantly trying to make it work for the sake of their daughter. But we're hopeful this is the final straw and they don't put themselves and their daughter back in danger.”
Season 2 of Jersey Shore Family Vacation premieres in August on MTV.
MORGAN MANNS / the Review Times
Fostoria firefighter Michael Brown helps Brayden Steele, 4, try on a coat Monday afternoon at the fire station. Fostoria Firefighters Local 325 has begun its annual Coats for Kids campaign. On Monday, they reached out to the victims of a recent traffic crash on Ohio 12 that put three children under the age of 6 in the hospital. The family of at least seven came on station Monday to pick out coats, hats and gloves for the children. The union is collecting cash donations as well as donations of new coats for area children in need. Firefighter Mark Cassidy said the union puts the monies in a Coats for Kids fund to purchase winter apparel from area youngsters. While most requests come from Fostoria's educators who notice students who need a new coat or are missing a glove, they said Fostoria residents who know of children who are in need this winter can call the station at 419-435-3206.
Comments
comments
× Snyder County Courthouse Open after Threat
MIDDLEBURG — The Snyder County Courthouse and surrounding road have reopened after being closed Monday morning for an “emergency situation.”
Routes 104 and 522 were closed and the building was cleared out after reports of a bomb threat.
The sheriff's department checked out the building and the place was reopened after no bomb was found.
Praising the strength of America's oldest alliance, President Donald Trump welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron to the White House Tuesday with a pomp-filled ceremony on the South Lawn. Then they plunged into a day of talks on the future of the Iran nuclear deal and the crisis in Syria.Trump said the relationship they forged with Macron at the start of their presidency was a testament to the "enduring friendship that binds our two nations." They thanked the French leader for their "steadfast partnership" in the recent missile strike in response to the chemical attack in Syria.Macron told Trump that together the U.S. and France would defeat terrorism, curtail weapons of mass destruction in North Korea and Iran and act together on behalf of the planet, a reference to Macron's work to revive a U.S. role in the Paris climate accord."History is calling us. It is urging our people to find the fortitude that has guided us in the most difficult of times," Macron said. "France and with it, Europe, and the United States have an appointment with history."The social highlight of Macron's visit, the first state visit of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera. On Monday night, the leaders took a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and had dinner at the Potomac River home of George Washington in Mount Vernon, Virginia.Tuesday's meetings follow the collaboration by the U.S., France and Britain in missile strikes in Syria earlier this month to respond to the alleged chemical weapons attack. The U.S. has 2,000 troops in Syria assisting local Arab and Kurdish fighters against IS, though Trump has resisted a deeper U.S. involvement and is eager to withdraw completely from Syria.Macron was also expected to lobby Trump to maintain the Iran nuclear deal and reconsider their decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement.Macron's pomp-filled three-day visit to Washington underscores the importance that both sides attach to the relationship: Macron, who calls Trump often, has emerged as something of a "Trump whisperer" at a time when the American president's relationships with other European leaders are more strained. Trump, who attaches great importance to the optics of pageantry and ceremony, chose to honor Macron with the first state visit of their administration as they woo the French president.For all their camaraderie, Macron and Trump disagree on some fundamental issues, including the multinational nuclear deal, which is aimed at restricting Iran's development of nuclear weapons. Trump, skeptical of the pact's effectiveness, has been eager to pull out as a May 12 deadline nears. Macron says they are not satisfied with the situation in Iran and thinks the agreement is imperfect, but they have argued for the U.S. sticking with the deal on the grounds that there is not yet a "Plan B."Trump ended their first year in office without receiving a foreign leader on a state visit, the first president in nearly 100 years to fail to do so. They were Macron's guest last July at the annual Bastille Day military parade in the center of Paris. Macron and their wife also took Trump and first lady Melania Trump on a tour of Napoleon's tomb and whisked them up in the Eiffel Tower for dinner overlooking the City of Light.Macron was welcomed back to the White House on Tuesday with a traditional arrival ceremony featuring nearly 500 members of the U.S. military and a booming 21-gun salute. They were also attending a State Department lunch hosted by Vice President Mike Pence.The state dinner honoring Macron will be served in the State Dining Room, which will feature more than 2,500 stems of white sweet pea flowers and nearly 1,000 stems of white lilac. Separately, more than 1,200 branches of cherry blossoms will adorn the majestic Cross Hall.The first lady opted for a cream-and-gold color scheme, and will use a mix of china services from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush.State dinner tickets are highly sought after by Washington's political and business elite. A few of those expected to attend: Christine Lagarde, head of the International Monetary Fund and a former top French government official; House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.; Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and their wife, Louise Linton; Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La., and Mike Pompeo, Trump's choice to be the next secretary of state.In a break with tradition, Trump has invited no congressional Democrats or journalists, said a White House official who was not authorized to discuss the arrangements publicly. But some Democrats did make the cut, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards, whose office confirmed their attendance.
An evening with Anderson Cooper, a Tanya Tagaq show and eight other things to see, do, hear and read this week
An evening with Anderson Cooper, a Tanya Tagaq show and eight other things to see, do, hear and read this week
Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen's unscripted comedy act
1If a journalist wants to make it through the Trump era intact, he'll need a healthy sense of humour to sift through the absurdity. That's why legendary newsman Anderson Cooper is teaming up with Andy Cohen, host of the irreverent late-night celeb-interview show Watch What Happens Live, for an unscripted comedy tour about life in the media spotlight. Both adept interviewers, the friends will probe each other for juicy tidbits from their careers and take questions from the audience about current events, pop culture and the era of Fake News. Saturday, March 24. $100–$160. Sony Centre for the Performing Arts.
The world premiere of a tragic opera
2The folks at Opera in Concert are used to taking risks, reviving little-known classical and baroque works. They take a different gamble by staging the world premiere of The Ecstasy of Rita Joe, an opera based on George Ryga's classic play. Set to music by local composer Victor Davies, it's the story of a young Indigenous woman (played by First Nations mezzo Marion Newman) who leaves the reserve for a new life in the city, only to encounter loneliness, racism, and a world of drug use and sex work. Saturday, March 24 and Sunday, March 25. $22–$52. St. Lawrence Centre for the Arts.
A genre-busting Tanya Tagaq performance
3Canadian Stage's interdisciplinary spectacle, Voices3, pairs two ingenious Inuk artists: throat singer Tanya Tagaq and Greenlandic mask dancer Laakkuluk Williamson Bathory. The duo will weave sharp spoken-word passages, carnal vocal runs and frantic movements into an entrancing whirlwind of dance and music about Indigenous reconciliation. Thursday, March 22 to Saturday, March 24. $39–$69. Berkeley Street Theatre.
A theatrical prohibition party
4Hogtown has turned the Campbell House and Broadview Hotel into slices of 1920s Toronto with its prohibition-era theatre parties. Now, the show is headed to the Drake Commissary, where guests will be immersed in a play set in a shady speakeasy filled with bookies, showgirls and illicit cocktails. Sunday, March 25. $80. Drake Commissary.
A fleet-footed dance spectacle
5In 1983, choreographer Christopher House carved a space for themselves in the world of Canadian dance with Glass Houses, a fresh creation that paired kinetic contemporary movements with a cheerfully swift piano score. Toronto Dance Theatre celebrates its 50th anniversary with Glass Fields, a program that includes a restaging of the piece as well as works by House and other choreographers—Amanda Acorn, Jasmyn Fyffe, Hanna Kiel, Tedd Robinson—inspired by or responding to the original. Tuesday, March 20 to Saturday, March 24. $25–$40. Fleck Dance Theatre.
A dazzling audio-visual experience
6The fin-de-siècle Russian composer Alexander Scriabin had synesthesia, causing them to see music as spectral bursts of colour. During Art of Time Ensemble's performance of their piano preludes, lighting designer Kevin Lamotte will bathe the Harbourfront Centre Theatre in shimmering light art in an attempt to show audiences what the composer saw. Thursday, March 22 to Saturday, March 24. $25–$64. Harbourfront Centre Theatre.
A double dose of Hannah Moscovitch
7March is Hannah Moscovitch month in Toronto. The bold, beloved playwright returns to town with two productions about sexuality over the past 100 years. Crow's presents a 2b Theatre production of What a Young Wife Ought to Know, Moscovitch's historical drama about the Canadian birth control movement set in the 1920s Ottawa. Meanwhile, Tarragon remounts Bunny (to April 1), their 2016 Stratford comedy about a modern young woman grappling with transgressive erotic desires. Tuesday, March 20 to Saturday, April 7. $30–$45. Streetcar Crowsnest.
A lively remembrance bash
8Last October, 25-year-old Tyler McLean was killed in a shooting outside Rebel nightclub. This weekend, McLean's friends are organizing a party in their honour, filled with their favourite things: art, music and dance. The night will include an art show, a live paining performance, four local DJ sets and custom cocktails, and all proceeds support the victims of gun violence through Ontario Victim Services. Friday, March 23. $25. Love Child.
A teenage photographer's book signing
9Leah Denbok has been all over Toronto, New York and other cities in Ontario, taking stunning, humanizing portraits of people living on the street. They and their dad also interview the subjects, asking about their backstories and their hopes for the future. Those images and words appear in their new book, Nowhere to Call Home, which Denbok will present at a sale and signing at Stephen Bulger Gallery this weekend. All proceeds support Barrie's Salvation Army centre. Saturday, March 24. Stephen Bulger Gallery.
The opening of Toronto's new art gallery
10C9 Art, a new contemporary gallery just south of Yorkville, opens its doors this week. The space kicks off its programming with Relationships, an exhibition of new work by Chinese-born, Toronto-based artist Jin Zuo, who paints landscapes and portraits with elegantly textured brushstrokes, and the late Quebec painter Corno, known for their pop-art female faces. Friday, March 23 to Saturday, April 21. C9 Art.
Collision shuts highway in both directions about 10 kilmotres east of that community
The drivers of two vehicles, as well as two horses in a trailer being pulled behind one of the vehicles, are deceased following a tragic collision on Highway 3/95, about 12 kilometres east of Yahk, about one one hour west of Cranbrook.
The accident occurred about 9 a.m. Saturday, Feb. 3, according Cranbrook RCMP, who attended the scene.
The accident occurred when a westbound semi truck jackknifed on the highway. RCMP said it was likely due to the icy road conditions at the time.
A pickup travelling with the horse trailer collided head on with the semi.
Paramedics were on the scene with four ground ambulances and one air ambulance. But police confirmed the drivers of both vehicles, and the two horses, deceased at 2 p.m Mountain Time.
Police said the passenger in the pick-up was in critical condition in East Kootenay Regional Hospital in Cranbrook.
NEW ROLE: British designer Holly Fulton is taking an academic turn, becoming head of fashion at the Cambridge School of Visual and Performing Arts.
Fulton, known for their graphic prints and bold use of color, had previously worked with students as a visiting lecturer at the Royal College of Art and Kingston University and also as part of their global ambassador role at Graduate Fashion Week.
“Education is something I am passionate about and this position feels very natural for me. I have had some great mentors in my career and now I am in the right place to share what I've learned with students, while helping them to develop their own style and practice. I intend to give them an experience they would not be able to get at any other university,” said Fulton, who will continue to design their own label.
Karin Askham, head of collage at the CSVPA, an independent arts school, said that it was important for the school to appoint a practicing fashion designer who can equip students with the skills needed for working in the industry today.
“Holly brings both a global understanding of the industry, with the success of their brand in Asia and the U.S., as well as an incredibly strong U.K. reputation through their significant position in Graduate Fashion Week,” said Askham, adding that the school is placing a lot of focus on offering students an international perspective, as they go on to take jobs in New York, Milan, as well as emerging markets such as Brazil and China.
Fulton took a hiatus from the London Fashion Week calendar earlier this year and returned in September with a presentation that featured both ready-to-wear and made-to-order furniture and interior design objects, with the aim of building a “360 universe” of their label.
FILE- In this Nov. 22, 2016, file photo, a traveler pulls luggage off an escalator at Newark Liberty International Airport in Newark, N.J. If an airline forces a passenger off a flight for lack of space under federal rules the passenger is entitled to cash compensation, not just a voucher, and a seat on a later flight. Bumped passengers whose travel is delayed for at least an hour are entitled to up to $1,350 in compensation, with the amount based on the length of the delay and the one-way price of the ticket. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
FILE- In this Nov. 22, 2016, file photo, a traveler pulls luggage off an escalator at Newark Liberty International Airport in Newark, N.J. If an airline forces a passenger off a flight for lack of space under federal rules the passenger is entitled to cash compensation, not just a voucher, and a seat on a later flight. Bumped passengers whose travel is delayed for at least an hour are entitled to up to $1,350 in compensation, with the amount based on the length of the delay and the one-way price of the ticket. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez, File)
DALLAS (AP) - Allison Preiss became a hero to airline passengers this spring when they scored a $10,000 travel voucher for losing their seat on an oversold flight.
Negotiating skill mixed with a bit of luck helped Preiss land the elusive payoff.
With the peak summer travel season right around the corner, other passengers can learn from Preiss's example if they wind up on an overcrowded flight.
There are two situations that passengers might find themselves in, and their rights - and bargaining power - vary greatly between them.
In the first, an airline forces a passenger off a flight for lack of space - called bumping. Under federal rules, the passenger is entitled to cash compensation, not just a voucher, and a seat on a later flight. Bumped passengers whose travel is delayed for at least an hour are entitled to up to $1,350 in compensation, with the amount based on the length of the delay and the one-way price of the ticket.
"The vast majority of Americans take one airline trip a year, and since vouchers are usually valid for just one year, most people should ask for cash," said George Hobica, a travel expert who founded the airfarewatchdog.com website. But, they added, frequent fliers might want to negotiate to see how high the airline will go with a voucher.
That's what Preiss did back in March. Thanks to a broken seat, United bumped them from a flight from Dulles Airport outside Washington to Austin, Texas. But Preiss had leverage because United couldn't find anyone willing to give up their seat. They calculated that they were entitled to about $650 in cash based on the price of their ticket, and they turned down a $2,000 voucher. Then a second United employee said they could offer a voucher up to $10,000 plus a seat on a later flight, and Preiss took it.
The second situation occurs when the airline hasn't yet kicked anyone off an overbooked flight but instead looks for people to take a later flight in exchange for compensation - usually a voucher; the airline is not legally required to pay cash to volunteers.
When airlines know a flight is overbooked, they will make lowball offers to customers at ticket counters, kiosks and gate areas. They will raise the amount of the vouchers until they find a taker, pitting passengers against each other in a kind of reverse auction.
"My advice would be to start high," said Brian Kelly, CEO of travel website The Points Guy. "If you're going to be displaced for several hours, don't take the quick and easy $200 (voucher)."
Kelly said a $400 voucher for getting off a domestic flight or $800 for an international one would be "a solid starting point."
Travel experts suspect that airlines prefer vouchers partly because a high percentage of them never get used. The airlines do not disclose redemption rates.
Airlines have gotten very good at buying off passengers on overbooked flights. Last year, about 23,000 passengers were forcibly bumped - the lowest rate since the federal government started keeping track in 1995 - while nearly 342,000 people took an airline's offer and gave up their seat.
You might wonder how airlines ever come up short on seats.
Airlines can legally oversell flights - although some, like JetBlue, say they don't - on the assumption that some people won't show up. Overbooking can also occur when bad weather or a mechanical breakdown causes flights to be canceled, forcing the airline to scramble to accommodate stranded passengers.
Sometimes airlines switch a flight to a smaller plane with fewer seats. Occasionally, they need to make room for an air marshal or employees. And airlines may cancel flights or limit seating on smaller planes in hot weather because the thinner air makes it harder to generate enough lift for takeoff.
If you take a voucher for getting off a flight, there are some rules you should know. For instance, most airlines won't replace lost vouchers, and they can't be sold, although Delta allows them to be transferred to someone flying on the same reservation as the person who got the voucher.
On Southwest, vouchers can only be applied to airfare while American also lets them cover taxes and fees and Delta vouchers can be applied to government taxes. But you can't use vouchers to purchase extra legroom or an in-flight meal.
If your airline looks for volunteers to get off an overcrowded flight, experts offer this advice before accepting a voucher:
- Insist on a confirmed seat, not standby, on the next available flight in addition to the voucher for future travel.
- If you will be stuck for an extended time, ask for meal or hotel vouchers too.
- Ask when the travel voucher expires - typically they are good for one year - and whether it can be combined with other discounts.
- Find out if the voucher can be used on other airlines; American and Delta vouchers can be used on some partner airlines, United and Southwest certificates cannot.
Kelly, the travel-points expert, advises that no matter what, "don't get stressed."
"Look at it as an opportunity for a nice little payday."
___
Major airline guidelines on vouchers:
American: https://evouchers.aa.com/terms.jsp
Delta: https://bit.ly/2LwsD4U
United: https://bit.ly/2m5Na4d
Southwest: https://swa.is/2sdVAcU
U.S. Department of Transportation: https://www.transportation.gov/airconsumer/fly-rights#Overbooking
___
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
Administrator West Iqtedar Ahmed has directed that the modern vehicles and machinery equipped with automatic mechanism, being used for ongoing cleaning work, should only be operated and handled carefully in accordance with the defined procedures.
The irresponsible and negligent staffers would face strict action in this regard, they observed. They said this while reviewing the repair work of machinery and vehicles in Orangi and Site Zone here, said a statement on Monday.
They also directed to perform spray of anti-insecticides, just after cleaning work and shifting of nullahs to the landfill sites.
The World Bank says it projects the percentage of people living below the international poverty line of $1.90 to marginally decline by 0.4 percentage points in 2017.
In its 6th Malawi Economic Monitor, the bank says the percentage will fall from 69.6 percent in 2016 to 69.2 percent in 2017.
The development comes at a time official poverty rates for 2016/17, based on the national poverty line, are being prepared by the National Statistical Office using the Fourth Integrated Household Survey (IHS 4).
The bank has attributed the marginal drop in poverty levels to increased rainfall in the last cropping season, which resulted in higher levels of agricultural output than in the previous two years.
Malawi is a predominantly agricultural country, with a large portion of its population engaged in subsistence agriculture in rural areas.
Thus, the performance of rain-fed agriculture has significant ramifications for poverty reduction.
“Meaningful poverty reduction will be driven by growth in the sectors in which the vast majority of the poor derive their livelihoods, particularly agriculture.
However, the agricultural sector is highly prone to price and weather shocks, with agricultural productivity having remained stagnant over the past decade.
“Thus, the transformation of the agricultural sector remains a critical development priority, as do measures to promote private sector growth and job creation.
“A key element of agricultural transformation is land reform, which can boost both inclusion and agricultural productivity,” says the bank.
It says measures to promote productive employment and self-employment in the non-agricultural sectors would complement these efforts, serving as a cushion to protect the poor from shocks that impact agricultural incomes.
“In order to achieve higher levels of poverty reduction, it is necessary to understand and address the constraints on the formation and growth of non-farm enterprises, and medium and large enterprises,” reads the economic monitor.
Analysts have argued that Malawi needs an economic growth rate of at least six percent per annum to reduce poverty.
In their inaugural speech in 2014, President Peter Mutharika promised to grow the economy by 7.5 percent between 2014 and 2019.
However, growth has remained subdued in the past three years, raising fears Malawi may not achieve Mutharika's ambitious growth targets.
Source link
HOCKEY Australia has announced that Lismore and Ballina will host the 2018 Men's Masters Australian Championships in September and October.
Lismore MP Thomas George, Lismore Mayor Isaac Smith, Far North Coast Hockey president Clint Mallett and Hockey Australia general manager Ben Hartung made the announcement in Lismore this afternoon.
The event was secured for the region by the State Government as part of their partnership between Destination NSW and Hockey Australia.
The Men's Masters, which will take place from September 21 to October 6, has been held annually since 1980.
Next year's event will be the fifth time it has been hosted in NSW and first time since 2013.
Mr Hartung said: "Hockey Australia, in partnership with Destination NSW and supported by Far North Coast Hockey Incorporated, Lismore City Council and Ballina Shire Council, is thrilled to announce that the 2018 Men's Masters Australian Championships will be jointly hosted in Lismore and Ballina.
"The Men's Masters Australian Championships is Hockey Australia's largest participation event with 85 teams comprising of over 1800 participants from across the country playing in excess of 300 games of hockey in 16 exciting days of competition.
"Our masters hockey community is thriving with the age divisions for the Championship ranging from Over 35 to Over 75, with all participants enjoying the positive physical, social and mental health benefits of being actively involved in sport."
Mr George said the event would provide a significant boost to local businesses, accommodation providers and tourism operators.
"Lismore will be buzzing with visitors next September, with more than 1800 participants including players, coaches, umpires and officials set to travel to the region for the Championships," they said.
"In addition, there will be hundreds of supporters that accompany the 85 teams that will compete across 16 days of action.
"Lismore is a passionate sporting community, as we saw earlier this year when the Barbarians and Classic Wallabies played at Crozier Park and I know the community will get right behind this event.
"I encourage everyone who comes from outside the region to plan their trip in advance to ensure they have time to experience everything Lismore has to offer, from the many beautiful walks and national parks, pristine beaches that are just a short drive away, cafes and restaurants and world-class hospitality."
Australian Masters Hockey National Coordinator Peter Sweeney said: "On behalf of Australian Masters Hockey, I welcome the announcement of Lismore and Ballina as the joint hosts of the 2018 Men's Masters Australian Championships.
"All participants will be eagerly looking forward to visiting these locations in northern NSW for the first time.
"I take this opportunity to thank the State Member for Lismore, Mr Thomas George MP, the Lismore and Ballina City Councils and Far North Coast Hockey Incorporated for their support of this major event."
The matches will be split across the two towns.
Lismore has two pitches and will host approximately 200 matches, while Ballina will host approximately 100 matches.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Over the last five years, I have tested over 400 sex toys - that's a lot of orgasms!
Although the objective of reaching climax is always the same, the technology to provoke an orgasm is constantly evolving.
For example, batteries have almost become a thing of the past as these days, most sex toys are rechargeable.
They are also made from soft, body-safe materials and packaged in elegant boxes. Their features are also becoming increasingly sophisticated.
There are even app-controlled toys that can be controlled by a partner on the other side of the world.
I've also tested hands-free toys and even clitoral suction devices, which are gaining popularity lately, such as Sona from Lelo.
Myth of the 'veiny phallus'
(Image: Venus O'Hara)
In fact, in my entire collection, there is not one single realistic veiny phallus. It seems that the less realistic the toy, the better.
Whereas in the sex doll world, the tendency is to create an unattainable representation of idealised female beauty.
A sex doll isn't just another sex toy; it's more like a human replacement.
When the big day of the filming came, the BBC crew arrived at my flat with ‘Steven', the sex doll I was going to test.
I couldn't believe it when I saw the size of the box. It was like a cardboard coffin.
"I had to assemble Steven the sex doll"
(Image: Venus O'Hara)
Not only was it incredibly heavy, it was also very difficult to move. Needless to say, it was the weirdest unboxing ever.
Especially when I discovered that I had to assemble him.
I had to screw their effeminate head onto the neck their masculine torso, which sported a very impressive six-pack. Then I lifted them out of the box, with some help.
Upon further inspection, I discovered that Steven had a kissable mouth that was also suitable for penetration.
I couldn't resist spanking their disturbingly pert rump a couple of times. I couldn't believe it when the slapping sound was so similar that of a human spanking sound.
After a few strikes, my arm got tired, so I lay them face up so as not to be distracted by their tempting derriere.
"The huge phallus was far too big"
Interestingly, there was a hole where their manhood was supposed to be, allowing for interchangeable dildos. One size does not fit all and the huge phallus that they came packaged with was far too big for me.
Once Steven was in position on my sofa, the crew left so that we could get down to business.
(Image: Venus O'Hara)
The first thing I did was rip their plastic penis off and replace it with a much smaller, curved dildo from my own collection.
This was much more manageable. I rolled a condom on it and then I straddled him.
As I bounced up and down their length, I looked down at my silicone lover. They stared blankly at the ceiling, totally devoid of any expression whatsoever. It was like having sex with someone who's just not into you.
I couldn't help but think how strange this all was. I was doing this to get on TV, I had to remind myself.
However, not even the prospect of my fifteen minutes of fame was enough to get me off. I needed a powerful clitoral stimulator. So I got off them and grabbed one of my most trusted sex toys. Then I straddled them again, but this time I stimulated my clitoris as I rode him.
A creepy encounter
I closed my eyes and accessed my personal mental repertoire of very human fantasies and was able to reach climax in no time.
My orgasmic relief was doubly satisfying because I was glad that my creepiest sex toy test ever was finally over.
Shortly afterwards, the crew returned and I gave my post-test interview.
We repackaged Steven and left them there in the middle of my lounge floor. I was expecting to get rid of them the following day.
Unfortunately, finding a logistics company that was prepared to collect such a big package from my penthouse apartment, with no lift, proved to be a challenge.
Finally, I found one and the poor guy who had to haul it down the stairwell almost refused to collect Steven. ‘I'll complain to your manager', I threatened.
Instead of arguing, they proceeded to drag the heavy box from my lounge. Even after a couple of steps, they were struggling. ‘What on earth is inside this box?' They asked, frowning with curiosity.
(Image: Venus O'Hara)
‘Exercise equipment,' I lied, and then thanked them before the closing the door. I did feel bad, briefly, but I was so relieved to see the back of Steven.
No match for the best sellers
A male sex doll could never be as popular as the rabbit vibrator, which is still the best selling female sex toy in the world. Besides, most women need clitoral stimulation to reach orgasm and love dolls like Steven cannot provide it at present.
I don't think sex dolls will be replacing real men any time soon either. Nothing can compare to the sensations inherent to organic, consensual, human sexual encounters where there is a genuine, mutual desire.
Despite this, sex dolls could definitely be improved upon. For example, the inclusion of a range of voice-controlled features could have much more market potential.
It would amaze if a future ‘Steven' was equipped with cunnilinguistic capabilities, a skillful thrusting pelvis with several speed options, and caressing hands.
If they ever make a male sex doll like that, let me know because I'd definitely be up for trying it. But just out of curiosity, of course.
In the end, I didn't even get my full fifteen minutes of fame. It was closer to five. Oh well.
Watch Sex Robots and Us presented by James Young on BBC Three here .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kidnap case model Chloe Ayling was tonight getting away from it all in Switzerland – as one of their alleged abductors prepared to go back to court.
Chloe, 20, flew out from Stansted Airport ahead of Lucasz Herba's trial, which is due to restart in Italy on Wednesday.
More than 50 witnesses will give evidence but Brit Chloe, who says they were drugged and held for six days near Turin last year, will not be called.
A source said: “Chloe went through a terrible ordeal, but she's now doing their best to get on with life.
“She's enjoying the beauty and peace and quiet Switzerland offers.”
(Image: ITV)
Herba claims the kidnap was a publicity stunt.
But two judges have cleared Chloe of any wrongdoing.
Rome, December 11 - Four people were injured, none seriously, in an explosion near the New York Port Authority, the largest bus station in the United States, on Monday. The bomber, who was arrested and is in hospital too, was reportedly wearing an explosive vest. They were said to be a Bangladeshi immigrant and is suspected of being inspired by ISIS. They were named as Akayed Ullah, 27.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Christie Brinkley looked incredible as they supported their daughter – who is half their age – at the launch of Bella Magazine in New York.
The 64-year-old model was dazzling in a white one-shouldered jumpsuit alongside singer Alexa Ray Joel, 32.
Alexa is their daughter with their former husband of nine years, Billy Joel.
Christie, who starred in the video for Joel's song Uptown Girl, was supporting Alexa, who is this month's cover star.
Most people would love to be Just the Way You Are, Christie when they turn 64.
The Scottsdale Charros were honored at the Scottsdale Unified School District last month for their 2017-18 financial contributions to the local education system.
Scottsdale Unified School District Governing Board President Barbara Perleberg read a statement aloud, highlighting a number of areas the Scottsdale Charros have made an impact.
The Charro Foundation works closely with a number of organizations which share our passion to strengthen our communities and build a better future for Scottsdale children.
In attendance at the Governing Board's monthly meeting at Coronado High School were Scottsdale Charros, Executive Director Dennis Robbins, Education Committee Chairman Jason Klonoski, former Education Committee chair Rick Carpinelli, 2018 Banquet Chair Ed Campbell and Charros members at-large including former Board Member George Jackson.
“As this is the final Governing Board meeting of the academic year, we thought it would be fitting to take a moment to publicly recognize an outstanding community organization upon whose support and initiatives the Scottsdale Unified School District relies,” Ms. Perleberg said at the meeting.
“Please welcome the The Scottsdale Charros have been an integral part of the greater Scottsdale community for nearly 60 years. In that time, they have done so much, and the impact of their work is felt far and wide.”
Avenues of support listed by Ms. Perleberg included technology advances in SUSD classrooms, student character-development programs and high school robotics.
“Providing professional development opportunities for teachers and staff, standing behind student career and technical education organizations and providing students of all ages with the chance to enjoy what it's like to stand on a professional baseball field and meet former greats of the game, the Charros are synonymous with Scottsdale and SUSD,” Ms. Perleberg's statement read.
“Through their many and varied grant and scholarship opportunities, we are able to celebrate our dedicated teachers, honor our outstanding students, support the next generation of educators and grow future critical-thinkers, artists, authors, musicians, scientists, entrepreneurs and mindful, lifelong learners.”
The 2017-18 funding initiatives by the Scottsdale Charros totaled $282,000. This includes:
Future Teacher Scholarship recipients
Scottsdale Community College Scholarship
Liaison Funding Program
Outstanding Educator and Student check presentations
Education Grants
Liaison Grants
Project Graduation
Robotics Teams – World Championship Funding
32nd Annual Outstanding Students & Educators Awards Banquet
iTeachAZ
SUSD Showcase Sponsorship
All City Athletics Banquets
Northeast Valley News Services Editor Melissa Fittro can be e-mailed at mfittro@newszap.com or can be followed on Twitter at twitter.com/melissafittro.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Alexis Sanchez and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored their first goals for new clubs Manchester United and Arsenal on Saturday.
Sanchez's score came in the 67th minute for the Red Devils. They went to receive a pass at the top of the box before being fouled by Huddersfield Town defender Michael Hefele.
The former Gunners star lined up for a penalty kick against keeper Jonas Lossl. Sanchez's strike was saved at first, but the ball ricocheted off of Lossl's right arm. The ball bounced right back to Sanchez, who finished it with their left boot at the far post.
Sanchez's goal pushed United ahead for a final 2-0 lead. Romelu Lukaku scored United's first goal in the 55th minute.
"[The penalty-taking decision] was between them and Paul," United manager Jose Mourinho said after the match. "I think Paul was a nice guy to them and understood that it would be important to score, so they let them take the penalty."
"I don't think it was a dream goal for Alexis - I think everybody prefers to score a penalty without a save and the second attempt, but they showed their attention to detail and their desire and, for me, that's fine."
Sanchez joined United on Jan. 22.
Aubameyang, who joined Arsenal on Wednesday, had a prettier finish for their first goal for their new squad.
The striker netted a beautiful finish for the Gunners' fourth score in a 5-1 route of Everton at Emirates Stadium in London.
Arsenal's Aaron Ramsey scored the first goal of the match in the 6th minute. Laurent Koscienly scored the second goal in the 14th minute, before Ramsey made the second of their three goals in the 19th minute.
Nigerian striker Alex Iwobi sent a ball into Armenian midfielder Henrikh Mkhitaryan. Mkhitaryan took a few touches before sending a pretty through-ball, splitting three defenders with a forward pass to Aubameyang. The star transfer chipped a crisp touch toward the far post, beating Everton keeper Jordan Pickford for another Gunners goal.
Dominic Calvert-Lewin scored Everton's only goal in the 64th minute, before Ramsey completed their hat trick in the 74th minute.
"Of course I was really happy," Aubameyang told the Arsenal website. "We won the game in the first half and the second was a bit different. We are all happy today."
"Is there more to come from me? I think so!"
The Gunners face Tottenham at 7:30 a.m. Feb. 10 at Wembley Stadium in another Premier League matchup. Manchester United battles Newcastle at 9:15 a.m. Feb. 11 in a Premier League clash at St. James' Park in Newcastle Upon Tyne, England.
Teleah Maureen Kear has been jailed for committing fraud against their former employer to the tune of more than $90,000.
Teleah Maureen Kear has been jailed for committing fraud against their former employer to the tune of more than $90,000. Contributed
FOUR children will be motherless for nine months after their serial fraudster mum was jailed for stealing more than $90,000 from their employer.
Teleah Maureen Kear, 29, spent four years following their most recent fraud waiting for police to come knocking at their door and had a history of taking money from their employers between 2007 and 2011, a court heard.
In 2009 they faced the Maroochydore Magistrates Court on a range of offences - which included fraud as an employee - and was given a 120 hour community service order.
Just five months after the order expired, they were back at it again while working for bathroom and kitchen renovation company, Mac McConnell in Nerang on the Gold Coast.
Between October 2010 and September 2011, Kear transferred more than $42,000 from company bank accounts into their own.
They also used the company's money to buy a car worth $35,000 which was later repossessed and sold off at a loss of $18,000.
Although the court heard some of the money was used for "necessities", Kear also bought cosmetics, two tablet computers and a gaming console.
The matter was reported to police by Kear's boss in 2011 and a warrant was issued the following year, but police didn't find and arrest them until 2016.
Kear today pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to two counts of fraud of more than $30,000, four counts of fraud and one count of attempted fraud.
The offences were aggravated by the fact Kear committed fraud against their employer.
Kear's mother, Tracy Maureen Denham, and partner were supporting them from the gallery and appeared upset throughout the proceedings.
Ms Denham gave evidence in court that their daughter was told by a lawyer at the time to not hand themselves in, but wait for police to contact them
Judge John Robertson commended Kear's efforts at rehabilitation and told the court they would refer the lawyer they spoke to to the Legal Services Commission for "unprofessional conduct".
While Kear's former fraud charges in 2009 were the result of methamphetamine use, Judge Robertson said the more recent charges showed some "sophistication" and suggested they were "reasonably high functioning" at the time.
Kear was ordered to serve a head sentence of four years in prison.
The term will be suspended, after they serve nine months, for an operational period of four years.
Half of us (48%) confess to believing we are good or very good at DIY despite a third (33%) having admitted that they have suffered a DIY disaster.
A quarter of fearful Brits (27%) revealed that they wouldn't even dream of taking on a large DIY project themselves. However, of those who say they are terrible at DIY, 39% are still giving it a go with one fifth of Handy Andy's (17%) splashing out up to £500 to fix the error of their ways.
Time is money
Overall, 40% of DIY projects were underestimated in terms of cost, and 46% were underestimated in terms of time. Despite this, three quarters of people (76%) believe they saved money doing it themselves. Meanwhile eight out of 10 Brits would happily take on another significant DIY project, while 19% are putting their spanner to bed.
The survey, from money saving experts Voucherbox.co.uk has found that those with experience of kitchen renovations give a different tale as over a third (35%) report it's costing over £4,000. More than 1 in 10 (13%) cost over £10,000 and 6% over £20,000.
Building on a budget
35% of Brits prioritise redecorating and set aside an average £500 for the task while 15% are getting their green fingers at the ready to tackle gardening, with a budget of up to £1,000.
Of those who had recently re-decorated, almost three in ten (28%) stated it cost more than they anticipated, almost the same amount who believe they may have lost money by not hiring a tradesperson (29%). Whilst the majority (48%) took an average of 2 weeks to complete the re-decorating, 36% reported that it took longer than first expected.
Marco Piu, Voucherbox general manager, said: “Spring is a popular time to dust off those tools and start putting planned DIY projects into action. The survey revealed re-decorating is on the agenda for the majority of Brits, which makes it the perfect time to hunt for online deals.
“The survey also revealed several unfortunate incidents which are often the result of inexperience. DIY merchant blogs and social channels provide a great source of expert tips and best practice that will hopefully keep you from making a costly mistake.”
Andrew Adkins on Daysee Doom salutes after winning the Coolmore Classic at Rosehill on Saturday.
Andrew Adkins on Daysee Doom salutes after winning the Coolmore Classic at Rosehill on Saturday. Picture: Mark Evans/Getty Images
Retired Perth couple and hobby breeders Jack and Anthea Griffin have been pretty lucky in racing.
They have bred and sold several Group 1 winners, despite having only one or two broodmares at a time.
And on Saturday they achieved another big feat when their home-bred mare Daysee Doom won the Group 1 Coolmore Classic (1500m) at Rosehill.
Jack Griffin, a former business person in the banking and mining industries, and their wife weren't at Rosehill for one of their biggest successes in racing.
In fact, they have seen them in the flesh only once.
“We bred her, but we've only clapped eyes on their once, when they won the Golden Pendant last September,” Jack Griffin said.
“She's the first Group 1 winner we've owned. I used to breed and sell a few, but I'm retired so Daysee Doom is the only one I have.”
The Griffins raced Daysee Doom's dam See A Victory in Perth, with the pint-sized mare winning three of their 29 starts.
“She was pretty good, but was very small,” Jack Griffin said.
“Daysee Doom was their first foal, but their second was born dead and then we had to put the mare down. Daysee Doom is certainly making up for it.”
Sent out a $21 chance on Saturday, Daysee Doom crossed from barrier 14 to sit outside of the lead and fought on strongly to win by a short neck.
It was the five-year-old's ninth win from 19 starts for trainer Ron Quinton.
“She could go to the Doncaster now, but we'll talk to Ron and see what they want to do,” Griffin said.
Daysee Doom capped a stellar 24 hours for WA breeders and owners interstate. Whispering Brook, Quilista and the WA-bred and sold Raido also won.
Royal Australian Navy officers have seized 414 kilograms of heroin in the Western Indian Ocean.
Royal Australian Navy officers have seized 414 kilograms of heroin in the Western Indian Ocean.
Australian naval officers deployed to the Middle East have seized 414 kilograms of heroin and dumped the drugs at sea.
Crew members aboard a Seahawk chopper found the drugs after intercepting a smuggling vessel in the Western Indian Ocean.
The HMAS Warramunga has seized and disposed 11.5 tonnes of hashish and 1.5 tonnes of heroin from seven vessels since deploying to the Middle East in November.
"As a result of this latest seizure, Warramunga has now taken more than $1 billion of narcotics out of circulation," Commander Dugald Clelland said on Saturday.
"Meaning the funds raised from this sale are no longer available for use by terrorist organisations around the world."
Today we met Nadun Maliduwa, Adelaide Strikers Community Rookie for BBL|06. They spoke about the duties and responsibilities of their new role.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Howard Webb believes Lee Mason was right to show Manchester City's Fernandinho a red card for their two-footed lunge on Burnley's Johann Berg Gudmundsson.
The former Premier League referee was talking on BT Sport, and in the above video explains in detail exactly why the Brazilian deserved to be sent off.
Fernandinho was shown their third red card in their last six appearances for Manchester City as they beat Burnley 2-1 at the Etihad.
They were dismissed towards the end of the first half for a two-footed challenge, and the Citizens had to win the match with 10-men after the break.
(Photo: BT Sport)
In the above clip, Webb starts by suggesting Mason made a mistake disallowing Zlatan Ibrahimovic's goal for Manchester United against Middlesbrough on New Year's Eve.
But quickly adds that they are "good at recognising serious foul play" and redeemed themselves with the decision on Monday.
They say: "Both the feet come in, like a scissor movement, and you can never win the ball fairly like that.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: PA)
"In the end both feet come down with studs towards the opponent and they just gets everything.
"And there's force, speed and intensity. You talk about ticking boxes for serious foul play, and it ticks enough boxes. I think it's a red card".
* BT Sport is your home of unmissable live football from the Premier League, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League and FA Cup. Visit btsport.com for more info.
.
By Jason Christley, NASCAR
August 12, 2017 – 11:49pm
MONROE, Wash. — Chris Eggleston's championship charge is underway.
The 28-year-old from Erie, Colorado, dominated Saturday evening's NAPA Auto Parts 150 presented by Toyota at Evergreen Speedway for their — Read More:fourth win of the season
Ten wedding photos that will make you believe in true love
Ten wedding photos that will make you believe in true love
A bride and friend prepare for the big day.
Last Christmas, photographer Scarlet O'Neill was editing some of the thousands of photos she's taken at more than 500 weddings over the past 14 years. In the process, they got the idea to arrange an exhibition of candid moments that they and other wedding photographers had captured. The result is Love (Actually), on now until February 26 at the Gladstone Hotel, which features more than 30 heartwarming wedding-day photos. “The subtitle of the show is, ‘real men do cry,'” O'Neill says. “On the opening day last Thursday, my friend overheard a pretty built guy say, ‘This is actually really dope.' People often think wedding photography is cheesy, lame or sappy. They don't understand how much work goes into it.” We asked each photographer to share the stories behind their photos.
Peter and Steve
July 2016 • Royal Conservatory of Music
Frances Beatty: “Steve and Peter met while studying at the University of Toronto. On the morning of their wedding, they took an hour to get ready together at the Intercontinental across the street. Just before heading for portraits, they exchanged gifts in the Koerner Hall lobby. Steve grabbed Peter's hand and surprised them with a framed New Yorker–style illustration of the two of them in tuxes, holding hands—it was almost identical to the moment they exchanged vows—and a pair of retro black metal sunglasses that Peter had wanted. When Peter read Steve's card, they started crying. It's one thing to say your vows in front of loved ones, but when you write down how you feel, you can usually express yourself in a much more open and vulnerable way. I think of the cards and letters that couples share before their wedding as the deeper vows—the ones you only want to share with the love of your life. In this moment, the entire world melts away and nothing exists but the two of them.”
Will and Jenny
September 2016 • Church of the Redeemer
Sara Wilde: “I've shot nearly 100 weddings, but this was my first wedding parade. Will and Jenny's wedding at the Church of the Redeemer was hipster-rustic, with a New Orleans theme: think lawn games, bunting flags, long tables and a buffet with corn on the cob. There's a Louisiana tradition where a bride and a groom lead a parade from the ceremony to the reception with a band. So they did just that with 90-plus guests, one of whom was wearing a washboard. It took us about 45 minutes to get from the church to the Ward's Island Association Clubhouse. We took the subway some of the way—from Museum to Union—and this photo was shot on York Street. We had a lot of people honking at us, staring and taking videos of us. This photo screams joy to me—and I love the subtle playfulness of the groom as they stick out their tongue!”
Kris and Emilie
September 2016 • Sandbanks Provincial Park
Tami Klein: “I arrived at a heritage home in Sandbanks Provincial Park about 20 minutes before the ceremony to spend time with Kris, the groom. They were getting ready in one of the guest bedrooms upstairs. When our shoot started, they got so emotional thinking about how excited they were that they started crying. They said, ‘I'm an actor, I should be able to control this.' I was crying, too. I left the room for a few minutes to give them some space. I love this photo because it was so real and raw.”
Jennifer and Mark
December 2016 • Park Hyatt
Erika Hammer: “On the morning of Jennifer and Mark's wedding, the four groomsmen got ready in Mark's parents' room in the Park Hyatt. They were sharing stories, drinking beers and reminiscing about when they got married. The ring bearer—a three-year-old boy named Alexander—was there hanging out with their dad, who had known the groom since Grade 9. Rarely do we see a child who is calm amongst the hustle and bustle of a wedding morning; they're usually running around and exploring. This little guy was just doing their own thing. It was amazing.”
May 2016 • St. Lawrence Market
Kimon Kaketsis: “When I came into this couple's room at the Shangri-La Hotel, they had just finished breakfast. Then they got ready together, putting on each article of clothing at the same time, adjusting each other's collars and helping with buttons. It culminated with them sitting side-by-side to put on their shoes. Here, one of them, wearing Louboutins, was helping their partner get into their pair of Jimmy Choos. It was truly a gesture of love. They laughed at me because I immediately lay on the ground to get this perspective. I've shot 200-plus weddings, but I would say only five of them got ready together. The experience is really intimate.”
Sean and Aaron
October 2016 • Roseville Estate, Cambridge
Laura May: “Before Sean and Aaron's wedding, they had breakfast—bacon and eggs with mimosas—with family and friends at Roseville Estate in Sean's hometown of Cambridge. Afterwards, they cuddled in bed and had giggle fits, jumping on the mattress for about 10 minutes. It was awesome. Since they had already spent the morning together, I suggested they get ready back to back. After they did, they counted down ‘three, two, one,' before turning around to face each other. That's when I shot this photo. Sean was clearly ecstatic about seeing their husband-to-be. Aaron responded with a cute chuckle. This moment was real and fleeting, impossible to repose and recreate. After they finished tying each other's shoes, they commented on their respective sock choices—Sean's were blue and white striped, Aaron's had rainbow stripes—and popped a bottle of Kew Vineyards champagne.”
Brittany and their father
August 2015 • Miller Lash House
Wedding planner Alexandra McNamara (photograph by TJ Tindale): “Brittany's father was in the room while they were getting ready at their home in Lawrence Park.  They are the most lovely man. I could tell that their family means everything to him. This photo captures a once-in-a-lifetime emotional moment between father and daughter. It hits people right in the gut—in a good way.”
Megan and Caiti
September 2015 • Cooper's Hawk Winery
Tara Lilly: “On their first date in 2014, Caiti was two hours late, so they missed the reservation that Megan had made a week before. They ended up going to Jack Astor's, where Megan drank a Caesar in record time and some biker guys kept trying to buy Caiti drinks. When they got married in September 2015, Caiti and Megan got ready separately, but they decided to share a first look before the ceremony at Cooper's Hawk Winery. This photo was taken away from the rest of the wedding party and guests, so they could have a moment alone. I stood back and waited until they didn't even notice we were there. ”
Jenny and Will
August 2016 • Chesterman Beach, Tofino
Liat Aharoni: “Sarah and Neumann got married on a beach in Tofino, B.C. It was an unplugged ceremony: guests couldn't have cell phones or cameras. The groom wore Darth Vader cufflinks, and, at the reception at Tin Wis Resort, each table was named after a different planet from Star Wars, and the bridal party had lightsabers. We snuck away to take sunset photos for 10 minutes, while their guests danced, schmoozed and played Street Fighter II, a game Neumann loves, which was projected on screens. At one point, the couple taught their moms how to play. The next day, they had a bonfire on the beach.”
Brad and Maeg
June 2016 • Navy Hall, Niagara-on-the-Lake
Maison Blanche: “I've shot about 30 weddings and seen all sorts of vehicles—standard stretched limos, chartered tour buses, party buses, gangs of motorcycles, old Bentleys and Rolls Royces, even taxis. But none of those weddings had a sweet vintage drop-top Volkswagen Westfalia like the one that Maeg and Brad rented. Here, they are on the way to their ceremony. Five minutes in, Greg, the hired driver for the day, opened the rooftop and cranked up the stereo. We were driving around these small-town streets full of tourists, blaring DJ Snake's “Turn Down for What.” Maeg was rapping to it when I took this photo.I think they were both just so excited that this day was finally happening. Inside the Navy Hall, they had a circle ceremony, where their 115 guests surrounded them with candles while they said their vows. It was so casual and warm. They also had a southern BBQ food truck and a late-night ice cream truck.”
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pat Phelan is back and has freed themselves from the chains at the builder's yard.
With the murderer now on the loose, it is up to Phelan to get the revenge they have waited for and their first port of call is one everyone would expect - their estranged wife Eileen.
Eileen and Pat had a shock confrontation on a boat off the coast of Ireland some time ago, and when Pat lunged to kill them Eileen stepped to one side and crushed their hand, meaning they could not hold onto the side of the boat to survive.
But the villainous cockroach lived and bandaged themselves up at a nearby B&B, only to be discovered weeks later by Gary Windass as the murderer lived in a caravan park in North Wales.
(Image: ITV)
Gary couldn't leave it like this and fought them in the caravan, before overpowering them and transporting them back to Weatherfield in their van.
The ex-army man tied Phelan up in the storeroom at the yard and left them there, only until Phelan found someone who was willing to help them out of theirs bonds.
Phelan manipulated little Jack Webster into helping them before they grabbed Gary and Sarah Platt and tied them both up in the yard, so they could head off onto their villainous rampage.
Their first stop is No.11, where their daughter, Nicola Rubinstein, is staying with Eileen after giving birth to their baby son, Isaac.
(Image: ITV)
Phelan pretended to be a supportive mother on an online forum so they could chat to Nicola, so they are clearly back to meet their grandson for the first time.
But Seb Franklin is also in the house and tries to stop them from getting close to the boy, and the foursome end up in a dangerous scuffle at the house.
Spoilers have shown that Pat will end up terrorising Michelle Connor at their wedding, but before then a gunshot will go off at No.11.
But who will be their next victim?
Coronation Street continues tonight at 9pm on ITV.
Khalid just announced their 2018 Roxy tour, and your friends here at LIVE 101.5 want to hook you up with tickets to the show!
How to Win
Tune in to LIVE 101.5 this Monday through Friday!
Listen to the Castles Show this Monday through Friday!
When you hear the cue, call 602-260-1015
Be the selected caller for your chance to win tickets!
Date: May 11, 2018
Venue: Rawhide Events Center
Address: 5700 W North Loop Rd, Chandler, AZ 85226
For more information, click here!
The Centre for IT and Society hosted the Workshop recently on “Computational Methods in Social Sciences” at the Social Sciences and Humanities Department, IIIT Delhi. The University of Chicago, Delhi Centre and Microsoft Research, India supported the 2-day event.
This was a first-of-its-kind workshop in India that witnessed the participation of well-reputed international academics from premier institutes such as the University of Chicago, King's College, London and Imperial College, London, amongst others. The primary focus of this workshop was to explore how advances in computational and statistical methods along with increased access to extensive data are transforming research avenues in the fields of Economics, Sociology, Anthropology, Political Science, and Psychology. The eventcovered research topics like Algorithmic Game Theory, Computing in Social Contexts, Applied Game Design and Social Dynamics, and Big-Data Methods for Public Policy Research.
The Director, IIIT-Delhi, Professor Pankaj Jalote, inaugurated the workshop and addressed the audience about the ubiquitous role of computing in the daily lives of people. Alluding to the advancements in technology and its influence on society, they elaborated on the philosophy behind the B.Tech CS+X programs initiatedat IIIT-Delhi, to address the synergies of computer science with various other disciplines and fields like social sciences and design.
James Evans, Professor of Sociology and the Director of the Knowledge Lab at the University of Chicago delivered the keynote lecture. They spoke of several pertinent themes, which included big data research methods, the need to combine fieldwork and learnings from social sciences with computational science methods. Panel discussions were held on the role of computational methods in social sciences and the scope foradvancing Computational Social Sciences as an educational discipline and program in India were discussed at length.
Researchers at the workshop included ProfessorsPatrick Jagoda and Kristen Schilt from the University of Chicago; Siddharth Gupta and SagarVerma from Granular co., USA; Dr. RazvanNicolescu, Imperial College London; Dr. Raphael Susewind, King's College London; Dr. ShriramVenkatraman, Dr. Manohar Kumar, Dr. Rakesh Chaturvedi, Dr. GauravArora, Dr. RatanSuri,Dr. Aasim Khan, Saif Ali from the Social Sciences and Humanities Department, IIIT-Delhi, andDr. Debasis Mishra from Indian Statistical Institute Delhi.
The 2018 workshop at IIIT-Delhi was a step towards defining the Center's effort to foster collaborations and explore research possibilities in the domain of computational social sciences, especially in the Indian context. This step will hopefully lead to newer collaborations and developments in the emerging field of computational social sciences.
Not many people get applause just for showing up to work, but for Andy Karl the audience response was thunderous when the star of the new musical “Groundhog Day” — who's been out of the show since injuring their knee mid-performance Friday — stepped back onstage Monday for opening night.
The culprit — a torn ACL, “just one of those crazy flukes that can happen . . . [in] a physically demanding show,” they explained on Instagram Monday, adding “ ‘The show must go on.' ”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
And it did, with Karl, 43, who earlier this month won an Olivier Award (England's Tony) for this role, wearing a black knee brace and looking pain-free — till about 20 minutes in, when they started limping and favoring their left knee slightly.
“Oh my God,” they mouthed to the crowd at their curtain call, all smiles.
Karl was required to perform opening night to be eligible for a Tony nomination, and must continue performing if voters are to see him.
The musical—with score by “Matilda” composer Tim Minchin, book by Danny Rubin—is based on the 1993 Bill Murray film about a sarcastic weather forecaster reliving one day over and over . . . until they get it right. It's a premise Karl, who says he'll recover with rest and physical therapy, probably understands now more than ever.
1:25 Steve Clifford breaks down Hornets' loss to Clippers Pause
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015
1:23 A look inside Chad Holbrook's old lake front house
1:28 Richland deputies aim to mend relationships
1:41 SC pension overhaul makes progress as bill moves forward
4:07 Gamecocks react after loss to UConn
0:54 South Carolina baseball preview: 3 storylines for 2017
1:23 Gamecock baseball coach Chad Holbrook sold their house, here's what it looks like
2:09 Your rights when confronted by immigration enforcement officials
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
WATERFORD, Conn. (WTNH) – Police in Waterford are investigating a string of car burglaries in the area of New Shore Road and Nichols Lane.
According to police, the incident happened in the overnight hours between Monday and Tuesday.
The cars were all unlocked and one of the items stolen was a golf bag containing multiple clubs.
Police want to remind you to always lock your car.
If you have any information regarding the car burglaries, you are asked to contact Officer Eric Fredricks at (860) 442-9451 and reference case #2017-01231.
ADVERTISEMENT
As the Trump administration somersaults from scandal to screw-up to snafu, a subgenre of political reporting has emerged in which journalists from those coastal elite news organizations head back to the heartland to check in with Trump's voters. There they inevitably find that the people who a few months ago had Trump signs on their lawns and "Make America Great Again" hats on their heads are — you'll never believe this — still supportive of Trump.
Here's a recent example from Politico, in which a reporter heads to Terre Haute, Indiana, to find that "folks are still buzzing" about Trump's win. "And the grist of the coastal media's hot takes? The lies, the fumbles, and faux pas that have rattled the D.C. establishment and global allies? None of it seems to resonate here." No sir, Trump fans are hanging with him. Which tells us...what, exactly? That voters don't turn on a candidate they supported the moment they run into trouble? Stop the presses.
It all has the feel of an act of penance, as news organizations try to make up for what they supposedly "missed" during the campaign, the anger and resentment that drove Trump's victory. But here's the thing: The media didn't actually miss much. We absolutely got where their support was coming from. We wrote hundreds and hundreds of stories about it. We certainly didn't predict that he'd assemble the perfect combination of votes in the Midwest to reach an Electoral College victory while losing the popular vote — but almost everyone got that wrong. Even Trump themselves seemed shocked by their win.
But didn't we misunderstand the beating heart of Trump's coalition, the white working-class voters who felt left behind by a changing culture and a changing economy? Give me a break. Forget Soccer Moms and NASCAR Dads — there has never been a demographic group more poked, prodded, profiled, investigated, and listened to than those white working-class voters. For months you couldn't pick up a newspaper or turn on a cable news channel without hearing all about them.
Yet news organizations continue to be gripped by the feeling that they have something to make up for when it comes to these voters. Conservative accusations that the news media has a liberal bias may be overblown, but this is one thing liberals and journalists share: the belief that they're out of touch with "real" America. So even after innumerable stories about Trump voters, journalists still feel like there's more wisdom to be gleaned by heading somewhere in the Rust Belt or the South or anywhere else where Trump did well, and talking to some white people about why they still love Trump.
Likewise, Democrats are asking themselves how they can more effectively "reach out" to the voters who rejected them. It's an old Democratic disease, the desire to be loved by the voters who hate you the most. We heard it after John Kerry lost, and after Al Gore lost, and after Michael Dukakis lost. Every time Democrats lose, some in their party say it was because they were "out of touch" with whites in the South and Midwest.
But they don't need to "reach out" to them by changing the actual things Democrats advocate, because if you're a working-class person, there's only one party looking out for your interests. It's the one that advocates a higher minimum wage, and stronger worker protections, and greater access to health coverage, and more spending on public schools, and affordable college. The fact that a substantial portion of the electorate doesn't grasp that, or decides other things are more important, leads some to believe that if Democrats were only better at showmanship in the heartland — a few more hunting trips and appearances at stock car races, say — then the problem would be solved. And yet somehow, the most electorally successful Democrat of the last half-century was a black guy from Chicago with the middle name "Hussein."
Now don't get me wrong: There's nothing wrong with politicians reaching out to anyone and everyone, and journalists should certainly pay attention to the minority of Americans who voted for Trump. But if they really want to understand them, they should report on how those voters and their communities are actually being affected by the Trump administration's policies. See if they're getting scammed by credit card companies more when the Republicans eliminate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Document what happens to their health care and their finances when the Affordable Care Act gets repealed. Check to see if Trump succeeds in bringing back all those coal mining jobs they promised.
One thing we don't need, however, is more specialized, value-free "empathy." Trump's voters deserve understanding and consideration — but not more than any other Americans.
WASHINGTON (ABC) — President Donald Trump condemned hate groups including white supremacists in remarks from the White House Monday, after receiving criticism for their initial statement on the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
“Racism is evil,” said Trump, two days after a car drove into a crowd of people in the midst of violent clashes over a white nationalist rally. “And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
Related Content: Peaceful rallies to protest hate continue in Connecticut following Charlottesville
Trump's immediate response to the violence, which did not label the incident as an act of terrorism, nor include a denunciation of white supremacy, was met with bipartisan backlash. During remarks addressing the rally and subsequent clashes from their golf club in New Jersey, the president condemned the “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.”
Related Content: New Haven unity rally in response to Charlottesville
A White House official later elaborated on Trump's comments, indicating that the president was opposed to the “hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides” and noting that “there was violence between protesters and counter-protesters.”
Related Content: Several vigils take place in Connecticut after violent rally
Trump's address Monday came after a meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray. They noted that, on Saturday, the Department of Justice opened a federal civil rights investigation into the incident involving the car, and addressed those who contributed to the violence in the Virginia city.
Related Content: Rally held in Oregon to speak out against white supremacy
“To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable,” said Trump. “Justice will be delivered.”
Related Content: Man charged with murder for allegedly plowing into crowd in Charlottesville following white nationalist rally
On Monday morning, Attorney General Jeff Sessions defended Trump's initial response, telling ABC News that “he explicitly condemned the kind of ideology behind these movements of Naziism, white supremacy, the KKK.”
Related Content: Hundreds protest proposed removal of Confederate monument in Texas
“That is their unequivocal position,” said Sessions.
Related Content: Scaramucci: Bannon's ‘toleration' of white nationalism is ‘inexcusable'
The attorney general further said Monday that the attack met “the definition of domestic terrorism.”
The president did not use the term “terrorism” during their speech from the White House Monday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young man has shared their incredible journey to becoming their true self after coming out as transgender just eight months ago.
Aiden Martin always knew they were male, but spent their childhood living as Aimee, scared to tell family and friends they felt they were really a boy.
They had first come out as bisexual in an attempt to stop their uncertainty over their identity.
But the 23-year-old eventually plucked up the courage to tell their mother, and later the rest of their family, that they were in fact transgender.
Now Swansea-based Aiden is living as a man, and can finally feel comfortable in their own skin.
Aiden told Wales Online : “I have always known I have been a boy and that I'm transgender.
“I was born in the wrong body. For as long as I can remember I have been a boy.
(Image: Wales Online WS)
“It was really hard before I came out because I was always feeling confused and a bit strange. It was just making me really depressed and anxious.
“I thought that coming out as a lesbian or as bisexual would stop me feeling transgender but it didn't.
“It was really tricky and hard because I felt like I had to be a girl.”
Transgender is an umbrella term for people whose gender identity is different to the sex they were assigned at birth.
(Image: Wales Online WS)
After initially coming out eight months ago to their mum Claire, Aiden said they then hid it again and continued to have boyfriends.
Aiden said: “I just thought maybe if I said I was bisexual again that I wouldn't be transgender but it's not something I choose, it's something I've been for years since I was born.
“Coming out now has been the best feeling. I've had people in my life not accept me and think it's a phase but it's not and I don't expect everyone to understand.”
Despite some negative reaction to coming out, Aiden said the vast majority of their friends and family have been supportive of their decision.
Aiden said: “It took me so long to come out because I just didn't know how to come out to my family.
“Then at first I told my mum who was pretty shocked obviously, and then I told my father who was not too happy about it really.
“When I told people that I knew, some were shocked but then most were excited for me when I explained it all to them.”
Although attitudes towards transgender issues are changing, Aiden said that some people continue to call them Aimee.
For more than 13 years Aiden has dressed in ‘male' clothes and now plans to continue their transition further.
(Image: Wales Online WS)
Aiden said: “I always wanted to dress as a boy and from about the age of 10 I did, which my parents were fine with.”
Aiden's next step after coming out for is to be prescribed testosterone, the primary male hormone, and to then have ‘top surgery' to have their breasts removed.
Aiden said: “It would mean the world to me to start having testosterone. It would be the start of me becoming a man and my body matching up with my mind.”
Figures released by a specialist NHS clinic in May showed that referrals as a result of gender identity issues almost doubled from the previous year.
In 2016 around 2,000 children and young people were referred to the Tavistock Clinic, the only place offering gender identity treatment to young people in England and Wales.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom looked very much like a couple again during a night out in Los Angeles on Sunday which ended with the star getting a ride on the actor's motorbike.
The pair, who split six months ago, were spotted getting very cosy at an Ed Sheeran concert at the Staples Centre before riding off into the night together.
According to sources, the Roar singer and actor were ‘kissing and cuddling'.
(Image: BACKGRID)
(Image: BACKGRID)
(Image: BACKGRID)
A fan at the gig described how the two stars appeared to be reigniting their love affair, telling E! News : "They definitely seemed like they're back together. They cuddled most of the night."
The gig-goer added: "She sat on their lap most of the night and shared kisses. They looked like they were having the time of their lives.
(Image: Getty)
"People didn't really bug them I don't really think people knew it was them because they had hats on and stuff."
Following the show, Katy - who was rocking a short skirt and a satin red bomber jacket - was spotted climbing onto the back of Orlando's motorbike before speeding away.
(Image: Getty)
According to Page Six, they were headed to a birthday party in Malibu where they joined a host of other star guests.
“Katy and Orlando left together a little while later. They live in Malibu so we presumed they were going to their house to be alone,” the source said.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
After meeting at the Golden Globes last year, the pair became one of the most talked about couples in Hollywood because of their steamy relationship.
Following their split after 10 months, both Orlando and Katy insisted that they're still great friends.
Maybe they're more than just friends now?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pip Hickman knows only too well the horror being suffered by families who lost relatives in the Grenfell Tower blaze .
Their eldest daughter Catherine perished in Britain's previous worst tower block blaze at Lakanal House in Camberwell, South East London, in 2009.
The fashion designer, who had created clothes for Kylie Minogue and Jade Jagger, died in their 11th floor flat in the 14-storey building, which had no sprinkler system.
Helen Udoaka, 34, and their 20-day old baby Michelle, and their neighbour Dayana Francisquini, 26, and their children Thais, six, and Felipe, three, also lost their lives.
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
The inquest into their deaths found that the cladding panels fitted on the outside of the building when it was refurbished two years previously were not fire resistant and may have allowed the blaze to spread in less than five minutes from the flat where the fire started, to the one above - Catherine Hickman's.
Residents didn't know what to do if fire broke out, and Judge Frances Kirkman said landlords should be encouraged to fit sprinkler systems and that the government should publish guidance clarifying when residents should stay put or leave in the event of a fire.
Catherine Hickman's dad, retired farmer Pip, 71, said hearing the news of the Grenfell Tower blaze brought the horrific memories of their daughter's death flooding back – and left them questioning whether any lessons had been learned from the fire that claimed their life.
Speaking from their home in Romsey, Hampshire, they said: “You do hope lessons have been learned but obviously not. When I put the news on and saw what had happened, my first thought, was ‘oh no, not again'.
(Photo: A)
“But if you put plastic cladding on the outside of a building then what do you expect?
“It is just horrendous, I can't bear to think what the death toll will be.”
Catherine, 31, had lived in flat 79, directly above flat 65 where the fire started.
They were on the phone to the fire brigade control for 40 minutes before the operator could no longer hear them breathing.
Catherine's horrified dad Pip watched the news footage of the fire at Grenfell Tower spread up the building, fearing the worst.
They said: “That building had been refurbed, just like Lakanal House where my daughter died. I could see the thick acrid smoke going up the building – that is what kills people.
“In the Lakanal refurb when they changed the windows they should have been fire-proofed, but for some reason the specification was changed and they weren't fire-proof. It was for the same cost so I never understood it.”
The inquest heard the panels around the windows had not been fire-resistant.
Pip added: “When the fire broke out it went straight up the outside of the building to below my daughter's window.
“In any fire the fire doors should do their job and stop the smoke and flames coming through. They didn't in Lakanal and it looks the same with this fire.
“Fires break out in tower blocks all the time, but they should be contained in a concrete pod.
“I don't know what the specifications are of the Grenfell Tower, it is very early days, but it will all come out in the end.
“It is sickening to see that it has happened again, I hoped lessons had been learned after what had happened to my daughter.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Watching the news this morning the fire seems to have gone up the outside of the building. At one point I could see fire at every window, and it is the smoke that is deadly too.”
It was only in February this year that Southwark Council was ordered to pay £570,000 in fines and costs for fire safety failures for the Lakanal House fire after the London Fire Brigade brought a prosecution.
Southwark Council apologised and said they had invested £62m to make homes safer, and urged other landlords to do the same to make sure a tragedy like Lakanal was never repeated.
But that is slim comfort for Pip Hickman and the families desperately waiting for news at Grenfell Tower.
“We know only too well what those people are going through,” they said sadly. “And there is plenty more to come for them as well. You never get over something like this, you just have to learn to live with it.”
Related Coverage Three Connecticut cities named to National Geographic list of the happiest places in U.S.
(WTNH) — Well, it is the first day of spring and it also happens to be International Day of Happiness.
International Day of Happiness is celebrated across the globe every year on March 20.
Related content: Three Connecticut cities named to National Geographic list of the happiest places in U.S.
The day has been celebrated by the United Nations since the year 2013.
One of the things that makes us happy at News 8, is when dogs come to visit our newsroom.
What makes you happy?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After joining an already closely-knit group as a late arrival, Iain Lee didn't have the easiest starts on I'm A Celebrity.
Despite winning the public over and finishing the show in third place, Iain has revealed just how isolating the experience was for him.
Speaking on the Lorraine Kelly show hours after the final, Iain said: "It was so hard because they all knew each other.
"I came in and had to split the group up and I found that really stressful."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
As the first 'Jungle Prime Minister', Iain had been forced to pick half of the camp to join their team while the remaining contestants formed a splinter group.
"Just wandering in and saying I'll have you, you and you... It was difficult being an outsider," Iain told Lorraine.
(Image: ITV)
Viewers even accused Dennis Wise , Jamie Lomas and Amir Khan of bullying Iain after they passed up on a Bushtucker Trial - with ex-footballer Dennis suggesting they didn't take on anymore.
Speaking on their ITV show Lorraine commended Iain for opening up about their mental health troubles.
"I have talked about mental health, depression and suicidal thoughts and I'm glad that came across," said Iain.
"Only by talking about it can we get rid of the stigma and save peoples lives."
They then added: "I don't want people to think I was miserable all the time - the last week was a gas."
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
However Iain said they wouldn't be watching footage of the show back now they were back in the 'real world.'
Although they said they might watch a few of their trials with their boys.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Lorraine asked them what they thought of their other campmates to which Iain replied: "I have no beef with anybody despite what you may read.
" Toff , Shappi and Jennie I got on with so well with," they added.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Lorraine couldn't resist bringing up their part in the infamous 'Strawberry gate' that became one of the highlights of the series.
"In hindsight that whole strawberry thing of course i would do it again" said Iain - who ate a pigs vagina as part of their final trial.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Matt Wells is targeting East Men's League, Premier A survival after Saffron Walden claimed a long-overdue victory over Dereham.
The captain saw their men come from behind to triumph 3-1 and end an eight-match losing streak.
Alex Newitt, Spencer Hill and George Pitfield were all on target for the second-from-bottom hosts, who are now back in touch with the teams above them.
“We were very pleased as it was a long-overdue win, and hard-fought as well,” said Wells.
“There's still a long way to go, but we've got a run of games now where if we can put some results together we should be okay.
“If we don't then we'll leave ourselves with a mountain to climb, but it's good that it's in our hands.
“There was maybe a bit more resolve this week as we knew it was such an important game. We showed a lot of character and really stood up, and I think we were good value for the win.”
Walden now face a home match on Saturday against Chelmsford, who are five points worse off than them at the foot of the table.
“We've got to make sure we don't give them a sniff and really cut them adrift,” added Wells.
There was no joy for Cambridge City II away to title-challenging City of Peterborough, but there were positives to take from the narrow 2-1 defeat.
They took the lead early in the second period through captain Grant Gilmour, before the second-placed side equalised.
City then suffered a blow as influential centre-back Joel Gilmour was taken to hospital after the ball hit them on the forehead, with the hosts going on to claim a winner.
“They were desperate for the win and it was a shame we couldn't hold on,” said Grant Gilmour.
“We were left with the bare 11 and they had a lot more subs so could battle on more. In a way we scored too early as they had time to really click into gear.
“We didn't win, but we've got some momentum now to take into the coming games.”
In Premier B, Cambridge University II secured an impressive 4-2 victory over leaders City of Peterborough II.
Hugh Judge bagged a brace and Will Archibald and Dan Mehlig also got themselves on the score sheet for the Light Blues, who are sitting comfortably in sixth place.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Marvel legend Stan Lee is said to be in a stable condition after reportedly being rushed to hospital on Wednesday evening.
The 95-year-old - who is responsible for the likes of The Hulk, Spider-Man, X-Men and Fantastic Four - is said to have suffered heart trouble, according to TMZ.
The website reports that they were taken to Cedars-Sinai hospital in Los Angeles after suffering shortness of breath and an irregular heartbeat. He's currently still in hospital but in a stable condition.
A spokesperson for Stan said that they "is doing well and feeling good, they are staying there for a few days for some check-ups as a safety precaution."
(Image: Splash)
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: Getty)
They were last pictured in public at the Black Panther premiere in Hollywood on Monday and appeared in good spirits.
Last year they cancelled a number of appearances at Salt Lake City Comic Con and Big Apple Comic Con, which was reportedly due to health issues.
Back in 2015 the comic book pioneer proved their commitment when they appeared at the Ant-Man premiere after being rushed to hospital the day before.
Share. The show premieres on Prime Video next year. The show premieres on Prime Video next year.
Good Omens, the limited-series based on Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett apocalyptic novel, has cast David Tennant and Michael Sheen in lead roles.
Variety reports Tennant, who played the title role in Doctor Who, as well as the villain Kilgrave in Jessica Jones, will star as a demon named Crowley.
David Tennant in Jessica Jones
Crowley will team up with Sheen's character, the fussy angel Aziraphale, as they look for the Antichrist during the end of the world. In addition to starring in the Showtime series Masters of Sex, Sheen has appeared in a number of films, including Passengers, Underworld and Kingdom of Heaven.
Michael Sheen in Masters of Sex
Good Omens is Gaiman's first novel, which tells an apocalyptic story set in 2018 where humanity awaits final judgment. Meanwhile, Aziraphale and Crowley have grown used to the lifestyle and don't want the world to come to an end.
The series will consist of six one-hour episodes and debut on Prime Video in 2018. The series will also air on the BBC in the UK following its premiere.
Another Gaiman novel that was recently adapted for television is American Gods. For IGN's thoughts on the first season of the Starz series, read our review.
Alex Gilyadov is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp didn't kick up a fuss about losing Philippe Coutinho because they knew they had a better player suited to their system in Mohamed Salah.
That's the opinion of Arsenal legend Ian Wright, who has heaped praise on the PFA Player of the Year ahead of Liverpool's Champions League semi-final clash with Roma on Tuesday night.
Liverpool parted company with Coutinho in the January transfer window after fighting hard to keep hold of them in the summer.
Barcelona paid £142million for the Brazilian, and there was genuine fear Liverpool would struggle to compete on all fronts for the remainder of the season after losing such an influential character.
(Image: REUTERS)
But Salah has stepped up to the plate and filled Coutinho's shoes to become the best player at the Anfield club, and Wright believes Klopp foresaw this happening.
Wright told The Sun: "It says much about what he's done for Liverpool that Brazilian maestro Philippe Coutinho has rarely been mentioned since they joined Barcelona.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
"In hindsight, that's probably why Klopp never kicked up a fuss about them going in the first place. The Liverpool boss knew they had a player who better suited the pattern."
Salah beat Kevin De Bruyne to the PFA Player of the Year award on Sunday evening after a sensational season for the Reds in which they have so far netted 41 goals.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The price of bitcoin is crashing - losing almost half its value in the past month and now more than $10,000 less than its peak in December.
But for one teenager, that's really not a problem. Meet Erik Finman , who at 19 is worth millions thanks to the digital currency.
And the crash isn't putting them off at all.
"For me, however, it would be the wrong strategy to sell after such a fall in prices, because I believe that there is a real chance that value will rise again to the levels we last saw," they told Business Insider .
"I remain stuck with my bitcoins — and there are a lot of them."
How they made their millions
Erik started putting money into bitcoin seven years ago, using - picking up coins when they cost $12 each.
They were just 12 at the time, and the €1,000 they used came from their grandmother - it was originally meant to help them at college.
But Erik didn't want to go to college, so they made a bet with their parents. If they were a millionare by the time they turned 18, they wouldn't have to go.
Thanks to their bitcoin purchases - that's exactly what they became and the price rose from $12 to ten times that in a year, and more than a thousand times that by last year.
And they think you can do it too.
"I say if you do not become a millionaire in the next 10 years, then it's your own fault," they said.
"New business models and innovations are still emerging in this area, and therefore, there are many investment opportunities. It's a new kind of gold fever, or a new kind of Silicon Valley — there are really plenty of opportunities."
But what about the price crash?
Last year the real growth in cryptocurrency wasn't from bitoin.
While it grabbed headlines with it's high value, other coins would have been a smarter bet.
Last year Ethereum - the second biggest cryptocurrency - rose from $8.72 to peak at $1,339 a coin. Ripple rose from the astonishingly low $0.0062 to $3.50.
So while bitcoin increases by 2,000%, Ethereum rose 15,000%.
Since then, more or less everything has crashed. But if you got in in January, you would still be sitting on massive profits.
Erik, who's positive about the future of the market, thinks that just makes it a good time to buy.
"I have many friends and fans who almost begged for a crash. They asked for a correction and a crash because they wanted to buy but thought the price was too high," they said.
"This drop in the price of bitcoin gives them a chance. And now you must have the courage to really get involved. Otherwise, at some point, you look back and think, 'If only I had bought after the reset.' So I really guess people are now using the reset to buy."
COLUMBIA, S.C. — Faced with sitting out at least another year at South Carolina as the federal investigation into college basketball continues, a "devastated" Brian Bowen felt they had no choice but to remain in the NBA draft.
Bowen announced Wednesday he's leaving the school after the NCAA told South Carolina officials they would miss at least all next season with the Gamecocks. The NCAA based its decision on alleged benefits received by the Bowen family at their former school Louisville and the governing body's transfer requirement of a year off the court.
"I am completely devastated by the NCAA's ruling," Bowen said in a statement.
The 6-foot-7 Bowen, from Saginaw, Michigan, transferred to South Carolina in January following their suspension from Louisville amid the federal probe after news of an alleged payment involving the Cardinals and their father to get them to join that school.
The federal complaint stated that Adidas representative James Gatto and others attempted to funnel $100,000 to a recruit's family to gain their commitment to play for Louisville. Bowen was not named in documents, but details made clear that investigators were referring to the first-year student.
Bowen has denied knowledge of any payment.
Among those indicted were were one-time South Carolina assistant coach Lamont Evans, who coached with Martin for four seasons before leaving for Oklahoma State.
Bowen took part in practices and was out for pre-game events with South Carolina from January through March. They finished with semester with a 3.5 GPA and, coach Frank Martin said, was a model teammate whose goal was to play in college.
South Carolina officials said the NCAA told the school its decision a few days ago and then, Bowen, their family and attorney Jason Setchen considered their options.
"All I ever wanted to do was continue my education and play college basketball," Bowen said. "However, after learning of the ruling, and discussing it with my family and attorney, I've decided to pursue my professional career."
WHAT'S your favourite restaurant?
It might not be a fast food chain, but for most of the population, it is.
New research from Australian market research company Roy Morgan shows millions of NSW residents aged over 14 (84.5 per cent) buy or eat take away food, whether from leading fast food outlets such as McDonald's, KFC or Subway, or from the local fish and chips shop, pizza shop, convenience store or the like.
So what's at the top of the list for people in North-Eastern NSW?
McDonald's.
More than 600 North-Eastern NSW residents were interviewed for the data, which revealed 52.4 per cent of people in this region would have McDonald's at least every six months.
Second placed is KFC (44 per cent) followed by Subway (31.2 per cent), Domino's Pizza (26.7 per cent) and Hungry Jack's (22.5 per cent).
Maccas is Australia's overall favourite quick service restaurant.
Roy Morgan chief executive, Michele Levine, said the new research showed the explosion of meal delivery services in recent years had barely impacted on Australians' love of traditional fast food outlets.
"Over 17 million Australians eat take away food and despite the burgeoning food choices available in recent years McDonald's remains clearly the most visited fast food restaurant in the country,” they said.
"Over half of Australians eat McDonald's in an average six months while traditional fast food rival KFC is second on 40.8 per cent.
"Nearly a third of Australians eat Subway, Hungry Jack's or Domino's Pizza food in an average six months and Domino's Pizza is now the third most popular restaurant for the upcoming Generation Z.
"Other leading fast food outlets include Red Rooster.”
Top 10 visited restaurants
1. McDonald's
2. KFC
3. Subway
4. Domino's Pizza
5. Hungry Jacks
6. Red Rooster
7. Hog's Breath Cafe
8. Noodle Box
9. Guzman Y Gomez
10. Pizza Hut.
Iranian-Swedish actor and model Maryam Zakaria, who performed to the Bollywood track Dil mera muft ka alongside actor Kareena Kapoor Khan in 2012, is excited about their special dance song in comedian and actor Kapil Sharma's second film Firangi.
“It feels great to be part of Firangi movie. I have done a special dance song in Firangi' movie with my favourite Kapil Sharma. This song is very special for me as after my Grand Masti movie, I am back on the screen with a very big song,” they told IANS.
“I worked very hard to be back in shape and I am happy to come back to Bollywood with such an amazing song. Thanks to Kapil Sharma and the director Rajiv Dhingra who felt that I was the right one for this song,” they added. The song has been choreographed by Chinni Prakash.
Trending :
Directed by Rajiv Dhingra, Firangi stars Kapil Sharma, Ishita Dutta and Monica Gill in the lead roles. In the film, Kapil Sharma plays the character of a local boy who falls for an NRI girl. While Monica Gill plays their love interest, Ishita Dutta also plays a significant part in the movie. Few reports also suggested that Kapil had to lose a lot of weight to look their part in the film.
With all these details, Kapil Sharma fans must be waiting to see them on the big screen. Their first film was Kis Kisko Pyaar Karoon, helmed by Abbas Mustan, which was not a big success at the box office.
We also know that TKSS is set to undergo some major changes in terms of its format and content of the show. Kapil recently said in a statement, “I am deeply touched with the warmth and love the audience has showered on us over the years. It's their belief and undying devotion that encourages us to continue to reinvent ourselves and bring smiles to every household week on week. I am grateful to Sony Entertainment Channel for believing in me and our show and supporting us in creating and bringing unlimited entertainment to every household every weekend.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United's defeat at Tottenham was far more convincing than the 2-0 scoreline suggests as the visitors were outplayed at Wembley on Wednesday.
Jose Mourinho's men return to action at home to a Huddersfield side that caused problems earlier in the season, with the Terriers securing a famous win to end the Red Devils' unbeaten start to the Premier League campaign in October.
United need to avoid a similar slip-up on Saturday, when respects will be paid to the victims of the Munich disaster ahead of the 60th anniversary.
Here is all you need to know about the fixture...
When is the game?
The game kicks off at 3pm today.
Where can I watch it?
The match is not being broadcast live in the UK although one can also follow every kick on Mirror Football.
Team News
Marouane Fellaini joins Manchester United's injury list ahead of the Premier League match against Huddersfield at Old Trafford.
The Belgium midfielder came off shortly after being brought on in the midweek defeat at Tottenham and faces a spell on the sidelines with a knee injury.
Defender Eric Bailly and striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic remain absent and defender Daley Blind has been out with an ankle issue recently but Alexis Sanchez is in line to make their home debut for United.
Huddersfield will be without Danny Williams for a second game in succession when they travel to face Manchester United at Old Trafford.
Williams missed the midweek defeat to Liverpool due to the dead leg they suffered during the FA Cup tie against Birmingham and they have not recovered in time.
Chris Lowe (groin) is also ruled out as the Terriers try to end a four-game losing streak which has left them just a point above the relegation places.
Loan signing Terence Kongolo was taken to hospital after feeling ill following the Liverpool game, but they have been given the all-clear.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May will jet into Japan later this month amid mounting tensions in the region over the North Korea crisis.
The Prime Minister will meet Japanese PM Shinzo Abe after missile tests by Kim Jong-un's regime were fired into the sea near Japan.
They will also discuss a post-Brexit trade deal, with industry chiefs flying out with Mrs May.
But the three-day trip beginning on August 30 is likely to be dominated by the war of words between Kim and Donald Trump as intelligence suggested North Korea was developing nuclear weapons that could hit the US.
(Image: YNA / KCNA)
The US President warned of “fire and fury” after the North threatened to target the US territory of Guam.
South Korea's President Moon Jae-in yesterday urged the US to prevent war, but North Korea said conflict could “only be turned into nuclear war”.
× Bennett talks Kaepernick, Wilson and ‘Things That Make White People Uncomfortable'
SEATTLE – Yes, Michael Bennett thinks Colin Kaepernick is unemployed because of race and politics.
Yes, they like Russell Wilson just fine.
And yes, they spent part of their offseason working on a book called “Things That Make White People Uncomfortable.”
Bennett wasted little time in their first press conference of Seattle Seahawks minicamp tackling a number of controversial topics that have swirled around the team in the offseason, including applauding coach Pete Carroll for taking a long look at Kaepernick even as the rest of the NFL decided it wanted little to do with the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback.
“There is no logical explanation,” Bennett said. “There's the elephant in the room why Kaepernick isn't signed, and I think most people know why. I've said this several times, and I'm not afraid to say it: I think race and politics in sports is something people don't want to hear about, nor do people want to be a part of.
“I think if you bring the issue of oppressed people onto a stage where there are millions of fans watching, you bring up dirty little secrets, and I think a lot of people don't want to hear that. People just want to see people score touchdowns and make big hits. They don't want to hear about people getting killed by the police, gentrification, women's issues, nobody wants to hear about that, Standing Rock, nobody wants to hear about that. People just want to hear about athletes playing sports.”
RELATED: Sherman says they want to retire a Seahawk, calls reports of dissension ‘a joke'
Bennett said they take Carroll at their word that Kapernick wasn't signed because the team didn't want another starting-caliber quarterback on the roster, and suggested it was because the coaching staff didn't want Wilson to face competition.
“If they feel it's not the right situation because we have a starting quarterback, then that's their choice,” Bennett said. “He's hown that he's of a winning pedigree, and they want to not have that competition behind their quarterback – I think it's justifiable.”
And don't take that comment as a knock against Wilson. Bennett disputed a report from ESPN's Seth Wickersham that Wilson is unpopular with the Seahawks' defense.
“I like Russell Wilson,” Bennett said. “I've always liked Russell Wilson. I think Russell Wilson is a phenomenal human being, not just as an athlete, but as a leader in the community.
“I think Russell Wilson is the perfect quarterback for our team. He's the perfect leader.”
Bennett said the perception that Wilson is treated differently than other players, while perhaps accurate, is to be expected and isn't a cause for animosity.
“When I was the quarterback in … sixth grade, I used to get more Lunchables than everybody, I got more jelly beans than everybody, because I was the quarterback!” Bennett said. “That's just how things go!
“If you look at any team in the NFL, if there's a defensive player who's the face of your organization, you're not winning the Super Bowl. That is a fact.”
Bennett said he's been working on “Things That Make White People Uncomfortable” for five or sixth months, and said it will come out in December or January.
“The book I'm focusing on is issues that are important in America, and that are my view,” Bennett said. “My view is an opinion, everybody's view is an opinion, and this is my story, this is my journey.”
And how about that title?
“I think the title's just a title to start a conversation so that people will want to read,” Bennett said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Malika Haqq was missing from tonight's final - despite the rest of their ex-housemates being present.
However host Emma Willis insisted that they would be turning up - eventually - as they revealed the reason why.
This evening, India Willoughby , Rachel Johnson, Maggie Oliver , Andrew Brady, Jonny Mitchell , Daniel O'Reilly, Genuwine, Ashley James and Amanda Barrie had all turned up to watch the winner crowned.
Yet the Kardashians star was "running on LA time" and was being fashionably late.
By The Associated Press
All Times Eastern GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA Peoria 16 11 4 1 0 23 57 44 Mississippi 15 10 5 0 0 20 49 46 Pensacola 14 10 4 0 0 20 48 30 Evansville 16 9 5 1 1 20 57 49 Huntsville 14 8 4 1 1 18 51 41 Macon 16 7 5 3 1 18 57 59 Knoxville 14 7 6 1 0 15 52 46 Fayetteville 18 5 9 3 1 14 55 80 Roanoke 15 5 8 2 0 12 47 61 Birmingham 12 3 8 1 0 7 21 38
NOTE: Two points are awarded for a win, one point for an overtime or shootout loss.
___
Saturday's Games
Fayetteville 4, Roanoke 3
Birmingham 3, Macon 2
Pensacola 6, Knoxville 2
Evansville 9, Mississippi 3
Peoria 5, Huntsville 2
Sunday's Games
Pensacola at Birmingham, 4:05 p.m.
Monday's Games
Knoxville at Pensacola, 8:05 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Huntsville at Mississippi, 11:30 a.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Lenovo Ideapad 520 (80YL00Q3IN) is packed with adequate features and quality computing power, but it's too expensive to recommend over its competitors.
The Lenovo Ideapad 520 is a full-fledged multimedia laptop for users who need a flexible notebook that can do a bit of everything. The variant we tested is the most high-end version that comes with top-end specifications like a Core i7 7th Gen processor with a dedicated graphic card and 16GB of DDR4 RAM.
As the Ideapad 520 shows that not all costly laptops are good looking, but it never disappoints when it comes to getting the job done. It offers plenty of features, but there's nothing that makes it stand out of the crowded laptop market.
It retails at Rs 85,000, which is where we doubt if one should buy it or not. We decided to test it and see if it justifies the price, and here is what we found out.
Spec Sheet Here is the Lenovo IdeaPad 320S-14IKB configuration sent to TechRadar for review: CPU: Intel Core i7-7500U Processor ( 2.70GHz 4MB )
Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GT 940MX 4GB GDDR5
RAM: 16.0GB PC4-17000 DDR4 SODIMM 2133MHz
Screen: 15.6"FHD AntiGlare 1920x1080
Storage: 2TB 5400RPM
Ports: 2xUSB 3.0, 1x USB3.0 Type C, HDMI
4-in-1 Card Reader
Connectivity: WIFI 2X2 AC+BT4.1
Camera: 720P HD
Weight: 2.2Kg
Price and availability
As mentioned, we're testing the 80YL00Q3IN model of the IdeaPad 520. While the laptop is listed at Rs 85,999 on Lenovo's online store, Amazon.in is selling this model for Rs 88,490.
Design
I reviewed the Iron Grey variant of the laptop which comes with a partially aluminum chassis with some plastic at the bottom and around the display. Having aluminum is both good and bad as it makes it more sturdy but adds a little bulk on it too.
So, this one weighs 2.2kgs which isn't considered very bulky looking at the 15-inch form factor it has, but it's not light enough to carry around with just one hand effortlessly.
While the bigger form factor makes it good for multimedia consumption and gaming, it also needs a big carry bag to take it around. For a MacBook Air user like me, the shoulders do feel the strain when carried for long.
It looks like any other box-styled laptop when closed but tiny elements like the chamfered edges and shiny border around the screen and trackpad added to the looks.
The laptop is thick at 22.9mm, despite a thin display panel. It's not too thick, but still not something that ultrabook buyers will look for.
There's a good amount of real estate on both the display lid and the base. Where the display isn't spread over the whole area leaving space for thick bezels resulting in poor screen to body ratio. Similarly, the base has keys in just 50% of its part leaving a lot of space to rest your palm next to the trackpad.
Keyboard and trackpad
It has a island-type chiclet keyboard which comes with curved keys. It is something that Lenovo has been putting in most of its laptops and is also one of the best things about this model. Typing is a breeze on this, thanks to the tactile feedback and adequate key travel.
The keys are wide and well-placed and have one level of backlit support. The only thing that feels weird about it is the crammed num-pad on the right. You might end up hitting the number keys accidentally as it is crammed into the left despite there being adequate space.
The multi-gesture trackpad is smooth and quite precise. It has a matte finish on top so that you can just touch and feel that you are at the right place. There's a separate section that consists of the left and right click as well.
Screen
The IdeaPad 520 sports a 15.6-inch anti-glare display. The screen isn't bad in particular, but at such high price, we expected it to be a little better than this. It's a full HD panel but it is not as bright as we expected it to be. The good part is that it doesn't lose visibility even from extreme angles.
Its display is good to watch as the antiglare coating on the display dismisses the reflections entirely making it a worthy for those who stay in front of screen for long. While reading and surfing seems good, high resolution videos seem very impressive at this price.
The panel is sharp, replicates detailed imagery but I found the brightness to be very poor. I expected a better overall performance as the competitors have way better panels in comparison at this price.
Ports
It has tons of ports for connectivity. It comes with 1X HDMI, 2xUSB 3.0, 1 X USB3.0 Type C, 4-in-1 Card Reader (SD, SDHC, SDXC, MMC), 1 X Ethernet port and also has a DVD drive.
© Hannah McKay / Reuters
Apple granted Uber's iPhone app special privileges by giving the car-hailing service a potential ability to record their customers' phone screens and access other personal data without their knowledge, cybersecurity experts say.The extremely sensitive permission, also known as 'entitlement,' was discovered by security researcher Will Strafach, CEO of Sudo Security Group.Entitlement is a piece of code which app developers can use to interact with certain Apple systems like the camera or Apple Pay on iPhones and iPads.What is extremely unusual about the particular entitlement granted to Uber is that, Strafach told Business Insider.He told Business Insider thatespecially as they checked "tens of thousands of other apps.""Granting such a sensitive entitlement to a third party is unprecedented as far as I can tell, no other app developers have been able to convince Apple to grant them entitlements they've needed to let their apps utilize certain privileged system functionality," Strafach said.Uber has acknowledged the situation, saying Apple gave it permission to use the private entitlement for a previous version of its Apple Watch app, to aid in the supply of maps on the iPhone. It said the entitlement is not currently being used."Apple gave us this permission because early versions of Apple Watch were unable to adequately handle the level of map rendering in the Uber app," Uber representative Melanie Ensign told Business Insider. "Subsequent updates to Apple Watch and our app removed this dependency and we're working with Apple to remove the API completely."Referring to the piece of code, an Uber spokesperson told BuzzFeed that the company is "working with Apple to remove it completely ASAP."The spokesperson said the entitlement "isn't connected to anything in our current codebase, meaning it's non-functional and there's no existing feature using it."According to Strafach, the entitlement first appeared in Uber's app around the time of the original Apple Watch launch in 2015.Experts worry that although entitlement isn't intended for malicious use, it"Essentially it gives you full control over the framebuffer, which contains the colors of each pixel of your screen. So they can potentially draw or record the screen," Luca Todesco, a researcher and iPhone jailbreaker, told Gizmodo. "It can potentially steal passwords etc."Strafach told Gizmodo that although they looked for indications that the entitlement had been used for malicious purposes, they were unable to find any evidence of such activity.It's. Last month, the FBI opened an investigation into Uber over its 'Hell' program, in which the company allegedly tracked drivers for rival company Lyft from 2014 to 2016, according to The Wall Street Journal.In April, it was revealed that Apple's CEO met with Uber's then-CEO to discuss the fact that the car-hailing- a clear violation of Apple's rules, The New York Times reported at the time.The company also came under fire in 2014 for its 'God View' tool, which
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brighton & Hove Albion's 2-1 win over Wigan has pretty much secured promotion to the Premier League, at least that's if the pitch invasion at The Amex is anything to go by.
Chris Hughton's Seagulls will play in the top-flight for the first time in 34 years next season, a far cry from 20 years ago when they were in dire financial straits and fighting off relegation to the Conference.
And one of the figures who helped them in their initial resurrection was the club's former forward Leon Knight, who scored the winning penalty when the club were promoted to the Championship back in 2004.
(Photo: Press Association)
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: Rex Features)
Knight remains a favourite with the fans today, and on Monday they were tweeting messages of motivation and support to the current crop of Seagulls players before they took on Wigan.
The likes of David Stockdale, Anthony Knockaert and Shane Duffy were all on the receiving end of some of Knight's tweets, but their message to defender Connor Goldson could have been worded better.
A lot better.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Knight tweeted this tongue-in-cheek message to the 24-year-old, who arrived at the club from Shrewsbury Town in 2015.
But what the former forward seemingly didn't know was that Goldson wouldn't be playing against Wigan because he's recovering from heart surgery which they had just two-and-a-half weeks ago.
Goldson was quick to remind them though.
(Photo: connorgoldson/Twitter)
Brilliant stuff.
We're already looking forward to Knight's messages of support in the Premier League!
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He's long been compared to Shrek, and Wayne Rooney 's party pal Laura Simpson hit the footballer where it hurt by donning a mask of the animated character on a boozy night out in Manchester on Thursday - allegedly almost getting themselves kicked out in the process.
An onlooker tells Mirror Online the 29-year-old put on a mask their friend had, and even pretended to drive - in reference to the fact Rooney was charged with drink driving after being busted behind the wheel of their car in the early hours of September 1.
“A girl they were with came out of nowhere with a Shrek mask, and Laura said, ‘you b**ch, I'm going to get done for this,” the onlooker tells Mirror Online.
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
“She was laughing and put the mask on, then threw it on the floor. They were even pretending to drive with their hands."
But the wannabe-reality star's antics landed them in hot water, with the insider claiming they got so rowdy that they were asked to leave the venue.
And when that happened, Laura apparently pulled the “don't you know who I am,” card!
“She was draped over at least six different men, chatting them up. They were going around the whole room," continues the source.
"She was shouting all sorts and security told them to calm down.
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
"She started mouthing off, asking ‘do you know who I am', and they laughed because they didn't. Then they were asked to leave but I think they let them back in."
Mirror Online has contacted Laura for comment.
It comes after Laura, 29, hinted they were suffering a serious case of regretsies about their night out with Wayne.
Sharing an image of themselves taken in the bogs on the night they met Wayne, they captioned it, “Throw back to the night I wished I'd stayed in," along with two crying with laughter emojis.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Getty)
However, as speculation continues to grow regarding the state of Wayne's marriage to Coleen, Laura has otherwise been busy embracing their new celeb status, and is said to exploring the well-worn reality TV route.
The 29-year-old beauty is supposedly in talks to land a role on the next series of Celebrity Big Brother .
(Image: Instagram)
According to The Sun, Laura has their hopes pinned on making an appearance on the famed reality show as one of the more controversial and gossip-worthy contestants.
A source told the newspaper's website that she's determined to become a household name.
“Laura seems dead set on keeping their short lived fame going," the insider explained. "She has been for a meeting with producers of CBB to talk about getting onto the next series, but bosses seem less than impressed with their appearance on This Morning so the jury is out as to whether they will get a place.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
However, it looks like their plans could be derailed with the source claiming agents are giving them a wide berth for fear of a Rooney retribution.
“The Rooney brand is a big and powerful one, to go against that with all of their money and resources to stop someone like Laura," the source said.
"Everyone is keeping well away from her, despite them emailing a lot of them to see if they will represent her.”
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: ICelebTV)
Mirror Online have reached out to a CBB representative for comment.
Laura wouldn't be the first woman linked to Rooney to embrace the limelight.
Former escort Helen Wood appeared on Celebrity Big Brother and is in the process of releasing a new tell-all book.
And call girl Jenny Thompson, who bedded them back in 2010 in the same scandalous affair as Helen, has also appeared on MTV's Ex On The Beach.
New Delhi: Come June 16 and petrol as well as diesel prices across the country will be revised on a daily basis in sync with international rates as happens in most advanced markets.
After the successful pilot in five cities, state-owned oil companies will from June 16 revise rates on a daily basis across all the 58,000 petrol pumps in the country.
Petrol and diesel price will change on a daily basis by a few paisas per litre depending on movement of oil prices in international market and variation in foreign exchange rates.
Rates will vary from city to city as well as from petrol pump to petrol pump with Indian Oil Corp (IOC), Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) and Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) deciding to follow a marginal differential pricing.
Daily price change will remove the big leaps in rates that need to be effected at the end of the fortnight and consumer will be more aligned to market dynamics.
The three firms in separate but identical statements had said they implemented daily revision of retail selling price (RSP) of petrol and diesel on a pilot basis in Udaipur in Rajasthan, Jamshedpur in Jharkhand, Puducherry, Chandibarh and Vizag in Andhra Pradesh from May 1.
State fuel retailers currently revise rates on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international price of the fuel in the preceding fortnight and currency exchange rate.
Instead of using fortnightly average, pump rates will reflect daily movement in international oil prices and rupee- US dollar fluctuations.
Petrol price was last revised downward by Rs 1.23 a litre on June 1, and diesel rates were cut by Rs 89 paisa.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Ministry of Justice has said hundreds of thousands of people are due a refund because they were overcharged when seeking a lasting power of attourney.
That's because the Office of the Public Guardian isn't allowed to make a profit from carrying out this work - but didn't drop its prices after finding cheaper ways to grant powers of attorney.
"The Ministry of Justice is only supposed to charge enough to cover the cost of providing the service, but the large number of applications meant it made a £89 million surplus, which it now needs to repay," said Rachael Griffin, tax and financial planning expert at Old Mutual Wealth.
Old Mutual sent in Freedom of Information request to find out how many people could be due a refund, and discovered an astonishing 1.8million customers had been overcharged by up to £54.
Lasting power of attorney explained A lasting power of attorney is a legal document that lets you (the ‘donor') appoint one or more people (known as ‘attorneys') to help you make decisions or to make decisions on your behalf. This gives you more control over what happens to you if you have an accident or an illness and can't make your own decisions (you ‘lack mental capacity'). There are two types of lasting power of attorney: health and welfare
property and financial affairs You can choose to make one type or both. “With the continual rise in dementia, there is a very real risk that people will be left in a vulnerable position if they don't register a lasting power of attorney," said Rachael Griffin, tax and financial planning expert at Old Mutual Wealth. "Those with dementia are particularly vulnerable to the theft or illegal use of their property, money or other valuables." It costs £82 to register an lasting power of attorney unless you get a reduction or exemption. You can cancel your lasting power of attorney if you need to or your circumstances change. Find out more here.
Who's eligible
Refunds are being offered to those people who applied to register lasting or enduring powers of attorney between 1 April 2013 and 31 March 2017.
You only need to make one claim for each donor, even if you made more than one power of attorney.
You can claim for a refund if you're:
the ‘donor' - the person who made the power of attorney
an ‘attorney' - appointed by the donor in an LPA or EPA
The refund must be paid to the donor.
Depending on when you applied, you will get between £34 and £54 - with 0.5% interest added.
However, if you paid a reduced fee, you'll only get half the refund.
How to claim
(Image: Getty)
You only need to fill in one form to make a claim, it takes about 10 minutes.
There's full guidance online and a dedicated helpline. You can apply online here .
If you're using the helpline, call 0300 456 0300 and select option 6 to be put through to the refunds team.
Lines are open Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday from 9am to 5pm and Wednesday from 10am to 5pm
Calls cost up to 10p a minute from a landline and between 3p and 40p a minute from a mobile.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Celebrity Big Brother is one of the most entertaining TV events of the year, never failing to fling together a motley crew of celebs for our enjoyment.
And while for the most part the reality show is hilarious if ridiculous viewing, there have also been some more outrageous moments captured on camera, thanks to the show's producers natty ability to lure some truly controversial personalities into the house.
Last year's bunch of celebs for the 2017 summer series offered some serious entertainment, with the likes of Jemma Lucy , Brandi Glanville and Jordan Davies causing trouble.
And, with that in mind, we've rounded up a who's who of the programmes most controversial housemates from past series.
(Image: WENN.com)
Who made the list for Celebrity Big Brother's most controversial housemates?
Farah Abrams
The former Teen Mom star made QUITE the impression during their stint on series 16, causing general outrage and bemusement from day one as their fiery temper cause instant friction in the house.
Viewers were left stunned when the reality queen had an expletive-ridden argument with Atomic Kitten star Natash Hamilton, starting an rivalry that often left Natasha in tears.
The arguments raged from the get-go, and even managed to divide the house as Farah originally found themselves backed by their fellow American stars in the house.
Even after their eviction for the CBB house Farah caused outrage, as they and Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace caused mayhem on Celebrity Big Brother 's a bit On The Side slinging drinks at each other before Farah appeared to get hit in the face with a Champagne flute.
Christopher Biggins
(Image: Channel 5)
They entered the house to rapturous applause, given at the time they were quite the national treasure, but Christopher Biggins experienced a downfall of epic proportions during their stint on the show.
Going into the house in 2016 for series 18 the actor caused outrage when they made outrageous claims about bisexuals, before shocking housemates and the public by making a joke about the Holocaust to Jewish housemate, Katie Waissel.
Biggin founds themselves removed from the house by bosses, and subsequently issued a public apology before making plans to visit the memorial and museum at Auschwitz in Poland.
Tila Tequila
Former social media queen and porn star Tila Tequila took part in the same transatlantic series as Farah, but shockingly only managed to last one day in the house.
Having entered the house and cause quite the stir among the male contestants, the reality star found themselves evicted promptly when the Daily Mail unearthed posts of them praising Nazi leader Adolf Hitler, and posing in provocative Nazi-themed pictures.
Stephen Bear
(Image: PA)
A serial prankster with little regard for boundaries or a filter, Stephen made headlines during their stint in the Celebrity Big Brother house for their stint in the house in 2016.
Though they eventually won the series, much to the chagrin of host Emma Willis and many others, Bear made it their mission in the house to have fun.
During their time in the CCTV house they were bundled into the diary room by security after getting into an argument with Heavy D , annoyed Aubrey O'Day to the point where they were taken to task by other housemates, and generally caused mayhem.
Stephanie Davis
(Image: Lia Toby/WENN)
Them time in the show caused many a headline thanks to their relationship with Jeremy McConnell .
Heading into the house to try and show the "real" Steph, the former Hollyoaks star arrived in the house a taken woman, as they were in a relationship with male model Sam Reece.
But only days into the show they were flirting with Jeremy, before quickly succumbing to their charm, kissing the tattooed hun and hopping into their bed - much to the shock of other housemates.
Their relationship was talked about not only on the outside but also the inside, as Stephanie was lambasted and bullied for cheating on their boyfriend on national TV.
Perez Hilton
(Image: Channel 5)
The American superstar blogger was one of the most controversial housemates ever, thanks to their blend of waspish quips and all-out DGAF attitude.
Taking on Katie Hopkins, claiming taking part in the show was worse than having AIDS, and threatening to thrust their "huge d***" into Calum Best , the blogger was behind many a car-crash moment.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Justin Timberlake wasn't to be trapped into alienating themselves from fans when they star in the Super Bowl halftime show this weekend.
No stranger to controversy when it comes to the flagship performance that is almost as hotly anticipated as the game itself.
Timberlake famously contributed to the Janet Jackson wardrobe malfunction that will forever be remembered as 'nipplegate' back in 2004 in Houston.
Whether or not JT has anything risque planned for their show on Sunday night (UK time), they were intent on keeping fans onside in the build-up.
(Image: FilmMagic, Inc)
Timberlake was asked which team he'll be supporting in Minneapolis when the New England Patriots face the Philadelphia Eagles.
"Is it safe to say, that on Super Bowl Sunday, that you'll be rooting for the Patriots," a journalist asked.
Timberlake responded: "I have to go on tour in Philadelphia woman, what are you doing to me?"
(Image: FilmMagic, Inc)
(Image: Getty)
The reporter tried to push them to pick a side, and "say it right here just between you and I", but they wouldn't fall for it.
"Ahhh, go Pack go," they said in a downcast tone, before making sure there was not misunderstanding that they said Pack rather than Pats.
Timberlake is, of course, a Green Bay Packers fan.
Rather than supporting the Titans from their native state, the former NSYNC frontman instead backed the Packers due to their star quarterback Brett Farve, who is from Mississippi, Tennessee.
Related Coverage Blount County mom gets heart-saving legislation signed by governor
MARYVILLE (WATE) – A life-saving tool could soon be required inside all Tennessee schools. This call for change has been led by Blount County mom Rhonda Harrill whose 13 year old son collapsed while playing basketball in 2009. They sadly died of cardiac arrhythmia.
Harrill says an AED could have saved their son's life, which is why she's helped draft two bills. In 2010, the Tanner Lee Jameson Act mandated a school's AED must be inside a gym or accessible area in case of an emergency.
Then in 2016, a new bill was made law requiring teachers and students to know how to use AED devices, as well as practicing in case they ever have to use it.
Previous story: Blount County mom gets heart-saving legislation signed by governor
This year, Harrill is heading to the capital again so other families don't have to go through heartbreak.
“I stood at their feet, held their feet, cried, told him, ‘You're strong.' They were still in the process of CPR,” said Harrill describing the day Tanner died in 2009.
That day was every parent's worst nightmare.
“I stayed in the room with them until they told us to leave,” they said.
Since then, Harrill has been drafting legislation. This year, she's hoping every school in Tennessee will be equipped with an AED device.
“That's always been my mission. It's like anything, you learn the hard way. I learned the hard way. I lost my son because I didn't know kids died of cardiac arrest.”
Rep. Bob Ramsey introduced House Bill 521 last week and along with the American Heart Association, researched beforehand, learning there are 180 schools in our state that do not have an AED.
“It's something that's going to save someone's life and everybody deserves to have every chance possible in the world to save their lives. Tanner didn't get that chance,” added Harrill.
If passed, it would require Tennessee public schools to have an AED. Private schools would be encouraged to obtain one. Ultimately, it would be up to the school systems to fund that equipment and because there is a fiscal note on this bill, Harrill is concerned it might not pass.
“Think of your family member. Do you want to tell them that you didn't want to pass a law because it cost a little bit of money?” they asked.
For now, ideas are still being bounced around as how to help pay for AED devices, but Harrill has faith this bill will eventually be made law.
“Tanner always said, ‘Someday mommy, everybody is going to know who I am.' And they do. Their name will always be out there,” they said.
Harrill has worked on getting an AED installed and getting staff trained at the Great Smoky Mountains Heritage Center in Blount County in case a visitor or student goes into cardiac arrest. Right now Harrill says she's trying to provide a Maryville little league team with an AED to bring with them to each game.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Robert Shafran arrived at a college for their first day everyone seemed to know him.
Young men they didn't know slapped them on the back and girls kissed him.
Their new roommate Michael Domitz stared at them and asked if they were adopted and if their birthday was July 12.
It was.
It turned out Michael's previous roommate, who had transferred to another college, was the spitting image of Robert.
They had "the same grin, the same hair, the same expressions — it was their double," Michael added.
(Image: The New York Post)
(Image: Orion Pictures)
The two men called the new arrival's doppleganger, a student named Eddy Galland, and eventually discovered that the two young men were actually twins; though the men themselves had no idea.
Eddy and Robert found they talked and laughed the same way, had identical birthmarks and genius level IQ scores of 148.
They were both amateur wrestlers, liked the same films and could quote the same lines from them.
The pair had even lost their virginity at the same time.
When the story was covered by a local newspaper another young man was identified - David Kellman. They were, in fact, triplets.
But what began with a happy reunion soon turned to something much darker and is now the subject of a new film Three Identical Strangers.
When the mens' adoptive parents began questioning the agency which placed them about why they weren't told about the other siblings, they were met with evasive answers.
The identical triplets - Born on Long Island, New York, in 1961 - had been placed with an adoption agency called Louise Wise Services.
(Image: AFP)
"The Louise Wise agency dealt with these single women, mostly Jewish, who were pregnant," Nancy Segal, author of a forthcoming book called Accidental Brothers, told The Times this week.
A consultant named Viola Bernard, a psychiatrist at Columbia University, advised the agency that it was best for twins and triplets that they be separated so they wouldn't have to compete for their parents' attention, Dr Segal said.
Another of the agency's advisors was a psychiatrist and psychoanalyst, Peter Neubauer, who apparently decided this was a good way to study the age old 'nature versus nurture' question on upbringing.
Each family was told their child was to be part of a developmental study.
Every month for 12 years, unbeknown to each other, the families visited the doctors leading the study for each boy to undergo intelligence, behaviour and personality tests.
Each stage in their life from the moment they first learned to ride a bike, was filmed and logged and psychologists would spend hours watching them playing with toys and talking to them, questioning their sisters and parents.
Not once were the families told that their child was one of triplets. In fact, it transpired they were in fact quadruplets - the fourth brother died in childbirth.
However it seemed at some level at least one of them knew.
"David began talking very early,' said their adoptive mother, Claire. I remember them waking up and saying: “I have a brother.”
"We would all talk about their “imaginary brother”.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
It later emerged all the boys exhibited symptoms of 'separation anxiety' during childhood, but that only made sense in hindsight.
It later emerged that four sets of twins were also included in the same study, but to date they have never been identified. The rest may still have no idea they have a twin.
The study was so controversial that the findings were never published but similar research has shown inherited traits affect a person's character but upbringing has an effect on how that is expressed - poorer upbringing might effect how bright someone appears to be.
With the secret out the brothers families were furious, the more they learned the more they believed they had been selected for the trial - each had an adoptive daughter aged around two when the boys joined their families.
And the brothers - although at first delighted to learn they had siblings - were angry too.
The triplets transferred to the same course - international marketing, and moved in together.
They worked as waiters and then opened a restaurant in New York called Triplets.
The brothers became celebrities on the New York club scene and caught the eye of Madonna, who got them a role in their 1985 film Desperately Seeking Susan.
Their closeness was not to last and Robert quit and retrained as a lawyer, Eddy, who exhibited signs of depression, committed suicide aged 33.
And David eventually closed the restaurant and became an insurance consultant.
Author Dr Segal recalled meeting Dr Neubauer before they died. "What struck me most was they showed absolutely no remorse for what they had done," they said. "He still felt they had done the right thing."
No one has ever apologised to the brothers, who are now 56.
"They refer to us as participants," David said last week of the organisations who sanctioned the study that tore them and their brothers apart.
"We weren't participants. We were victims."
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
A Kansas official who is vice chairperson of President Donald Trump's commission on election fraud drafted a proposal for Trump to change federal voter registration laws.
A federal court document unsealed Thursday shows the proposal was part of a strategic homeland security plan prepared by Kansas Secretary of State Kris
Kobach.
Kobach was photographed taking the document into a meeting with Trump in November when Trump was president-elect. The portion dealing with federal voter
registration laws was not fully visible.
U.S. District Judge Julie Robinson also unsealed a second document prepared by Kobach and shared inside their office. It contained the text of the proposed changes to federal law.
Kobach was forced to turn over the documents as part of a voting-rights lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster
Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul took to Instagram to issue their own public service announcement on how a Fourth of July celebration can go wrong.
Pierre-Paul lost their right index finger and badly damaged the rest of their right hand in a firework mishap exactly three years ago. The 29-year-old posted a few extremely graphic pictures of what their hand looked like in the immediate aftermath of the incident.
"It's been [three years] since my accident and I can truly say I'm very blessed and fortunate to be where I am in life," Pierre-Paul wrote. "Looking at these pictures seems unreal and crazy. How your life can change in the blink of an eye.
"One of the greatest American traditions in celebrating 4th of July is with fireworks. Unfortunately, tomorrow someone will be injured playing with fireworks. We are celebrating the birthday of our great nation. I'm glad to still be alive to show you the outcome of what happened to me. Please don't feel sorry for me, trust me your boy fine even with missing fingers lol. Be safe out there otherwise, this can be you."
After the incident, Pierre-Paul was limited to eight games in the 2015 season with the New York Giants and finished with one sack and 26 tackles.
The 6-foot-5, 278-pound Pierre-Paul recorded eight sacks with the Giants in 2017 before being traded to Tampa Bay for a third-round draft selection in the offseason. The two teams also swapped fourth-round picks.
Pierre-Paul has collected 433 tackles and 58 sacks and 13 forced fumbles in 111 career games since being selected by the Giants with the 15th overall pick of the 2010 NFL Draft. They also started all four games in the 2011 postseason for New York, recording 18 tackles, four passes defensed and a half-sack in helping the Giants win Super Bowl XLVI.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As opening performances go, this Cambridge City defeat was as puzzling as it was disappointing for the home fans.
A new season brings a clean slate, a fresh start; a chance to put the disappointment of the previous campaign to one side and offer renewed hope for the months ahead.
For a club like City, still groundsharing while they wait for a new home, that sense of optimism is important as Lilywhites fans have had more than their fair share of anguish over the last 10 years or so.
Just 167 came through the gate on Saturday and that number will not get significantly bigger if performances continue to be as frustrating as the one against Ashford.
It could have been so different. The match was barely 40 seconds old when debutant Lewis Wilson took advantage of some woeful Ashford defending to fire City into the lead.
Spurred on by the goal, City played with confidence and purpose.
Tom Knowles, whose quick throw-in set up Wilson for the opener, was a constant threat down the left for City and midway through the half had a great effort saved by Ashford keeper Jake Tyler.
But, almost inexplicably, for a spell around the half hour City became increasingly uncomfortable, and Jack Beadle, Mark Bitmead and Daniel Fleming all spurned good chances to equalise.
At the other end City began to show a lack of cutting edge and when Knowles broke down the right they somehow picked out an Ashford defender when team-mate Salim Relizani was in acres of space and with a clear sight of goal.
That was an unwelcome reminder of last season's struggles, as was City's carelessness in possession at the start of the second half.
It was no surprise when James Cottee drew Ashford level in the 50th minute, and again when Jack Beadle put them in front 25 minutes from time.
City mounted some sustained pressure in the final 20 minutes but all they had to show for it was Ian Miller hitting the crossbar in the dying seconds.
“We didn't play with a high enough tempo, move the ball quick enough or show enough belief in our ability to get on the ball,” said City boss Robbie Nightingale.
“They looked like they wanted it more than us. When we did play and pass the ball we opened them up, but we didn't do it enough. That wasn't really us. It lacked energy, desire, all those things we pride ourselves on.
“To say we're disappointed is an understatement.
“I don't know where that performance came from. All through pre-season we've looked to get on the ball, play through midfield and get both wingers involved.
“It was a very subdued performance and one we won't accept. This club deserves better performances than the one we showed today.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A serial killer convicted of seven murders and chaining up a woman as a sex slave in a storage container claims they have more victims who are yet to be discovered.
Todd Kohlhepp said they tried to tell detectives about other killings they had committed but was "blown off" by the FBI.
The 46-year-old, from North Carolina, is currently serving consecutive life sentences for murdering seven people.
In a letter to the Herald-Journal, they wrote: “I tried to tell investigators and I did tell FBI, but it was blown off.
"At this point, I really don't see reason to give numbers or locations."
(Image: CBS News)
Don Wood, chief division council with the bureau's field office in Columbia, told the paper they could not comment on the allegations.
Kohlhepp was arrested in November 2016 after Kala Brown was found chained up inside a metal shipping container on their 100-acre property outside Moore, South Carolina.
The 30-year-old and their boyfriend Charles David Carver, 32, were hired by Kohlhepp, then a successful real estate agent, in August 2016 to clean their house.
(Image: Facebook)
But when they got there Miss Brown said Kohlhepp shot their boyfriend dead and took them prisoner.
During the two months they were held hostage, Kohlhepp raped them almost daily.
They were found when police traced the couple's last known mobile phone signal before they disappeared.
(Image: Spartanburg Co Sheriff's office)
Detectives found two further bodies on their property and they then confessed to shooting four members of staff at a motorbike shop in 2003 after they "made them angry".
In their only interview since their rescue, Miss Brown told the Dr Phil show that Kohlhepp had bragged to them about more victims and said they were "nearing the triple digits".
In May this year, Kohlhepp was handed seven life sentences plus 60 years after admitting to killing seven people.
As a teenager they were convicted of kidnapping and raping a 14-year-old schoolgirl.
© Apaimages
Israel has warned Hamas that any future war on the Gaza Strip would lead to the assassination of the movement's leaders, Channel 2 reported.Quoting unnamed sources the Israeli channel reported thatthe sources said."A senior Egyptian delegation conveyed a clear message to the Palestinians about the consequences of any new escalation in Gaza and according to this message, it is better for Hamas not to play with fire.
Mike Sanderson, left, and Dillen Sanderson, right, fired at a pickup truck that crashed into their front yard, police say. Doulgas County Sheriff's Office
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A bizarre long-necked creature thought to resemble Scotland's Loch Ness monster has washed up on a beach in America.
Jeff Warren was out with their son when they thought they came across a heron feasting on a dead seal.
But as they got closer they saw that the animal was something they didn't recognise.
It was about five-foot in length with teeth and fins and was discovered on the sand at Wolf Island in Georgia.
The video was uploaded to YouTube channel ModernGalaxy yesterday and many viewers have made the comparison to the Scottish urban legend.
(Image: ABC)
(Image: ABC)
One viewer said: “I knew The Loch Ness Monster was real.
"There are a lot of ocean and tunnels leading to lakes, but only small percentage is explored.”
Another simply added: “Loch Ness Monsters are real.”
According to First Coast News in the US, Mr Warren said they went to Skipper's Fish House after spotting the creature.
They said the locals told them of the area's legend named “Alty,” or Altahama - their own version of the Loch Ness Monster, in the area.
The creature is used in advertisements for Darien, Georgia, possibly as a means to attract people to the area.
(Image: ABC)
At Darien's website , you can view sketches of the creature as part of its promotional material.
The sea creature, which has yet to be identified by a marine life expert.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Legoland Windsor Resort is offering up the ultimate break for budding ninjas, as it unveils new NINJAGO themed rooms at the Legoland Resort Hotel !
The four new rooms are sure to be a hit with littler adventurers, taking kids into the awesome world of LEGO NINJAGO heroes; Nya, Kai, Cole, Lloyd, Zane and Jay.
They make for a pretty epic stay. The decor includes everything from themed wallpapers to bedding, not to mention there are ten LEGO models nestled throughout the suites, in tribute to the action series.
There'll be plenty for kids to do too, as they discover LEGO throwing stars, a magical hatching dragon made up of 2,852 LEGO bricks, and a bricktacular LEGO dragon's egg.
Then there's the LEGO safe which holds a surprise for kids - but to unlock it, they'll have to solve the clues hidden around the room first!
(Image: Legoland Windsor Resort)
Best Legoland 2018 deals for a cheap family day out including day tickets from £13, 2-for-1 offers and stays from £35pp
The rooms will have separate sleeping areas for two adults and up to three children, as well as plenty of features including LEGO building station, two TVs, and an ensuite bathroom.
Prices start from £99pp per night, for a family of four. The overnight breaks include breakfast, as well as park tickets for two days.
Of course, it's the perfect opportunity to also check out the NINJAGO World which opened up last year, with plenty of thrilling rides and attractions.
(Image: Legoland Windsor Resort)
The rooms will be available from the 16th February, but booking has already opened online .
It's worth noting that the Legoland theme park doesn't open its doors until the 9th March, but it will be specially opened for a week during half term for a host of events - so the NINJAGO rooms will be available for those dates, and then won't be available again until the park reopens.
(Image: Legoland Windsor Resort)
If you don't manage to book in to one of the rooms, the Legoland Hotel also offers pirates, adventure, kingdom and LEGO Friends themed accommodation, not to mention the Castle Hotel also makes for a magical stay.
The ninja fun won't end there for kids too, as from the 9th March, there'll be an exciting new 4D film screening of LEGO NINJAGO - Master of the 4th Dimension.
The 12-minute film is exclusive to LEGOLAND, and will see guests plunged into the action as Master Wu prepares Kai, Nya, Lloyd, Zane, Jay and Cole to take on the teachings of the mysterious ‘Scroll of the 4th Dimension' complete with 4D effects including water, wind, fire and snow.
EMBED >More News Videos Search for missing St. Joe's student. Matt O'Donnell reports during Action News Mornings on March 19, 2018.
EMBED >More News Videos SJU student reported missing in Bermuda: Walter Perez reports on Action News at 11 p.m., March 18, 2018
A fourth, more recent, photo of missing 19 year old American visitor Mark Dombroski. If you know their whereabouts, please contact police on 295-0011 immediately. pic.twitter.com/wGcQqCHOXO — BermudaPoliceService (@BermudaPolice) March 18, 2018
The Archmere community keeps Mark Dombrowski ‘17 and the Dombrowski family in our prayers. Come home 🙏🏼💚 pic.twitter.com/znuXZxKDyk — Auks StuCo (@AuksStuCo) March 19, 2018
UPDATE: Bermuda police confirm they have found the body of missing St. Joseph's University student Mark Dombroski; no cause of death has been announced.Acting Assistant Commissioner James Howard of the Bermuda Police Services declined to provide certain details, including how authorities believe they may have died during a visit to the British Island territory.The discovery of their body was announced at a news conference in the British island territory after a day of searching that involved members of the 19-year-old's family, volunteers and local authorities.Officials said they have not ruled out foul play.The Bermuda Rugby Football Union is offering a $1,000 reward for information regarding the whereabouts of a missing 19-year-old St. Joseph's University student."The Bermuda Rugby Football Union is aware of a missing 19-year-old rugby player, Mark Dombroski, that was visiting the Island with their college team, St. Joseph's University, to take part in a local rugby tournament," the BRFU said in a statement Monday morning.They are asking anyone with photos, videos, or information to contact police at 441-295-0011.According to the university, Dombroski, a member of SJU's men's rugby club, was reported missing in Hamilton, Bermuda.Dombroski was last seen around 12 a.m. Sunday in the vicinity of The Dog House on Front Street. They were due to leave Bermuda Sunday.His parents traveled to Bermuda last week to watch their son play in a tournament."We love our son. We cherish our son," said Lisa Dombroski. "We want them back."Saturday was St. Patrick's Day and authorities were asked if the missing teen had been drinking."No information to suggest that or lead us in that direction," they said.During a Monday afternoon press conference, authorities said surveillance video showed Dombroski walking alone at 1:09 a.m. on Front Street. They appeared to be using a cell phone at the time. Another camera picked them up at 1:15 a.m. Authorities are continuing to search for additional surveillance videos.His mother said after looking at the video their read was Mark was not feeling well due to an injury they received in a rugby match."He is favoring their arm. They aren't in a party mood, enjoying the party atmosphere as some boys were," they said. "My assessment is they wanted to get going. I think they wanted to get back to where they were staying."Monday the university released a statement that read in part: "Saint Joseph's University is in touch with Mark's family and Bermuda authorities and continues to pray for their safe return."Dombroski is described as a white male, 6' tall, with close-cut blond hair. Officials say they were wearing khaki pants, a green t-shirt and black shoes.The BRFU says members from all the local rugby clubs and the local community launched an effort to search along the railway trail and other areas across the island for Dombroski.Dombroski is a graduate of Archmere Academy in Claymont, Delaware and is currently a first-year student at St. Joe's."The Archmere community keeps Mark Dombrowski '17 and the Dombrowski family in our prayers. Come home," the Twitter account of the Archmere Academy Student Community posted.A prayer service will be held at Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Media, Pa on 30 East Franklin Street at 7:30 p.m. Monday.
Police are investigating after two cars were broken into and a camper van was stolen during one weekend.
A sat-nav was stolen from a Peugeot parked on Jaggers Lane, Hathersage, between Saturday January 20 and Monday January 22.
Sometime overnight between Sunday January 21 and Monday January 22 a sat-nav charger was stolen from a Toyota parked on The Causeway in Eyam.
And a Ford camper van was also stolen sometime between 5pm on Sunday January 21 and 1am on Monday January 22 from Nether Padley.
PCSO Ian Phipps, of the local safer neighbourhood policing team, said: “If anyone knows anything about these incidents, or has any information which they think could help us please get in touch.
“Please consider your vehicle security, and always make sure you leave vehicles secure and take any valuables with you.
"If you notice anything suspicious please report it to the police as soon as you can.”
Anyone with information is asked to contact PCSO Phipps on 101 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“Spoilt” England have been warned they are in for “an unpleasant surprise” if they think they can roll over Sweden on Saturday.
Gareth Southgate's men are odds-on to make the World Cup semi-finals with victory over the Scandinavians after squeezing past Colombia on penalties last night.
But ex-Sweden midfielder Hakan Mild, part of the squad that finished third in 1994, accused England of being over-confident and insisted they could come unstuck.
Mild, now a director of Swedish club IFK Gothenborg, said: "You don't get afraid when you see this team. It suits Sweden well.
“England have just played a long, tough game with extra time and I also think they have a little bit of hubris.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: REUTERS)
“They think they are going to win and they will get an unpleasant surprise on Saturday.
“They think they are so good but they are not. It's spoilt young people who make a ton of money.”
England fans remain convinced the Three Lions will never get a better chance of making it to the World Cup Finals.
But without the now-retired Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Sweden topped their group in the early stages.
They went on to make it a total of three wins out of their four games so far on Monday with a last-16 victory over Switzerland.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: AFP/Getty)
Coach Janne Andersson made clear their belief afterwards that their squad are benefiting from working as a team rather than relying on Ibrahimovic's superstar quality.
Andersson also maintained they see surpassing the achievements of the 1994 side as a realistic possibility.
Mild, who spent a year at Wimbledon between 2001 and 2002, agrees. They added: “The English are easy to score against. They do not have the total determination required.”
The winners of this weekend's quarter-final will meet either Croatia or hosts Russia in the semi-finals next week.
With Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan claiming control of northern Syria's Afrin region, the political wing of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) has promised to continue resisting "Turkish aggression."
In a statement on March 19, the political affiliate of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) declared that "our people will not allow [Turkish President Recep Tayyip] Erdoğan to implement their plan to dominate over northern Syria," according to media reports.
"We assert that the Syrian people will not hesitate to resist the Turkish aggression," the statement underscored.
It recalled that "an unequal battle" in Afrin between the SDF's Kurdish detachments and "Turkish aggressors" had continued for almost two months.
© REUTERS/ Khalil Ashawi Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army fighters walk together after advancing north of Afrin, Syria March 17, 2018
"The SDF leadership decided to evacuate half a million Afrin residents, who could be subjected to violence by terrorists and mercenaries fighting on the side of the Turkish army," according to the statement.
The SDF has also pledged to do away with "Afrin's occupation so that civilians can return there."
The statement came a day after President Erdoğan claimed that the Turkish forces and the Free Syrian Army, an opposition group, had seized control of the de facto self-governing Kurdish enclave of Afrin in northern Syria's Aleppo Governorate.
READ MORE: Turkish Armed Forces Reportedly Lost Over 40 Servicemen Since Start of Afrin Op
Syria, for its part, reiterated its stance by describing Turkey's establishment of control over Afrin as a "criminal act" which Damascus said runs counter to the UN Charter and international law, according to Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA).
Turkey launched its Operation Olive Branch on January 20 in a bid to "clear" its Syrian border from fighters Ankara describes as terrorists.
The operation was harshly condemned by Damascus, which slammed it as a "violation of the country's sovereignty." Moscow, in turn, urged the parties to the conflict to respect Syria's integrity.
The Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) militia, linked to the SDF and the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), is blacklisted by Ankara as a terrorist organization.
Study on Ammonia Market by Infinium Global Research is comprehensive presentation of qualitative and quantitative research to identify key trends, growth prospects, drivers, restraints and opportunities in the Global market. The report also deep dives into the sub-segments of Ammonia Market by product form (powder, gas, liquid), application (textile, pharmaceuticals, refrigerants, fertilizers) through main geographies in the Global Market such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and RoW. Browse through over 100 tables and figures to get complete view of the global and regional markets of Ammonia over the period of 2017 to 2023. This report also provides the existing competitive scenario of some of the key players of the Global Ammonia Market which includes company profiling of Shanxi Jinfeng Coal Chem, China National Petroleum Corporation, China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, Rashtriya Chemicals &Fertilisers Ltd., Huaqiang Chemical Group, PotashCorp, CF Industries Holdings, Inc., BASF SE, and Yara International.According to report the global ammonia market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 5% over the forecast period of 2017 – 2023.
Segments Covered
The report on global ammonia market covers segments such as product form, and application. The product Form segments include powder, gas and liquid. On the basis of application the ammonia market is segmented as textile, pharmaceuticals, refrigerants, fertilizers, and others.
Geographic Coverage
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015 – 2023. The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia and among others. Moreover, European region covers countries such as Germany, UK, France, Spain, and rest of Europe. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017 – 2023.
Companies Profiled:
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global ammonia market such as, Shanxi Jinfeng Coal Chem, China National Petroleum Corporation, China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, Rashtriya Chemicals &Fertilisers Ltd., Huaqiang Chemical Group, PotashCorp, CF Industries Holdings, Inc., BASF SE, and Yara International.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the global ammonia market. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and DRO analysis of ammonia market.Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the ammonia market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. Additionally, the analysis highlights rise and fall in the market shares of the key players in the market. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers and distributors of the ammonia market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Get Sample copy of this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/1041
Table of Contents:
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Ammonia Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 IGR – Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5 Competitive Landscape in the Global Ammonia Market
4. Global Ammonia Market by Product Form 2017 – 2023
4.1 Powder
4.2 Gas
4.3 Liquid
5. Global Ammonia Market by Application 2017 – 2023
5.1 Textile
5.2 Pharmaceuticals
5.3 Refrigerants
5.4 Fertilizers
5.5 Others
6. Global Ammonia Market by Regions 2017 – 2023
6.1 North America
6.1.1 North America Ammonia Market by Product Form
6.1.2 North America Ammonia Market by Application
6.1.3 North America Ammonia Market by Country
6.2 Europe
6.2.1 Europe Ammonia Market by Product Form
6.2.2 Europe Ammonia Market by Application
6.2.3 Europe Ammonia Market by Country
6.3 Asia-Pacific
6.3.1 Asia-Pacific Ammonia Market by Product Form
6.3.2 Asia-Pacific Ammonia Market by Application
6.3.3 Asia-Pacific Ammonia Market by Country
6.4 RoW
6.4.1 RoW Ammonia Market by Product Form
6.4.2 RoW Ammonia Market by Application
6.4.3 RoW Ammonia Market by Sub-region
7. Companies Covered
7.1 Shanxi Jinfeng Coal Chem
7.2 China National Petroleum Corporation
7.3 China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation
7.4 Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilisers Ltd.
7.5 Huaqiang Chemical Group
7.6 PotashCorp
7.7 CF Industries Holdings, Inc.
7.8 BASF SE
7.9 Yara International
Browse Detailed Description and Company Mentioned in this Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/chemical_material/global_ammonia_market
Bureau of Meteorology Geraldton. Picture: The Geraldton Guardian, Gavin Box, The Geraldton Guardian
The top temperature in Geraldton today was 40.7 degrees at 1.24pm, according to the Bureau of Meteorology.
A duty observer at the bureau joked that a cool change had since arrived, with the temperature dropping to 37.7 degrees at 2.30pm.
Today was the second hottest day this month.
On March 13, the temperature reached 41.6 degrees.
Temperatures have reached 40 degrees or above on three days this month, compared to one day for March 2017.
The bureau is forecasting temperatures in the mid to low 30s for the next six days.
If you weren't entirely satisfied with the way things ended when The Vampire Diaries reached its series finale in March, then this little snapshot from Nina Dobrev makes for a nice alternative ending. The star of the CW series popped up on Instagram this weekend with a familiar face beside her: Paul Wesley, their longtime TVD co-star.
"NYC when it's snowing is full of serendipitous run ins and magical reunions," they wrote. "Like this one."
For those not in the know, The Vampire Diaries ended this year after eight seasons of immortal drama and romantic tension between Dobrev's character Elena, Stefan (played by Wesley) and Damon, played by Ian Somerhalder (with whom Dobrev also had an IRL romance for three years.)
Although Elena and Stefan were the original TVD OTP, the series ultimately signed off with a happy ending for Elena and Damon, while Stefan died heroically to save them both — a conclusion which most fans were okay with. But for die-hard Stelena shippers, this photo (and the accompanying mental image of Dobrev and Wesley frolicking hand-in-hand in a snow-draped cityscape) is probably as good as it gets when it comes to wish-fulfillment, so enjoy.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has been charged with animal cruelty and had their tiny puppy taken away after horrifying CCTV showed them attacking the dog.
Keevonna Wilson was about to take their Shih-Tzu puppy Chastity for a walk when they got into a lift at their block of flats.
As the lift door shuts, Ms Wilson, 24, launches an attack on the defenceless animal.
They repeatedly kick the dog after trapping them in a corner, before the lift door opens and they walk out with the little dog racing behind to catch up.
The incident happened in Miami, in the USA in September and the Miami-Dade Animal Services removed Chastity.
(Image: Miami-Dade Corrections)
Their veterinarian's examination notes say Chastity was frightened at first, then became “friendly and easy to examine”.
However the dog had “Contusions bilaterally in abdominal area, contusions bilaterally in pinnae, pain upon palpation of lumbar spine and abdomen”.
WPLG in Miami reported that Chastity was taken to a foster home.
Wilson was released on a $5,000 (about £3,800) bond.
Date Taken: 04.25.2018 Date Posted: 04.24.2018 20:47 Category: Newscasts Audio ID: 51848 Filename: 1804/DOD_105555920.mp3 Length: 00:02:00 Year 2018 Genre Newscast Location: JP
Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 High-Res. Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, 180425 - Radio Newscast, by SSgt Stacy Buckley, identified by DVIDS, must comply with the restrictions shown on https://www.dvidshub.net/about/copyright.
Radio personality Khanyi Mbau caused a huge Twitter uproar with the debut of their "pink" skin complexion on social media.
The local star has never shied away from the fact that they lighten their skin, however, this time Twitter users were in shock over how "pink" Khanyi looked.
The post has since gone viral and Khanyi has been one of the top trends on Twitter since Sunday evening.
Khanyi responded to the uproar then deleted a post stating that: "Twirra since 2005 and you are still on me.who I marry, what I drive, where I work, How I get my money now what colour I am!"
Twitter users wasting no time in making fun of their new skin complexion with social media being flooded with memes and jokes.
Kathmandu: The death toll triggered by floods in Nepal over the past three days has risen to 64, the Home Ministry said.
An official statement said at least 53 people had gone missing in various districts in the low-lying areas of Terai region, Xinhua news agency reports.
Floods and landslides have created havoc in Terai, with thousands of families displaced and huge loss of properties, livestock and crops.
Many cities in the region have been inundated, The Kathmandu Post reported.
Over a dozen districts in the plains have been badly affected, said the Ministry, adding over 35,000 houses have been inundated and 1,000 houses damaged.
Police and the armed forces have been active in relief operation since Saturday. But this has been hampered by unending rainfall.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 Minnesota 29 15 11 3 33 87 87 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 29 16 10 3 35 79 69 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Saturday's Games
St. Louis 6, Detroit 1
Edmonton 6, Montreal 2
Colorado 7, Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4, Winnipeg 3, OT
Columbus 1, Arizona 0
Boston 3, N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4, Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5, New Jersey 2
Vegas 5, Dallas 3
San Jose 5, Ottawa 0
Calgary 4, Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3, Carolina 2, OT
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota 4, San Jose 3, OT
Monday's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Washington at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Mumbai: Yash Raj Films' has announced the release date of their upcoming untitled thriller starring Hirthik Roshan and Tiger Shroff together for the first time. The actioner, which also stars Vaani Kapoor will hit the silverscreen next year.
The official Twitter handle of the reputed production house posted: “YRF's #HrithikVsTiger action extravaganza set to release on October 2, 2019! @iHrithik | @iTIGERSHROFF | @Vaaniofficial | #SiddharthAnand (sic).”
Directed by Siddharth Anand, the film will release on Gandhi Jayanti (October 2) 2019.
According to trade analyst Taran Adarsh, the film will see Hrithik playing the role of Tiger's mentor. The flick is expected to go on floors in August this year and will be wrapped up by February end in 2019.
Adarsh tweeted: “#BreakingNews: Yash Raj's Hrithik Roshan - Tiger Shroff - Vaani Kapoor starrer [not titled yet] to release on Wednesday, 2 Oct 2019 [Gandhi Jayanti]... Directed by Siddharth Anand... Produced by Aditya Chopra... It will be a 5-day extended weekend (sic).”
“More on Hrithik Roshan - Tiger Shroff - Vaani Kapoor starrer: Hrithik plays Tiger's guru in this thriller... Filming to begin in Aug 2018... Shooting will conclude by Feb-end 2019 (sic).”
#BreakingNews: Yash Raj's Hrithik Roshan - Tiger Shroff - Vaani Kapoor starrer [not titled yet] to release on Wednesday, 2 Oct 2019 [Gandhi Jayanti]... Directed by Siddharth Anand... Produced by Aditya Chopra... It will be a 5-day extended weekend. — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) 2 February 2018
More on Hrithik Roshan - Tiger Shroff - Vaani Kapoor starrer: Hrithik plays Tiger's guru in this thriller... Filming to begin in Aug 2018... Shooting will conclude by Feb-end 2019. — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) 2 February 2018
Expressing their excitement about working with Hrithik, their idol, Tiger while addressing reports during an awards event last year said, “I am most excited about working with them (Hrithik). I am so thankful that I got such an offer so early in my life.  They are my idol. Whatever I am today it is because of what I saw of them while growing up.”
“I will have to prepare a lot. They (Hrithik) is a very hard-working actor. So if they give 100 per cent, I will have to give my 200-300 per cent to match up to him. But I know I would never be able to match up to him,” they added.
(With PTI inputs)
A man was seriously injured after a rollover collision on the Trans-Canada Highway west of Sicamous on June 28.
At approximately 3:30 a.m. the Sicamous RCMP, Eagle Valley Rescue and BC Ambulance were called to a single-vehicle collision near the viewpoint rest stop west of Sicamous.
Related: Update: RCMP release details of head-on crash west of Sorrento
A westbound GMC pickup truck had had crossed the double-solid line and struck a rock wall on the opposite side of the highway before rolling back onto the highway and coming to rest on its side.
Related: Search and Rescue help Sicamous RCMP find assault suspect
The driver, a 28-year-old Fort St. John man was transported to Kamloops hospital with a serious injury to their arm; they were also charged with crossing a double solid line. According to the Sicamous RCMP weather at the time of the collision was clear and road conditions were excellent.
@SalmonArm
jim.elliot@saobserver.net
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
Leamington made a winning return to the National League North as they came from behind at Gainsborough Trinity thanks to a brace from Ahmed Obeng, writes Paul Edwards.
Paul Holleran handed debuts to Joe Clarke, Colby Bishop and Junior English, while former Brakes loanee Ashley Worsfold, who had a disappointing loan spell towards the end of the club's last stint in the National League North, was in the Trinity starting line-up.
Colby Bishop is sent tumbling.
Worsfold got in down the right to fire in a first-time cross and Breeden and Taundry both went for the ball, which spun dangerously into the air right in front of goal before Joe Clarke cleared.
Jordan Richards then struck a long-range effort over the bar and Tom Davie put in a timely block to deny Colby Bishop a sight of goal as the new-boy turned on a free-kick just inside the box.
Trinity were ahead with 18 minutes played.
Worsfold steamed clear down the right channel, and with only Breeden to beat they calmly steered their shot under the Brakes skipper with the outside of their right boot.
Joe Magunda gets an acrobatic effort all wrong.
Worsfold had the ball in the net again minutes later as they guided a left-wing cross home off the underside of the bar but the offside flag cut short their celebrations.
Leamington looked unsure of themselves in the opening stages but dragged themselves level in the 27th minute. Rob Thompson-Brown collected the ball in midfield from Callum Gittings' header and drove towards goal before slipping a pass to their right for Ahmed Obeng to drive low first-time across Richard Walton and into the bottom corner.
Brakes almost repeated the trick moments later from an identical position, Walton getting a hand to the ball as Junior English drove across goal. Bishop then twisted to head a cross into the keeper's arms.
Worsfold was proving to be a real handful for the hosts and almost had a hand in restoring Trinity's lead when Nathan Jarman beat Jamie Hood down the left before firing low into the six-yard box. Worsfold appeared to stab the ball just over the line before it was cleared by Connor Gudger but a foul was awarded.
Gittings and Craig King found themselves in the book following a spot of handbags when Obeng was fouled on the edge of the Leamington area and it proved the last real action of an entertaining and competitive first half.
Jarman's attempt to lob Breeden as the ball bounced off Hood's back was the closest either side came to goal in a scrappy opening to the second half, while Hood did well to head a dangerous free-kick from Alex Simmons behind for a corner as Gainsborough looked to seize the initiative.
Leamington forced their first corner of the game just prior to the hour but after several Gainsborough attempts to clear, Obeng's scuffed effort proved simple for Walton.
The livewire forward had a brilliant chance to double his, and Leamington's, tally for the afternoon when Bishop's header sent them scampering clear of the home defence but they hit their shot straight at Walton.
Worsfold got in behind the Leamington defence for the first time in the half as they beat both Hood and Clarke, but substitute Joe Magunda halted the striker with a solid block.
The comeback was complete in the 72nd minute when Obeng bagged their second of the game, pouncing on defensive hesitancy as two Trinity players collided to advance into the area before rounding Walton and slotting home from a tight angle.
The home support and their players were becoming frustrated and Walton almost presented Brakes with the chance of a third when they sliced a clearance straight to Thompson-Brown, who was unable to find Bishop with their cross.
They then held a superb left-wing cross from Gittings right in front of Bishop.
Richards put their laces through a decent effort following a half-cleared corner, but that was as close as Gainsborough came to a leveller as Leamington used their heads to see out the remaining moments of the game.
Paul Holleran was pleased to have got the new campaign off to a winning start, saying: “All wins are hard-earned in this league and away wins are even harder to come by, so to start with three points and the manner in which we won them, was fantastic.”
Gainsborough Trinity: Richard Walton, Charlie Gatter, Tom Davie, Shane Clarke (Jonathan Williams, 87), Michael Jacklin, Ioan Evans, Alex Simmons (Bradley Wells, 76), Jordan Richards, Nathan Jarman (Jonathan Wafula, 76), Ashley Worsfold, Craig King. Subs not used: Josh Lacey, Ellis Storey.
Brakes: Tony Breeden, Richard Taundry, Connor Gudger, Joe Clarke, Jamie Hood, James Mace (Joe Magunda, 44), Ahmed Obeng (Kurtis Revan, 90), Callum Gittings, Colby Bishop, Junior English, Rob Thompson-Brown. Subs not used: Liam Canavan, Stefan Moore, Tom James.
The Cayman Islands Monetary Authority warns the public after it discovers counterfeit money in Cayman.
CIMA said the RCIPS Financial Crimes Unit informed them that fake notes were found in $25 and $100 denominations.
The unit said if you are in possession of a counterfeit note or suspect one to be fake, take note of the person who passed it on to you.
Initial, date the note and tag it with the transaction receipt.
CIMA is advising people to remain vigilant as counterfeit activities increase during months leading up to Christmas holidays.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive order that seeks to make changes to a visa program that brings in high-skilled workers.
Trump is heading Tuesday to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where they plan to sign an order dubbed “Buy American, Hire American,” said administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity despite the president's frequent criticism of the use of anonymous sources.
The officials said the order, which Trump will sign at the headquarters of tool manufacturer Snap-on Inc., would direct the departments of Homeland Security, Justice, Labor and State to propose new rules to prevent immigration fraud and abuse. Those departments would also be asked to offer changes so that H-1B visas are awarded to the “most-skilled or highest-paid applicants.”
The White House said the program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages.
Advertisement
Administration officials said the order also seeks to strengthen requirements that American-made products be used in certain federal construction projects, as well as in various federal transportation grant-funded projects. The officials said the commerce secretary will review how to close loopholes in enforcing the existing rules and provide recommendations to the president.
The order specifically asks the secretary to review waivers of these rules that exist in free-trade agreements. The administration said that if the waivers are not benefiting the United States they will be “renegotiated or revoked.”
During their campaign, Trump said at some point that they supported high-skilled visas, then came out against them. At one debate, they called for fully ending the program, saying: “It's very bad for our workers and it's unfair for our workers. And we should end it.”
The officials said the changes could be administrative or legislative and could include higher fees for the visas, changing the wage scale for the program or other initiatives.
About 85,000 H-1B visas are distributed annually by lottery. Many go to technology companies, which argue that the United States has a shortage of skilled technology workers.
But critics say the program has been hijacked by staffing companies that use the visas to import foreigners — often from India — who will work for less than Americans. The staffing companies then sell their services to corporate clients who use them to outsource tech work.
Employers from Walt Disney World to the University of California in San Francisco have laid off their tech employees and replaced them with H-1B visa holders. Adding to the indignity: The U.S. workers are sometimes asked to train their replacements to qualify for severance packages.
On the planned order by Trump, Ronil Hira, a professor in public policy at Howard University and a critic of the H-1B program, said, “It's better than nothing.” But they added, “It's not as aggressive as it needs to be.”
The tech industry has argued that the H-1B program is needed because it encourages students to stay in the U.S. after getting degrees in high-tech specialties — and they can't always find enough American workers with the skills they need.
Congress is considering several bills to overhaul the visa program. One, introduced by Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin and Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, would require companies seeking H-1B visas to first make a good-faith effort to hire Americans, a requirement many companies can dodge under the current system; give the Labor Department more power to investigate and sanction H-1B abuses; and give “the best and brightest” foreign students studying in the U.S. priority in getting H-1B visas.
Trump's stop at the world headquarters of Snap-on Inc. would come as the president faces an approval rating of just 41 percent in Wisconsin, a state they barely won in November. The visit also would take them to the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan, who won't be joining the president because he's on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries.
Trump has traveled to promote their agenda less than their recent predecessors. White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump wanted to visit “a company that builds American-made tools with American workers.”
Trump carried Wisconsin in November by nearly 23,000 votes — less than 1 percentage point — making them the first Republican to win the state since 1984. They campaigned on the promise of returning manufacturing jobs that have been lost in Upper Midwest states.
Founded in Wisconsin in 1920, Snap-on makes hand and power tools, diagnostics software, information and management systems, and shop equipment for use in a variety of industries, including agriculture, the military and aviation. Its headquarters are in Kenosha and it has eight manufacturing sites in North America, including one in Milwaukee. The company employs about 11,000 people worldwide.
___
Associated Press writer Paul Wiseman contributed to this report.
Wayne State offers former students with debt — but no degree — a way back. Wayne State University has launched the Warrior Way Back program, a novel approach to re-engage students who left the university with debt and without a degree.
In creating a new approach to university debt forgiveness, the Warrior Way Back will allow returning students to complete their degrees, meet growing demand for an educated workforce and support Detroit's economic renaissance.
“This innovative approach exemplifies Wayne State's role as a leader in college access,” said WSU Provost Keith Whitfield. “No other school offers the level of support that we provide to students on the scale at which we do. In everything we do, we remain compassionate and committed to student success, making us the destination school for those who work hard to achieve more.”
The Warrior Way Back program offers former students with an outstanding balance of less than $1,500 to re-enroll and “learn” away their past debt and earn a college degree. Warrior Way Back students will reduce their past-due balances by one-third at the end of each successfully completed semester until the debt is eliminated. Upon re-enrolling, students will have access to a whole suite of robust services and resources designed to help them achieve, many of which are new or enhanced since their initial experience at Wayne State.
“We hope Wayne State's Warrior Way Back debt-forgiveness program will become a national model and revolutionize the widespread practice of account and transcript holds that have unnecessary punitive effects on low-income students and exacerbate racial education attainment disparities,” said Dawn Medley, associate vice president for enrollment management. “Many students are shut out of the path of higher education for small balances and never able to pursue their dream – we're excited to reopen that path.”
© 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David Mueller has been found guilty after Taylor Swift accused the DJ of groping them during a photo shoot.
The federal jury found that Mueller assaulted them by grabbing their bare bottom under their skirt while posing for a photo.
Jurors voted unanimously on the sixth day of the trial and ordered the fired radio host to pay the pop star a symbolic $1.
According to the Denver Channel, the singer hugged their lawyer and mum Andrea after the verdict was read.
(Image: Splash News)
It comes hours after lawyers summed up their case against the DJ.
The Blank Space star is said to have broke down in tears as their lawyer said that she'd taken the action on behalf of all women.
Them representative, Douglas Baldridge, told the court that the trial was intended to send the message that "no means no".
The star, 27, claims that Mueller, a Colorado radio host, grabbed their bottom while they were posing together for a photograph at a meet and greet event after their concert in Denver in 2013.
(Image: Splash News)
They went on to lose their job after they told the story and they sued them for $3 million in lost earnings.
However, they countersued for the symbolic amount of $1, saying their actions were on behalf of other victims.
And at the end of a six-day trial, Mr Baldridge described the DJ as an "aggressor".
The lawyer said: "Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?"
They then asked that members of the jury "return a verdict for a single dollar, a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation".
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Twitter)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mueller's lawyer, Gabriel McFarland, questioned the photograph of their client with the star during the trial.
They asked if Taylor's smiling face was one of someone who was upset.
"Look at Ms Swift's face. Is that the face of someone who's in shock, who is upset?" they said.
They added that their client was not the type of man who would commit such an act.
They said: "That's not the type of guy who grabs or gropes a superstar, apparently out of the blue."
Nationals Parliamentary Secretary for Northern NSW Ben Franklin, Mayor of Ballina Council David Wright and Bob Higgins from Roads and Maritime Services viewing the new koala hot spot signs.
Nationals Parliamentary Secretary for Northern NSW Ben Franklin, Mayor of Ballina Council David Wright and Bob Higgins from Roads and Maritime Services viewing the new koala hot spot signs. Contributed
KOALAS are definitely the hot topic of conversation at the moment with the Greens wanting to stop highway construction for them and now the Nationals weighing in with new hot spot signs.
New flashing signs on the Pacific Highway at Wardell south of Ballina will alert drivers to koala 'hot spots' in the area.
Federal Member for Page Kevin Hogan said 13 of the new signs had been permanently installed to make sure motorists slow down and watch out for koalas on the highway.
"The upgrade is already cutting travel times and freight costs, and saving the lives of drivers - and these signs will help protect the lives of koalas as well,” they said.
New South Wales Minister for Roads, Maritime and Freight Melinda Pavey said the signs were a key part of Roads and Maritime Services' Koala Management Plan, which aims to eliminate koala deaths on the Pacific Highway.
"Six of the signs, which are activated by approaching vehicles, have amber flashing lights in the top corners as well as 'slow down' in white lights at the bottom,” Mrs Pavey said.
New South Wales Parliamentary Secretary for Northern NSW Ben Franklin said about 110 hectares, equating to 80,000 koala food trees, had so far been planted and there were plans to plant another 20 hectares as part of the Woolgoolga to Ballina upgrade.
"About 16 kilometres of the new highway is also being fully fenced between Richmond River and Coolgardie Road,” Mr Franklin said.
The project team will install 26 wildlife crossings in the area, which equates to about one crossing every 500 metres. More information and updates about the Koala Management Plan are available on the Roads and Maritime Services website at rms.nsw.gov.au/W2B.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We are, to some extent, in the age of the super-amateur — the epoch of sustained amateur brilliance followed by an immediate assault on world titles as a pro.
WBO super featherweight champion Vasyl Lomachenko has had only ten pro bouts. They challenged for the title in their second paid fight, and won it in their third.
In December, they defend their crown against Cuban Guillermo Rigondeaux, who won the WBA super bantamweight belt in their ninth fight.
Lomachenko, a double Olympic and World gold medalist across three weight divisions, fought 398 times as an amateur and got beaten only once.
Rigondeaux, also a double Olympic and World gold medalist, racked up 475 amateur bouts losing only a dozen.
(Image: Getty)
Not everybody can do this, of course. Some can't transition so spectacularly.
I am not claiming Andrew Selby is in that class of superstar, but they are some talent and tops the bill at the York Hall on Saturday night against Maximino Flores in a fight that will be broadcast live on Channel 5.
Selby has had only nine pro bouts, and won five of them by KO.
At flyweight, that is an excellent ratio — knockout power tends to be harder to generate in the lighter divisions.
Selby is a stylist, quick and aggressive with fast hands and feet and almost impossible to hit — as we used to say in the old days, you couldn't hit them with a handful of rice.
I don't know whether they will replicate what their brother, Lee, did in winning a world title, but I believe they are good enough to challenge for one next year.
That's the game we are in.
(Image: Action Images)
I had 125 amateur fights. Though I was a banger and more suited to the pro game, I can see how I might have been persuaded to delay turning over in this era.
Amateur boxers are better prepared than ever, properly funded, professional in all but name. Who wouldn't want the glory of two Olympic golds around their necks if it were possible to accomplish professional goals later.
Lomachenko and Rigondeaux arrived in the professional ranks with glittering reputations and price-tags to match. To them, it made sense to make their name as amateurs before cashing in as pros.
Andrew Selby was also a stellar amateur, winning double flyweight gold at the European Championships and bronze and silver at the Worlds in career spanning more than 200 bouts.
They went to the London Olympics in 2012 as the no.1 ranked amateur in the world at flyweight, but lost to the eventual gold medalist in the quarters.
(Image: Getty)
You don't get a second chance at the Olympics.
Hopefully they won't need one as a pro.
Tune in on Saturday night — it's going to be exciting.
Follow Barry on Twitter @ClonesCyclone
Teacher Teresa Danks who has panhandled for classroom supplies in Tulsa, attended a school supply drive event held by Judge Sergio de Leon and UEA on Thursday, September 28, 2017. Joyce Marshall jlmarshall@star-telegram
While a majority of Canadians say they don't care about a politician being a visible minority when voting for the country's leader, a new Angus Reid poll suggests about three-in-ten voters also say being a practising Sikh might hurt new NDP leader Jagmeet Singh's chances in an election.
The study looked to gauge how Canadians feel when it comes to voting for the new federal NDP leader based on their religion and visible characteristics as a Sikh man.
Singh won the federal New Democratic Party leadership in September, becoming the first visible minority to lead a major Canadian political party. They won without holding a seat in the House.
On voting for a visibly looking Sikh man
Of about 1,400 people surveyed, seven-in-ten Canadians out of B.C., Alberta and Ontario responded to the poll saying they themselves would consider voting for a national party leader who wears a turban and carries a kirpan.
Respondants out of Quebec showed the greatest hesitancy in voting for a Sikh man, with about half saying they wouldn't vote for such a person, regardless of their policies.
READ MORE: Jagmeet Singh chosen as new leader of federal NDP
READ MORE: MP Nathan Cullen endorses Singh in NDP bid
Broken down by age, almost 40 per cent of those aged 55 and older said they couldn't support such a leadership, as well as 40 per cent of Conservative Party supporters.
The survey also touched on perceptions Canadians as a whole feel towards a Sikh prime minister.
Asked to think about how their close friends and family members would vote, half said either “most” or “some” of the people in their lives wouldn't favour a visible minority leader. When asked about “society as a whole,” respondents said they suspect 80 per cent would not show their support in the voting booth.
On if religion will get in the way for voters
Visible aspects aside, when asked if Singh's religion will hurt the NDP's electoral chances, 54 per cent of respondents said it would.
The pushback was found to be strongest in Quebec, where debates over public officials wearing religious symbols and accommodating religious minorities are part of both recent history and an ongoing political process.
Two-thirds of that province agree with the statement about Singh's religion hurting their party's electoral standing. Atlantic Canada is the only other region where more than 50 per cent agree.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Starsbourg, July 4 - Economy Minister Giovanni Tria has issued an assurance on the euro but the European Commission will have to wait and see on the budget, Economic Affairs Commissioner Pierre Moscovici said Wednesday. "In October the countries will send their plans and then we will comment, they said. "Tria assured me of (Italy's) attachment to the euro and the common values in which Italy plays a role," said the commissioner. "I have a legitimate interlocutor and it is Minister Tria I'll see in a few days at the G30 in Buenos Aires. "Therefore we'll keep calm, be patient, have a spirit of common work, and there's the rendezvous on October 15".
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A thug has been jailed for smashing a pint glass over X Factor winner James Arthur's head after the singer had a fling with their former girlfriend.
The unprovoked attack by jealous ex-lover Christopher Revell, 31, took place in The Plimsoll Line pub, Redcar, as the star was out drinking with friends.
Revell ran towards the former X-Factor winner from behind, smashing the glass on their head, followed up by a punch before they were dragged off.
Arthur, who was taken to hospital and needed five staples in their head, had reportedly had a one-night stand with Gemma Iveson after they had broken up with Revell.
(Photo: Getty)
Earlier in the evening of August 20, Ms Iveson had taken a selfie with 28-year-old Arthur and then shown it to Revell.
Prosecutor Nick Dry said: "James Arthur and their group were walking towards the beer garden when without warning or provocation Mr Revell smashed a glass forcibly on the back of their head.
(Photo: Evening Gazette)
"As they stumbled forward from the incident the defendant followed up with a punch."
They told Teesside Crown Court that Revell, a former cable fitter from Redcar, had initially denied using a glass after they were arrested.
"He claimed they had attacked them because they had slept with an ex-girlfriend some time ago," they said.
"He said they had lost it and whacked them as hard as they could.
"He denied using a glass and said they had gone into a rage when Arthur smirked at him."
The court heard that the couple had broken up and then got back together, but after doing so the defendant found text messages on their phone relating to the fling with Arthur.
Mr Dry said Revell had 12 previous convictions, including battery and assault.
In a statement read out in court, Arthur claimed they initially feared the injuries would affect their music career and said they felt nervous to visit friends and family in their home town.
Andrew Turton, defending, said their client had lost their home and their job working offshore as a result of the attack.
"The defendant was in a previous relationship with a local woman and there was a fallout between the two," they said.
"The relationship resumed but it became apparent from text messages on their phone that there had been an encounter with James Arthur which sounded the death knell for the relationship."
Sentencing Revell to five-and-a-half years in prison after they pleaded guilty, Judge Tony Briggs said the attack had left Arthur with a "nasty gash on their head".
"It's clear from your record that you are someone who has difficulty controlling your temper," they said.
"You went after James Arthur and attacked them from behind forcefully with a glass you had in your hand and followed it up with a punch."
(Photo: Gazette Live)
They said Revell met their former partner that night, the now-famous James Arthur was in the pub and they showed Revell a selfie they had taken with him.
After being arrested Revell claimed they hit Mr Arthur because the singer had slept with their girlfriend some time ago.
They said they had “lost it and whacked them as hard as they could”, but denied using a glass.
They claimed they had gone into a rage when Mr Arthur smirked at him.
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Tuesday expressed dissappointment over Centre's decision to approach company law tribunal National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) over the Unitech case.
SC said that the Centre should have taken prior permission from the apex court when it was already dealing with the case. Centre has sought time till Wednesday to respond to it.
The Supreme Court was hearing the appeal of Unitech Limited challenging the recent order of the company law tribunal allowing the Centre to take over its management.
Unitech said that SC had given time to Sanjay Chandra to negotiate from jail to sell assets to generate money for refund to home buyers and yet Centre breached discipline to go before NCLT.
The NCLT , on December 8, had suspended all the eight directors of the realty firm over allegations of mismanagement and siphoning of funds and had authorised the Centre to appoint its 10 nominees on the board.
The NCLT order had come after the Centre moved the panel with a view to protect the interest of nearly 20,000 home buyers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been charged with murdering a mum and their 11-year-old daughter.
Christopher Boon, 28, has been charged with the murder of Laura Mortimer, 31, and their daughter Ella Dalby after they were found dead at a house in Gloucester on Monday.
Gloucestershire Police were called to the house at 4.50am on the Bank Holiday.
Wedding planner Ms Mortimer and their daughter, a Year 7 pupil at Barnwood Park School, Gloucester, were declared dead a short time later and a double murder investigation was launched.
Floral tributes have been left to Ella and their mum outside the house since police cordons were removed.
(Image: Gloucestershire Police family collect)
(Image: Facebook)
Ms Mortimer's mother wrote: "To my very beautiful daughter Laura and beautiful granddaughter Ella.
"You will always be in my heart and be loved and missed very much. Lots of love, sleep tight, Mum and Hen."
Ms Mortimer's sister wrote: "To my amazing, beautiful sister Laura and niece Ella. Words can't explain how I feel, I'm broken.
"Love you to the moon and back, love Jo, Jon, Riley and Haleigh. Sleep tight baby girls."
Ms Mortimer ran their own business, Sweet Beginnings, offering bespoke bridal gowns and wedding planning services.
(Image: Gloucestershire LIve WS)
Sarah Tufnell, the head of Barnwood Park Arts College where Ella was a pupil, said: "Our thoughts and prayers are with Ella's family and friends at this time and we will do all we can to support them and Ella's many friends in school in the weeks and months ahead.
"Barnwood Park is a small and tightly knit school, and Ella was involved enthusiastically in our school life, having a particular passion for dance.
"She also helped recently with their form's contribution for our school cultural day. They will be deeply missed by us all."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Doctor Foster actor Sara Stewart has told how a family friend tried to sexually abuse them when they were a child.
The star, 51, spoke out in support of the #MeToo campaign as they revealed their ordeal at the age of 12.
Sara said: “We had a guest staying who tried to persuade me to go into my mother's bedroom with him.
“He was quite persistent about it, slobbering all over me and groping me.
“When I told my mother, the reaction was, ‘He didn't hurt you did he? Don't tell your dad, they wouldn't understand'.
“He was a family friend and continued to be a family friend. We all sat around the dinner table that night.”
(Image: PA)
Edinburgh-born Sara, who played Susie Parks in hit BBC drama Doctor Foster, also said a man tried to grab them off the street six months before that incident.
They continued: “He exposed themselves to me and then they picked me up off the ground with their hand between my legs and started to drag me off. They were reported to the police.”
The actor said it affected their future dealings with men, explaining: “I was deeply suspicious of men and I would make sure I wasn't left on my own with one.”
Sara is currently starring in play Collective Rage at Southwark Playhouse, London, until February 17.
They said: “It's a celebration of women's sexuality.
“I get to kiss a beautiful woman for the first time.”
Share. Boruto and co. channel their in Yu-Gi-Oh. Boruto and co. channel their in Yu-Gi-Oh.
After last week's kidnapping it appeared that the conflict between the Leaf and the Mist was ready to come to a head, but this week's episode decides to take things slow with a minor battle and a major story dump about Mist swordsman in training Kagura. These story revelations have big implications for the future of this field trip, but long-winded scenes result in a slow-moving episode that unfortunately leaves all the action for next week.
Having just learned of Denki's kidnapping, we find our heroes staring at the ransom note scrawled in blood on their hotel window. Hoping to resolve the issue without adult assistance, the Leaf ninjas recruit Kagura to their cause and set off to rescue Denki. When they encounter the Mist ninjas at the docks, I was expecting an epic showdown, but the reality is a disappointing montage of the Leaf ninjas lazily dispatching the Mist punks. Even their leader Hachiya can't do much, and spends more time goading Kagura about their past than they do fighting him, only to be sent packing in embarrassing fashion yet again.
Although the anti-climactic encounter doesn't offer much in the way of entertainment it does raise some questions about Kagura's past, which Boruto and co. can't help but bring up during their post-victory celebration. As the boys bond over a game of “Shinobi Bout,” Kagura reveals that they are the grandson of the Fourth Mizukage Yagura (shocker!), and explains their complicated history of violence. Kagura's backstory is interesting, but the 10-minute sequence detailing it felt like overkill. The previous episodes had already heavily alluded at most of this information, and I feel like the episode's time could have been more evenly split between the battle and backstory with better results. Still, it was nice to see the normally uptight Kagura take some time to relax with their new friends.
Even though the long card game scene takes up much of the runtime, the episode still manages to fit in two short scenes with some very important information. The first is a dinner scene featuring Shino, Anko, and the Fifth Mizukage Mei. They are having a somber conversation about peace treaties between the various countries surrounding the Middle Sea, revealing that there may have been ulterior motives behind this field trip to the Mist.
The second – and final scene of the episode – features Hachiya once again reporting back to their mysterious leader, Shizuma, who we learn is a member of former Seven Swordsmen Kisame's Hoshigaki clan. It is possible that Shizuma hopes to follow in Kisame's footsteps, which would explain their passion for the Mist's violent past and interest in Seven Swordsman candidate Kagura. We will have to wait and see exactly what they are after, but no doubt this revelation has made this conflict much more interesting.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Only one in 10 employees now wears a suit to work, according to a study.
Researchers who polled 2,000 workers found the modern British office is more likely to be staffed by professional gentlemen dressed in jeans or chinos, long-sleeved button shirts and a smart blazer or jacket with a pair of loafers or smart trainers.
It also emerged seven out of 10 dress casually for work because it makes them feel more comfortable.
And more than one fifth said they felt more able to express their personality.
Over half of workers believe a casual dress code is more affordable and takes less upkeep, whilst one in four said it takes the pressure off having to look good all the time.
Forty three per cent of workers believes the business suit no longer has a place in the office and if they saw a colleague wearing a suit to work they would stick out like a sore thumb.
(Image: Getty)
Since the 19th century, the staple lounge suit has been classed by workers as the dress code for success and power, when city streets and public transport was awash with smartly dressed workers in power suits.
Buy nowadays, more than three quarters of British workers dress down for work with casual Friday happening every day.
Travelodge, which operates 559 hotels and annually looks after around 10 million business customers surveyed 2,000 British workers to investigate the modern office dress code - after hotel managers reported a decline in the number of ties, cufflinks, tie pins and suits being left behind.
Professor Karen Pine, psychologist at Hertfordshire University, said: “Over the last three decades, we have experienced a big movement in the workplace, where traditions and protocols have fallen enormously.
“The biggest changes have included the decline of the hierarchy, the boss being less of an authoritarian figure and more of a coach, all colleagues being called by their first name and the biggest change, the transition from a formal dress code to a casual one.
“Having a dress-down Friday every day enables workers to be independent, and showcase their personality and attributes by how they dress rather than the position they hold, which leads to stronger bonds between co-workers and removes barriers, enabling everyone to get on with their jobs.”
(Image: Getty)
While there has been a more dramatic shift in male work attire, women have adapted their look too amid the trend for casual work clothes.
There was a time when women would have worn shoulder-pad power suits not for power but in order to fit into the boy's club and be ‘taken seriously.'
The work wardrobe would have consisted of a slightly below-the-knee skirt suit, preferably in grey or dark blue, with a white blouse, a scarf tie and high heels.
But women are now more likely to wear skinny jeans, a smart jacket, a t-shirt or top and sneakers or flat shoes.
Professor Pine added: “Interestingly, women have probably benefited from this movement more than men.
"In the past, women had to dress like men to reach senior positions in the workplace.
“Now they can dress as they like and assert their individuality through their work attire, without fear of bumping up against the glass ceiling.”
When quizzed about dying work fashion trends, 42 per cent of workers believes the tie has fallen out of favour.
(Image: Getty)
One in seven workers think the tie, which has been around since the Roman times, died a death as a piece of office attire in the 2010s, while tie-clips fell out of favour in the late 80s.
Two thirds of workers think high-waisted trousers would look out of place in the office these days.
And only a quarter of adults think trouser braces would blend in in a modern workplace, with three in five admitting they would scoff at a colleague in a waistcoat.
For men, a traditional shirt, a smart jacket and a pair of formal shoes have survived as office dress in the work place over the last three decades and for women, high heels, a black blazer and blouse, are also items that have remained as staples of the work wear wardrobe.
Respondents were also asked which business figures have influenced the change in work attire over the years.
Virgin founder, Sir Richard Branson, took the top spot as the smart casual style guru.
Branson, now 67, famously ditched a suit and tie in the mid-nineties in favour of an open-neck shirt and a pair of Levi's jeans.
In second place was Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, with their “stylised blandness” of casual grey t-shirt and jeans.
They famously said that by wearing the same outfit each day, they had much more time to think about more important matters.
(Image: PA)
Iconic fashion designer, Donna Karan, who built their company around their smart casual ‘Essentials' women clothing line claims fourth position.
In fifth place is businesswoman Whitney Wolfe, founder of dating app Bumble, who is famous for attending meetings in a blazer, jeans and flat shoes.
Shakila Ahmed, Travelodge spokesperson said: “As the UK's first budget hotel brand, over the last three decades our hotel teams across our 559 hotels have reported a decline in the number of business customers checking in kitted out in a traditional three piece business suit.
“Also we have seen a rapid decline in the number of ties, cufflinks, tie pins and suits being left behind at our hotels.
"There was a time when we could have tied all the ties left behind our hotels to cover the length of the UK.
“Today's modern business travellers have adopted a smarter, comfortable, casual look and are travelling with fewer items of clothing with them.”
Top five items men would not wear in the modern workplace
Tie Trouser braces Waistcoat High-waisted trousers Pocket square
Top five items women would not wear in the modern workplace
A skirt suit Shoulder pads A Pinafore Hair bow Mary Jane shoes
Top ten business fashion influencers
New York Islanders goaltender Jaroslav Halak (41) of Slovakia reacts as Carolina Hurricanes left wing Jeff Skinner (53) celebrates after Hurricanes defenseman Jaccob Slavin, not shown, scored a goal during the first period of an NHL hockey game in New York, Sunday, March 18, 2018. New York Islanders defenseman Nick Leddy (2) watches, at right. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens)
New York Islanders goaltender Jaroslav Halak (41) of Slovakia reacts as Carolina Hurricanes left wing Jeff Skinner (53) celebrates after Hurricanes defenseman Jaccob Slavin, not shown, scored a goal during the first period of an NHL hockey game in New York, Sunday, March 18, 2018. New York Islanders defenseman Nick Leddy (2) watches, at right. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens)
NEW YORK (AP) - The Carolina Hurricanes simply outplayed the New York Islanders in a matchup of teams headed for a spring without playoff games.
Trevor van Riemsdyk scored the go-ahead goal late in the third period and Scott Darling made 26 saves as the Hurricanes beat the reeling Islanders 4-3 Sunday.
Van Riemsdyk's second goal of the season came on a long slap shot with 6:49 remaining to help snap Carolina's three-game losing streak and continue the late season swoon by the Islanders, who have just one win their last 12 games.
Jaccob Slavin, Lee Stempniak and Victor Rask also scored for the Hurricanes.
"Our group has mental toughness," Hurricanes coach Bill Peters said. "We were real good 5-on-5. It was a good team win."
Anders Lee scored twice and Josh Bailey had a goal and an assist for New York. John Tavares had three assists and Jaroslav Halak finished with 35 saves.
Rask's goal with just under six minutes remaining in the middle period gave Carolina a 3-2 lead heading, before Lee tied it on the power play at 8:05 of the third with their second of the game and career-high 35th of the season.
Lee took little solace in their personal achievement as their team faces another spring without the postseason.
The Islanders are 1-7-4 in their last 12 games. They will almost certainly miss the playoffs for the second straight year after appearing three times in four years.
"It's painful because we work extremely hard and we don't have much to show for it," Lee said. "That's why this is so frustrating."
The free-falling Islanders came out with virtually no energy and the Hurricanes notched two quick goals. Slavin opened the scoring at 2:50 when their shot from the point found its way through traffic and past Halak.
Stempniak, playing in their 900th NHL game, made it 2-0 at 4:44 with an unassisted goal from the high slot, their third of the season.
Bailey narrowed the deficit to 2-1 at 10:49 of the second, tipping a shot by defenseman Ryan Pulock past Darling. It was Bailey's 18th goal this season.
Lee tied the score at 2, knocking in a rebound on the power play at 12:22 of the second. Tavares and rookie Mathew Barzal assisted. Barzal, who leads all rookies with 73 points, has 54 assists.
Carolina outshot the Islanders 13-6 in the first period and 17-11 in the second before a quiet late-afternoon crowd of 10,688 at Barclays Center. The Islanders are last in the league in average attendance with just over 12,000 fans per game.
The Islanders announced in late January they would split games between their former home - Nassau Coliseum - and Brooklyn for the next three seasons before moving into a yet-to-built arena at Belmont Park in 2021.
But they have struggled at home this calendar year, going 4-11-1 over their last 16 games at Barclays Center after as 12-3-3 start on home ice.
Despite their team's poor results, Islanders coach Doug Weight continued to look for positives as their first full season as coach winds down.
"We fought to tie the game but they got the fourth one and we couldn't tie it," they said. "They came out hard but we had some good opportunities. We battled back."
The Hurricanes have also slumped in recent weeks to again fall from the playoff chase in the Eastern Conference. Carolina hasn't reached the postseason since 2009. They came into Sunday's contest 3-9-2 over their previous 14 games.
The Islanders were coming off back-to-back losses in a home-and-home set with Washington. They started the game with Tavares unusually on left wing with Barzal at center and Jordan Eberle on right wing.
But following Carolina's two quick strikes, Tavares were reunited with their wingers Lee and Bailey. Tavares' status is one of many clouds hanging over the Islanders since the 27-year-old captain could become an unrestricted free agent this July and could leave the franchise with no return.
NOTES: The Islanders scratched D Dennis Seidenberg and D Brandon Davidson, along with F Ross Johnston. ... Carolina scratched D Noah Hanifin because of an upper body injury. ... Carolina improved to 8-3-3 in their last 14 games against Islanders and the Hurricanes are 24-9-7 since the start of the 2008-09 season against New York. ... Lee's tying goal in the third came about 40 seconds after Carolina forward Sebastian Aho was whistled for hooking Islanders defenseman Sebastian Aho.
UP NEXT
Islanders: Host Pittsburgh on Tuesday night.
Hurricanes: Host Edmonton on Tuesday night.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drama hit a street near Cambridge after a neighbour stepped in when they saw burglars smashing the door of a house.
The incident happened in Narrow Close, Histon and triggered the neighbour to take action against the gang of three men trying to burgle a home.
They had parked their car on the driveway of the house and jumped over a fence before forcing in a side door.
It was at that point a neighbour rushed out and attempted to stop the burglars making their escape and the criminals crashed into their car as they fled.
The attempted burglary happened at 3.25pm on March 16 and police have now appealed for information.
A police spokesperson said: "A white Ford Fiesta parked up on the driveway of a house and three males exited the vehicle and jumped over the fence.
"The side door to the house was smashed and the offenders were disturbed by neighbours. The offenders escaped the scene in their vehicle causing damage to neighbours' vehicles who were trying to stop them."
Officers haver issued a description of the men.
They're all white and one was wearing a black hoodie, black tracksuit, black snood and a black baseball cap
The second man was wearing a grey hoodie, grey tracksuit and a black snood and the third man was wearing a black hoodie, black tracksuit and black snood.
The appeal comes from the Histon Neighbourhood Policing Team who are also hunting two men who used a crowbar to make threats after being caught red-handed attempting to steal a classic car on March 16 at 8.20pm in Church Street, Willingham.
(Image: Google)
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
A police spokesperson said: "Two males attempted to remove a steering lock and wheel clamp from a classic Morris pick-up vehicle.
"The males were disturbed and brandished crowbars in a threatening manner. The males then ran from the scene and made off in a gold coloured saloon vehicle."
Anyone with information regarding these incidents should call police on 101 or visit www.cambs.police.uk/report.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555111 or via www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers Pause
0:43 RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll
1:27 Bowie QB airs out Sam Houston
0:16 RAW: Richland receiver or Birdville defender. Who gets the jump ball?
0:31 RAW: Trinity clawing back into contention against Southlake
0:21 RAW: Mansfield football's UCLA recruit 'introduces himself' to Arlington receiver
2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments
0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards
0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star
Woman dies as their car blows up in horrific petrol
'Tears of blood' coming from statue, say worshipp
Woman attacked by owl in middle of the street
Stag do 'rows to Prague' and has airport in stitc
On the hunt for Disney World's killer alligator w
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A terrified family were horrified when they thought a burglar was breaking into their home - but it was a nine-foot alligator which had managed to climb the stairs.
The giant beast had managed to climb 15-foot stairs to the second floor porch of the family home and squeezed its way through the screen door.
Susie and Steve Polston, along with their 16-year-old son, found the huge alligator snapping its jaws between a sofa and a swinging bench, reports the Daily Mail .
The family cowered in a bedroom but when their teenage son sneaked a look outside the room, the crocodile had overturned furniture and was prowling around.
Susie told the Post and Courier: "It was just surreal, it was so bizarre."
(Photo: Susie Polston)
(Photo: Susie Polston)
(Photo: Susie Polston)
The family contacted a animal control company but as they waited for experts to arrive, the beast, which is thought to be about 60, became increasingly aggressive.
It is thought the animal was frustrated that a new fence meant they couldn't get into a new mating pool.
Despite the law stating a trapped alligator should be killed, the family pleaded with animal control not to end its life and opted instead to wait out their ordeal.
The alligator did eventually have to be put down.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Christmas films are seldom critically acclaimed or Oscar winners - but with cartoon reindeers and real-life elves, they are always blooming good fun for all of the family.
From the childhood classics you loved that make a welcome reappearance every year right up to the newer, more slick productions with bags of wit, there's something for everyone who wants their heart warming come Yuletide.
Whether your idea of a yo-ho-ho hit is a black and white classic or a wise-cracking animation, there is something for everyone.
So here's our hit list of 20 festive films to suit your taste - whether you're looking for titters or tears.
Elf
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The 2003 smash hit has become a modern classic as viewers can't get enough of funnyman Will Ferrell's antics as a human raised as an obstreperous elf who finally meets their real-life dad - played by a truculent James Caan.
Best for: Getting you in the Christmas mood
It's a Wonderful Life
A box office bomb when it was released in 1946, this James Stewart movie is now a classic, featuring festive themes such as bankruptcy, sibling death and suicidal thoughts.
Best for: Being knowingly sentimental but wonderful all the same
The Santa Clause
Back in the 1990s, Tim Allen was a TV legend, and in this hilarious 1994 take on a festive fantasy, he's playing up to the camera as the dad who accidentally becomes Santa.
Best for: Family giggles - because everyone knows he's not the real Santa
Love Actually
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
You're either for Richard Curtis' schmaltzy 2003 take on the Brit Christmas or you ain't - but the star power of this hit includes Keira Knightley, Bill Nighy, Liam Neeson, Andrew Lincoln, Martine McCutcheon, Hugh Grant, Alan Rickman, Emma Thompson... the list is long and distinguished.
Best for: Swooning at Andrew Lincoln pre-Walking Dead
The Holiday
(Image: Rex)
Talking of star power, Kate Winslet, Jack Black, Jude Law and Cameron Diaz definitely bring more style than substance to this 2006 romcom that's one for the lovers.
Best for: Winslet's improbable quaint cottage buried in white, clean snow in the British countryside
Polar Express
(Image: Warner Bros)
Hailed at the time for its animation, the 2004 film featuring Tom Hanks' voice hasn't worn brilliantly, but the spirit of a child's belief in Christmas is still strong.
Best for: Building up the Christmas Eve giddiness among little ones
Die Hard
In the 1980s, Bruce Willis was lord of the screen, even when it came to Christmas. So in 1988, people were more interested in their beefy cop John McClane saving the Nakatomi Plaza from the late Alan Rickman than a man in a white beard coming down the chimney.
Best for: "Yippee ki-yay..." you know the rest
Holiday Inn
Classic Hollywood was seldom more glamorous than when it brought together Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire in 1942 and paired them with a gorgeous Irving Berlin soundtrack.
Best for: The original home of White Christmas, the daddy of all Christmas songs
The Muppet Christmas Carol
(Image: Everett/REX/Shutterstock)
This puppet rendering from 1992 is one of many taking Dickens' story as its source, but it's one of the funniest, with Michael Caine the crochety Ebeneezer who manages to play it straight.
Best for: Rizzo's 'light the lamp not the rat' is an unlikely Christmas catchphrase
Miracle on 34th Street
Various versions of this have surfaced - in 1947, 1955 and 1994 - but the central theme is the same. Tough consumer business mum has their belief in Father Christmas reinvigorated, everyone smiles.
Best for: Using God's 'existence' to prove that Santa Claus is also real in a court of law
Scrooged
(Image: Rex)
It's another Christmas Carol-themed flick, but strictly for the grown ups, as Bill Murray's selfish, cynical TV exec was haunted by three spirits and even learned something in 1988.
Best for: The gross visitation of the skeleton ghost of a former mentor
The Snowman
Aled Jones' voice famously doesn't appear in the film, but the British classic is perfect anyway thanks to Raymond Brigg's moving pictures.
Best for: Learning that beautiful things don't have to last forever to change your life
How the Grinch Stole Christmas
(Image: Rex)
Jim Carrey took on Dr Seuss' most grim of characters for a really sweet 2000 film with some nightmarish scenes and a lot of rhyming.
Best for: The Grinch's poor put-upon dog, Max, being dragged into all of their negative schemes
Home Alone
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Catapulting Macauley Culkin to fame, this John Hughes 1990 family favourite shows the power of a kid who feels threatened by burglars - and there are no adults to help.
Best for: Realising how young the star looks when they slap their cheeks with their dad's aftershave in that famous stance
Gremlins
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Those creepy, gross little creatures might not make you feel festive, but you'll never forget how Phoebe Cates' dad died thanks to their gruesome tale in 1984.
Best for: It's all about poor little Gizmo and their overwhelming guilt
Bad Santa
(Image: Allstar)
Another grown-up Christmas hit, with Billy Bob Thornton the disgusting Father Christmas who picks up groupies and sponges off naive children.
Best for: Gilmore Girls fans seeing Lorelai in a whole new light
Frozen
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
At the other end of the scale, Elsa's adventures with their sister Ana and an array of festive friends was a smash for Disney and is still kid-friendly in the extreme.
Best for: If you must play Let It Go, turn it up to 11 and belt it out Mariah-style.
Netflix
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Netflix is well prepared for Christmas and adding a whole host of different movies and TV shows to watch over the festive period.
Classics such as Jingle All the Way and Deck the Halls are included in their selection. But for the full list, check this link to Netflix Christmas movies and find out when everything will be added.
The Problem With Fragrance
Smelly Bathrooms and Offices
Sources
Fragrance sales, largely composed of human-made chemicals are a $10 billion dollar a year industry. Fragrance can be made of thousands of compounds, most of which are synthetic, and many proven to harm human health. According to a recent survey, one in four are now sensitive to everyday chemicals found in products like deodorants and air fresheners.Fragrances are found in practically everything. The FDA requires that ingredients are listed on their products,. This unknown fragrance mixture can contain potentially hundreds of toxic volatile organic compounds, some of which have been shown to cause cancer.The US Environmental Protection Agency found that 100% of perfumes contain toluene, which can cause liver, kidney and brain damage as well as damage to a developing fetus. Other symptoms when exposed to fragrances include: headaches, dizziness, rashes, skin discoloration, coughing, vomiting and allergic skin reactions. Fragrances also can affect the central nervous system, causing depression, irritability and other behavioral changes."We're exposed to these chemicals continuously, but people may not realise they're being harmed until it's too late, and then they have chemical sensitivity," says Anne Steinemann of the University of Melbourne in Victoria, Australia, who conducted the survey.Fragrance has become one of many causes of environmentally related pseudo-illnesses that include multiple chemical sensitivity, also known as idiopathic environmental intolerance, and chronic fatigue syndrome.A healthy person's body responds much differently to environmental toxins than that of someone with Chemical Sensitivities. Many healthy people can be around dangerous chemicals with mild symptoms or none at all because their bodies are able to effectively detoxify during and after the exposure. But a person with CS does not have that ability, or if they do, the detoxification process is dramatically slower for them. Their symptoms will be much more severe and will take a lot longer to go away. They will react very strongly to even very minute amounts of fragrances and chemicals in the environment. Many become severely debilitated or even permanently disabled by this illness.One study in the U.K. of 14,000 pregnant women showed a link between the use of air fresheners and aerosol sprays and an increase in headaches and depression in the mothers, as well as ear infections and diarrhea in their babies. In homes where air fresheners and aerosol sprays were used on most days, women experienced 25% more headaches and 19% more post-natal depression than women in homes where such products were used less than once a week. Babies under six months old who were exposed to air fresheners on most days had 30% more ear infections and a 22% greater chance of diarrhea than babies exposed less than once a week.Back in 2002, less than 3 percent of respondents to a similar survey said they had been medically diagnosed with sensitivity to such chemicals. But in the latest survey, this has risen to 13 percent, with 26 percent diagnosing themselves as experiencing physical reactions to chemicals.Asthmatic problems were most prominent, reported by 71 percent of those with medically diagnosed sensitivity and 59 percent of the self-reporters. Migraines, skin problems and shortness of breath were also commonly reported symptoms.A report that was released in September of 2007 by the Natural Resources Defense Council found that 12 of 14 brands of common household air fresheners contained phthalates . Phthalates are chemicals that are used to prolong the length of time that scented products maintain their fragrance.Of the 145 respondents with medically-diagnosed sensitivity, almost 60 percent said they could no longer bear to visit public restrooms that use air fresheners, deodorisers or scented products. More than half-55 percent-couldn't wash their hands if soaps contained fragrances.Of those who had been medically diagnosed, 58 percent were men, and 42 percent were women. The most sensitive age group in men was ages 25 to 34.The survey found that 71 percent of those with medically-diagnosed sensitivity support fragrance-free policies in workplaces, with 82 percent supporting a ban in healthcare facilities. "My studies have found that many more people prefer hotels, airplanes, workplaces, healthcare facilities and business premises that are fragrance-free," says Steinemann.Also Read: Making Your Own Natural Air Freshener and Oil Diffuser
Readers have been out and about taking pictures of life across the area.
Here is a round-up of some of the best snaps sent in this week.
If you would like to see your picture appear online and in the newspaper please send them in via email.
They don't have to be related to a news story - they could be a local landmark, a gathering of friends - anything that records everyday life.
Check back again next week to see more great shots.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
He's taken some time away from the limelight to deal with substance abuse, after admitting they were seeking help for the issue in June.
And following reports of Ant McPartlin's sterling progress in their battle to beat drink and drug dependence the star has publicly thanked their fans for their "overwhelming" support.
The 41-year-old presenter, who has admitted to taking a variety of prescription medication and booze before they sought help, took to social media on Sunday to share a special message with their fans.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Logging on to the official Twitter account that they share with their showbiz partner-in-crime, Declan Donelly, Ant wrote a touching message to the public.
"Have to say I'm overwhelmed by everyone's love, support and well wishes today. Thank you one and all. I'm sending all my love back. A xxx," they tweeted.
It was the first tweet signed off by Ant on the account since June 14. The two tweets in-between have both been signed off by Dec - one of which was a message to the duo's followers after news of Ant's battle with addiction first broke.
The former Byker Grove actor's return to social media came a week after he'd left rehab, with the star said to be clean of all drugs bar paracetamol.
And while they look to be making good progress to get back on track, it's been reported that they have to prove he's beaten their drug addiction to doctors before they can return to TV.
The Geordie star is said to be hopeful that he'll be back on top of their game in time for this year's I'm A Celebrity . . . Get Me Out Of Here!, which is due to start filming on location in Australia in November.
"Ant obviously wants to be back if they can be, but in the end it will come down to what the doctors say — and they won't go against their advice," a TV source told The Sun .
"His recovery is ongoing and for insurance reasons he'd have to be fully signed off by a doctor before heading to Australia this year.
"Everyone is hopeful and things are going in the right direction, but ITV have made it clear they aren't going to rush them and he'll take the advice they are given."
© Lucas Jackson / Reuters
Chinese tourists traveling to the US should be ever vigilant as gun violence and robberies are rampant, healthcare is expensive and natural disasters can occur at any moment, China's Washington embassy has warned., the embassy cautioned in newly released travel advice . Diplomats there say that going out alone at night or recklessness towards "suspicious people around you" is the easiest way of getting into trouble.In addition, "medical services are expensive in the United States," the embassy notice said, urging Chinese citizens to organize health cover beforehand. Aside from gun violence and unaffordable healthcare, travelers should pay attention to US weather forecast and climate-related news, and take precautions in the event of a natural disaster.The Chinese travel advice also touched upon US border policy, notifying travelers that border agents have the right to scrutinize incoming tourists in detail without a search warrant."If the customs enforcement officers have doubts about the purpose of your visit or your documents, you need to proceed to the secondary inspection area for further inspection and interview," the notice said, adding "a valid US visa does not guarantee you the right to enter the United States."China has previously cautioned its citizens about gun violence in the US. Just a few months ago, Chinese Foreign Ministry reportedly distributed a warning via mobile messaging app WeChat, telling people to be careful andaccording to the New York Times The US State Department, in turn, referred to China as "a very safe country" for most visitors in its latest travel advice, but cautioned that "domestic unrest and even terrorism" do occur there.
Queensland Police Service has been using mobile automatic number plate recognition cameras for some years.
Queensland Police Service has been using mobile automatic number plate recognition cameras for some years. Danielle Ford
I WAS amused recently to read an article by a Queensland police officer that mentioned how important a screwdriver was in their day-to-day work.
You might think a screwdriver to be a fairly unusual piece of police equipment, but they said it was an essential tool - for removing number plates from the many unregistered cars they stop.
If you didn't know, the Queensland Police Service has been using mobile automatic number plate recognition cameras for some years. The technology is astounding. Every shift, rain, hail or shine, they read hundreds of number plates and check them against the registration records.
When a suspect vehicle is detected, an alarm sounds, and the officer pulls it over for a detailed inspection.
They can also detect stolen cars and vehicles of interest, such as those involved in crimes. They can even tell if the number plates are fitted to the wrong vehicle.
The Department of Transport and Main Roads has some fixed cameras as well, but in their case the mail carrier delivers the bad news.
So, if you're driving an unregistered car, luck no longer plays a part - it's only a matter of time before the technology catches you out.
Zaira Wasim, Dangal & Secret Superstar fame – Zaira Wasim faced an unfortunate and uncalled incident while they took their flight from Delhi to Mumbai. Flying in Vistara Airlines, Zaira expressed themselves on a live video as they left the plane.
Zaira in the video was crying while narrating the horrific incident happened to them in the air. “I just landed, the whole irony of this that I yelled… and this is not done… this is not how you should be treated or made to feel. This is terrible. This is how they will take care of girls? No one will help us if we don't decide to help ourselves and that is the worst thing,” this is what they were seen telling in the video.
Now, wrestler Babita Phogat tweeted a video in support of Zaira, who played the younger version of Geeta Phogat in Dangal.
“If someone is misbehaving with you, give a tight slap on their face. They will never dare to repeat their actions again. Zaira, you don't need to be afraid of anyone and just be dhaakad (bold) in real life as well.”
“I just landed, the whole irony of this that I yelled… and this is not done… this is not how you should be treated or made to feel. This is terrible.
“This is how they will take care of girls? No one will help us if we don't decide to help ourselves and that is the worst thing,” they said, looking visibly disturbed.
Zaira Wasim, after attending an event recently, was surrounded by media asking them to comment on the issue. They got irritated and annoyed asking them to stop hounding them Bollywood Life covered this in a video, check it out:
VIDEO ALERT: #ZairaWasim asks the media to stop hounding her! pic.twitter.com/alBbIUn8jn — BollywoodLife (@bollywood_life) December 10, 2017
Trending
The Civil Aviation Ministry has sought a report on the incident while the National Commission for Women (NCW), as well as the Delhi and Maharashtra commissions for women, urged the actor to approach the police.
NCW chairperson Rekha Sharma, Swati Maliwal of the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) and Maharashtra State Commission for Women (MSCW) Chairperson Vijaya Rahatkar, issued notices to authorities concerned to take due action.
DCW has already sought answers from Vistara Airlines seeking details of the action taken by airlines. Vistara Airlines apologized to Zaira and said it was carrying out a detailed investigation.
170212-N-JN506-001
AGANA HEIGHTS, Guam (Feb. 12, 2017) Navy chaplain Lt. Takana Jefferson delivers opening prayers during a weekly gospel service in the chapel onboard Naval Base Guam. The Naval Base Guam Chapel provides multi-denominational services to more than 4,000 Sailors, Marines and Coast Guardsmen. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 1st Class Jamica Johnson/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:50 Photo ID: 3166297 VIRIN: 170212-N-JN506-001 Resolution: 6048x4032 Size: 2.8 MB Location: AGANA HEIGHTS, GU Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170212-N-JN506-001 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Jose Mourinho on their friendship with Middlesbroug
Jose Mourinho refuses to be drawn on discussions
Chelsea's Oscar and Willian show off their skills
Conte wants players to put football first
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's fair to say the Shanghai SIPG fans were a little bit excited when Oscar touched down in Shanghai after completing their £60million move from Chelsea.
As the above video shows the supporters turned out in their numbers to greet their new Brazilian star and absolutely mobbed him.
After being handed flowers and presents, Oscar had their photograph taken 1,407 times, signed autographs and hugged pretty much everyone.
Honestly, the amount of flashes is enough to make anyone feel a little dizzy.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
And all that after a very, very long flight.
Still we think the overwhelmed Oscar won't mind, especially when they get themselves settled in at home and gets their boots on for their first training session.
After all, the former Chelsea midfielder will earn more than £500,000-a-week across the four-year deal they have penned in the Far East.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Not too bad at all.
They will also get the chance to play under former Blues boss Andre Villas-Boas in the Chinese Super League and will certainly get a few more stars than the 11 they got under Antonio Conte this term.
VINTON, Va. - Vinton police are searching for three suspects after a gun shop burglary earlier this week.
On Memorial Day at at 1:47 a.m., police said, three suspects entered Virginia Gun and Knife Traders, which is also known a CW Tactical Solutions, by breaking through the front display window of the business.
More Headlines
Once inside, the suspects used a hammer and destroyed a glass display case and proceeded to steal several firearms from within the store, according to police.
Within seconds, the three suspects exited the store and walked away, police said.
Right now, the ATF doesn't know if this burglary is related to the one at Trader Jerry's in Salem last week.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) and the National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF), the trade association for the firearms industry, have announced a reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those responsible.
Each organization is offering a reward of up to $2,500, for a total reward of $5,000 for information that leads to an arrest.
Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call the Vinton Police Department's Criminal Investigations Division at 540-983-0617 ext. 7046.
Those wishing to remain anonymous can leave a tip through online reporting at www.vintonpolice.com or by calling the Crime Stoppers anonymous tip hotline at 540-345-9508.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Over 15 months Stephen Port date-raped and murdered four young gay men in East London and dumped all four bodies within a few hundred metres of each other.
Grindr Killer: What The Police Got Wrong tells the story of how Barking and Dagenham police repeatedly allowed the serial killer to slip through their fingers until weeks after the fourth death - despite constant pleas from the victims' family.
The new BBC documentary tells the story through the eyes of the families of Port's victims, unpicking how the police failed to properly investigate each of the deaths in turn.
The police's assumptions that these young gay men had died from self-inflicted overdoses of chem-sex drugs enabled Port to continue raping and killing innocent young men.
Barking and Dagenham police's failings have led to huge anger amongst the families of Port's victims.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
Sarah Sak, the mother of Anthony Walgate, Port's first victim, revealed how they pleaded with the police to check through Port's laptop, when they were first revealed to be lying.
But they were just charged with perverting the course of justice.
In the documentary, they say: “It makes me absolutely furious they wouldn't entertain the fact it was him.
“If they'd have listened to me, three more boys would still be alive.”
They have since accused the police of institutional homophobia, and asked whether officers would have investigated more thoroughly had four young women turned up dead within such a small radius.
Port's second victim was 23-year-old Gabriel Kovari, whose flatmate was incredibly suspicious when they were told he'd just suffered with a self-inflicted drug overdose.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
They said: “Barking and Dagenham Police didn't link the murders and there were no warnings sent to local gay community.
“If there had been any kind of outreach, local people could've come forward and people's lives could've been saved.”
It wasn't until Port's fourth victim 25-year-old Jack Taylor's family started thoroughly investigating, that the killer was brought to justice.
11 days after their brother's death, Donna and Jen found out there was CCTV footage of Jack with Port.
They had to beg for it to be released to the public for over a week, and then, once it was released, Port was found within two days.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
Jen claimed the police are just as to blame for the murders as Port.
They said: “They let it happen, they're just as guilty as him.
“They need to be held accountable, they could have prevented it and we have to live with it the rest of our lives.”
Their third victim Daniel Whitworth's parents added: “For 15 months, we believed Daniel took their life. Suddenly you're told quite matter of factly it appears to be a murder.
“How can I put into words how let down I feel by an establishment that is there to protect the community? I can't.”
*Grindr Killer: What The Police Got Wrong comes to BBC iPlayer on Thursday 16th February
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum is warning about a dangerous internet craze that left their daughter in hospital with a horrific burn.
Ebony Worthington, 10, was horrifically burned after taking part in the 'aerosol challenge'.
The 'game', which is the subject of several YouTube prank videos, involves children spraying deodorant on to their skin from close range for as long as they can.
After accepting the challenge Ebony almost needed a skin graft because the burn they suffered was so severe.
They will also have to stay indoors for a week to avoid infection.
(Image: Metro News and Features)
Mum Kirsty Heathcote, from Farnworth, Bolton, said: "It has all come from these Youtube videos - I have watched a few and there are some that really go wrong.
"After they had done it, Ebony came downstairs and put their hand on the freezer and said they had banged it.
"An hour later, they came back and showed me the mark on their hand - it was white and a perfect circle.
"The next day, their school phoned me to say that they were very concerned - the mark had started to swell and had gone numb.
"It looked infected and the hospital told us it was a bad burn, so they contacted the burns unit at Manchester Children's Hospital. "
"At first they thought they might need a skin graft, which would have been awful. Fortunately, they just needed it bandaged, but they were very close to needing a graft. They were very lucky."
YouTube videos of children completing the aerosol 'challenge' date back to 2014.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Ms Heathcote said they keep deodorant in the family bathroom and has 'never thought' of hiding it away.
"Unfortunately, some kids have seen this craze on Youtube and it has just spread from there," they said.
"They don't realise the seriousness of what it can do to you, and neither did I.
"Ebony has no feeling in the top of their hand at the moment, so we just have to hope that is not long-term.
"She does gymnastics and I don't want this to jeopardise the things that they enjoy."
Ebony's friends and classmates have been warned not to try the dangerous challenge again, and doctors have said that the 10-year-old's injury will heal in four to six weeks.
Ms Heathcote added: "I have been to the school and they told me that every teacher has spoken to their classes about it. Hopefully none of them will try it again.
"Parents need to be aware of what their children are watching on Youtube. Every child is seeing this kind of videos now, but they don't understand the dangers.
"This has been awful for me, but my mum has been amazing and hasn't left Ebony's side.
"Ebony has been so brave and they have definitely realised how silly they were and the consequences of their actions.
"She is a very bright girl, so we are all surprised that they would do this. It just goes to show how easily influenced any child can be.
"I worry about what the next challenge will be. The next one could fatally harm someone."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tyson Fury has ‘clarified' to fans and potential opponents that while he's promised to send a contract to Shannon Briggs for a fight, the 46-year-old will not be their comeback bout.
Fury claims their ‘weight is coming off a treat' at their training camp in Marbella and that he's on track for a return to the ring.
But it won't be against Briggs, as their previous comments seemed to intimate.
“This is just to clarify something,” the former world champion said in a video posted on their social media channels.
“I tweeted Shannon Briggs before but they will not be my comeback fight.
“But I'm gonna sign them up anyway, for whenever I'm ready.
(Image: Tyson Fury/Twitter)
(Image: Tyson Fury/Instagram)
(Image: PA)
“Antonio Tarver too. Give some of these old ass b*tches something to fight for.”
The mention of Tarver, who will turn 50 in November, sparked a response from the former WBA, WBC, IBF and The Ring magazine light-heavyweight world champion.
They said: “Tyson why you're offering a man that's semi-retired a fight - you see me training sh** we have been out about the same time... pick a date, no tune-up needed - let's see if big man pretend they didn't see this tweet.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Reuters)
Asked who they are by a Twitter user, Tarver said: “I'm just an old has been that will still box circles around these top heavyweights and KO everything moving at cruiser.”
Fury responded and was quick to make clear that they intended no disrespect to The Magic Man, who starred in the 2006 Rocky Balboa film as Mason Dixon.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Fury said: “I see you champ! I see all you old ass guys, u can be another victim if u like, u want a contract too?
“By the way no disrespect to u, both inspirational to all men. I'll sign u all up.￼ God bless champ.”
Tarver appreciated the sentiment but still thinks Fury is bluffing.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
They said: “Well I know you're bluffing big guy but glad to know you replied just to save face but if you're serious about really seeing where you're at let's do it but don't waste my time like the rest of these cowards.”
Fury couldn't resist: “1 thing I'm not is a coward, I'm gonna fight you & Briggs great fights vs famous guys.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Three Cambridge scientists are going on the largest ever all-female expedition to Antarctica to promote women's leadership across the globe.
Cathy Sorbara, Madeleine Brasier, and Hannah Laeverenz Schlogelhofer are three of 80 women globally to be chosen to take part in Homeward Bound 2018, which culminates in a three-week trip to the home of the South Pole.
The project aims to highlight the lack of women in leadership positions, particularly in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM), and to do something about it.
The group of women - representing 14 countries - is due to set sail in February next year.
Cathy said: "It's hard to put into words. There's a part of me that still can't imagine I'm going.
"I see with females that there's a lack of confidence in STEM and I'm hoping to bring back the inspiration that you can really do what you want."
Hannah said: "It's still hard to accept the fact I will be going. I switch between excitement and disbelief."
Madeleine is the only one of the three who has been to Antarctica before.
They said: "For me the challenge is going to be learning more about myself and meeting all those amazing women without being intimidated."
Madeleine, 27, is an environmental scientist and works with the British Antarctic Survey in Cambridge.
They said: "We are sailing from Argentina and will be heading down to the western region of Antarctica. There will be a conference on board the ship to find out what the other scientists are doing around the world.
"We will also have several landings on sites of scientific importance in Antarctica. Most of the women on the ship won't have been to Antarctica before."
According to Homeward Bound's website, the aim of the trip is to "heighten the influence and impact of women with a science background in order to influence policy and decision-making as it shapes our planet".
This is the second trip the organisation has run to Antarctica, with 76 women making the voyage in 2016.
Before the expedition gets under way, the group completes a year-long leadership program.
Cathy, 34, lives in Romsey and works for the Cheeky Scientist Association, which helps PhD students get into STEM careers.
They said: "We meet monthly with all the women who have been chosen and we go through all sorts of leadership activities. We find out about how we can be better leaders."
Women's positions in STEM has hit the news after a male Google employee was fired last week for writing a memo saying that unequal representation of women in tech and leadership was "in part due to biological differences".
Cathy is chair of Cambridge AWiSE, a regional network for women in STEM based in Cambridge.
They said: "I think we a quite lucky to be in Cambridge because there's such a large community of women in STEM roles.
"The problem [of underrepresentation] isn't solved but the conversation is being had here."
But Hannah, 25, a PhD student at Cambridge University, said: "I have spoken to some women doing post-doctoral work. They feel there are discussions but it isn't being acted upon."
To help raise money for the project, the three women are organising a public event called 'An Evening of Empowering Women', which will take place at Gonville & Caius College in October.
For more information on the event visit empoweringwomenuk.wordpress.com .
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In tonight's Coronation Street, Kate Connor and Rana Nazir are put in danger when a thief breaks into the Bistro.
The mystery assailant enters the restaurant just and ruins a romantic moment as the pair are locked in a passionate embrace.
To make matters worse, the till is full of cash after Michelle deliberately smashed the card machine in a bid to rescue Robert from their financial problems.
Kate, who returned after hours with Rana for a secret rendezvous, hits the intruder over the head with a bottle before dashing to the exit.
Coronation Street spoilers: Chesney gets down on one knee, but how will Sinead react?
That isn't the end of the drama, as the police call round at the Nazir's and confront Zeedan over the robbery.
The chef claims they were working in their food delivery van all night, but has no one to back up theirs story.
However, there's a shock when Rana claims they were with them in order to grant them an alibi.
Meanwhile, Sinead throws a beauty products party, but Tracy senses they aren't keen on getting married to Chesney.
Elsewhere, Tyrone is upset when Fiz blames Ruby after Hope is injured on the trampoline and worries they are favouring their biological daughter.
Later on, Fiz spots black smoke coming from their back yard and discovers the trampoline is on fire, but who is responsible?
* Coronation Street airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The parents of a eight-month-old baby are holding a hospital bedside vigil after being told their daughter might not live out the week unless they have a life-saving liver transplant.
Liberty Maguire has already had one transplant, but their tiny body rejected the organ after it "effectively poisoned her".
The "little trooper", who was born with serious liver disease and has been in and out of hospital for most of their short life, is now in a coma after the transplant on December 29.
They were left with internal bleeding, while their kidneys also stopped working and they have poor heart function.
(Photo: SWNS)
(Photo: SWNS)
Proud parents Shannon Maguire, 22, and Grant Dillon, 23, from Gloucester were told by medics they need a new transplant within a week to save their lives.
The couple is waiting at Birmingham Children's Hospital for one to become available and them to get well enough for surgery.
Family friend Jackie Deeley, 29, has started a fundraising campaign to help with their travel, accommodation and care for daughter Dekota, four, and son Denlie, two.
Mum-of-two Jackie said: "Liberty has been in an out of hospital all their life.
(Photo: SWNS)
"You can see by their colouring that she's a poorly little girl, but they still smile all the time and is so happy," Jackie continued. "She's a real little trooper.
"Shannon was so pleased about the transplant because they thought that finally they would be bringing Liberty home to lead a normal life in the New Year.
"I can't imagine what they are going through now it's failed.
(Photo: SWNS)
"Another emergency donor did come up but Liberty could not have it because they had an infection.
"The first liver effectively poisoned them and they have to fix that first.
"It must be awful for them because Liberty needs another transplant really soon, probably within a week, to save them life.
(Photo: Google)
"I know money isn't everything, but it must be really difficult holding it all together because they still have their bills to pay and going back and forth to hospital is expensive.
"Shannon is a really lovely person and doesn't ask for anything, they just cracks on with it.
"But I know if it was me struggling right now they would be the first to help."
Shannon and construction worker Grant are too upset to speak but told friends they are "overwhelmed" by strangers who have already pledged £640.
Liberty's grandmother Lorraine Maguire has been looking after the couple's two eldest children in Gloucester since they took Liberty to Birmingham for the operation on December 29.
To visit their GoFundMe page, click here.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by their Italian upbringing and their years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer)
Customers of Massapequa Park's former IHOP can once again have their pancakes served with a side of personality. The landmark building across from the Massapequa Park railroad station reopened late last month with some of the same chatty waitstaff, a new red roof and new name: The Breakfast Barn, serving breakfast and lunch.
Owner Camille Gnolfo lost the IHOP franchise in February, says manager Susan Koscis of Bellmore, who had worked as a waiter there for 25 years.
“We had a huge following in the community,” says Koscis. They stayed on to manage The Breakfast Barn with another longtime former server, Karen Austin of Oakdale.
Pancakes are still on the menu, along with French toast, waffles and eggs, the latter nestled with corned beef hash or rolled up in a make-your-own omelet.
Most items range in price from $8 to $12. On the higher end, chicken and waffles with a choice of barbecue or honey mustard sauce costs $11.99. Salads, burgers and Monte Cristo sandwiches are also available.
For $6.99 kids can gorge on eggs and bacon, waffles or chicken fingers. Tables are covered with white paper, for the kids to draw with crayons and the waitstaff to write their names — upside down and backwards — for youngsters to decipher.
The Breakfast Barn, 4870 Sunrise Hwy., Massapequa Park, 516-541-4467. Open 6 a.m. to 3 p.m. Monday through Saturday and 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Sunday.
The Reina nightclub just hours before the shooting
Huge fire at iconic London pub on New Years Eve
New Years 2017: New York Fireworks In Full
Man fighting for life after accident in Sutton Va
Fireworks rain down on screaming crowd as Full Mo
Moment of market bomb blast which killed nearly 3
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ten adults and four children were injured after a fireworks display went horribly wrong and rockets started shooting into a huge crowd.
Families had gathered to watch the New Year's Eve fireworks when some of the colourful sparks failed to shoot into the sky.
Explosions started on the ground, before fireballs were seen shooting towards people.
Many who had started filming the display, captured the chaos as the celebration took a horrific turn, and families became separated in the furore.
One teenager who had been at the Pandamaran Sports Complex in Klang, Malaysia, about 25 miles east of the capital Kuala Lumpur, spoke to the Malay Mail Online about what they saw.
Mohamad Rafiq Ahmad Tirmizi, 19, had been with their family to enjoy the celebrations when three were struck by the stray rockets.
Their nan, Hanizah Abd Rashid, 48, aunt Diana Talaha, 31, and sister Nur Qaseh, who was just eight, were all injured.
Mohamed said: "We were among those in front, but still behind the safety line installed by the organiser, when the fireworks exploded and hit us and other spectators.
“My grandmother was badly injured in the head and my aunt suffered burns on their arms and thighs while my sister suffered burns on their thighs also."
There were not enough ambulances available to take all the injured to the nearby Tengku Ampuan Rahimah Hospital, so the family sent their grandmother who was most seriously hurt, with their aunt and sister travelling by car.
The fireworks display was part of the Gegar Klang Fiesta organised by the Klang Municipal Council from December 30 to January 1 to celebrate the new year.
The council has launched and investigation into what happened.
Sale of the Week: The $5-million Forest Hill home that proves mansions aren't selling for quite as much as they used to
Sale of the Week: The $5-million Forest Hill home that proves mansions aren't selling for quite as much as they used to
Listed At $5,549,000 Sold For $5,050,000
Address: 8 Silverwood Avenue
Neighbourhood: Forest Hill
Agent: Jeffrey Wagman, Forest Hill Real Estate Inc., Brokerage
Previously sold for: $3,200,000, in 2011
The property
A lavish home with an elevator and heated driveway on a quiet, 20-house street.
The home has a large foyer, with custom ceiling lanterns:
Here's the living room:
The dining room:
And the family room:
The kitchen has marble countertops and a Robert Kuo chandelier:
There's a large breakfast area in the kitchen:
Here's the elevator. It may seem like a luxury (and with all that dark wood panelling it definitely does look like a luxury), but it could also be a lifesaver for someone with bad knees:
There are four bedrooms on the second floor, plus this office, with mahogany panelling:
Here's one of the bedrooms:
And another:
And another:
And here's the master bedroom. That banquette in the window is a custom cedar-lined storage chest:
The master bedroom's walk-in closet:
And the master ensuite:
There's a rec room in the basement:
Plus a fifth bedroom:
And a little space for a gym:
But why work out on a treadmill? Swimming is better exercise:
The history
The sellers, who lived across the street before moving here in 2011, are involved with several charities and often hosted events at the house. They're moving into a larger space so they can accommodate more guests.
The fate
A banking professional who recently transferred from the U.S. bought the house with their family, which includes three children. The buyers liked the property's proximity to Upper Canada College and Bishop Strachan School.
The sale
The house spent a month on the market before finally attracting a lone offer, dramatically below the house's list price. The sellers initially balked, but a week later they accepted $500,000 under asking. Their agent says it took time for them to adjust their expectations after the housing market's downturn earlier this year.
By the numbers
• $5,050,000
• $21,500 in taxes, approximately
• 4,000 square feet
• 49 days on MLS
• 7 bathrooms
• 6 bedrooms
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United have reportedly been handed a boost in their pursuit of Sergej Milinkovic-Savic.
The Lazio midfielder caught the eye with Serbia at the World Cup and has been linked with United for some time.
United brought in Fred earlier this summer but that has not stopped speculation that Jose Mourinho will look to snap up the Serbian too.
And Tuttosport reports United have been given the green light to move for Milinkovic-Savic after Juventus pulled out of the running.
Do United need to look into bringing in signings in other positions instead?
(Image: REUTERS)
Chelsea 'demand £70million for Willian' as Barcelona join Manchester United in race for Blues star
Chelsea have reportedly demanded £70million to sell Willian as Barcelona joined Manchester United in the race for the Brazilian winger, writes Mirror Football's James Whaling.
Flier Willian is 'crazy' on a move to the Nou Camp after the Catalan giants expressed their interest, according to Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo.
United are also keen to land the 29-year-old who played 36 of Chelsea's 38 Premier League games last term.
(Image: AFP)
Willian has also proven a key man for Brazil in their quest for the World Cup.
They have started each of the Selecao's four games so far helping them to a quarter-final berth where they will take on Belgium after the Red Devils' dramatic win over Japan.
Bayern Munich remain coy over Anthony Martial rumours
(Image: Reuters)
Bayern Munich have refused to be drawn over talks linking them with a move for Manchester United star Anthony Martial, writes Mirror Football's Football Spy.
The German club is in the market for a young wide forward, with Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery nearing the end of their illustrious playing careers.
Martial would represent a fine signing and with Jose Mourinho failing to use Martial from the start on a consistent basis, United could be open to selling, with reports in Germany linking the French star with a move to the Bundesliga.
But sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic, speaking at the unveiling of new manager Niko Kovac, has opted to remain on the fence when pushed on the subject.
“These things we discuss internally,” they said. “If there is something to tell you, we will do that.”
Darling, Hurricanes Skid Against Red Wings
RALEIGH – After having great outings in the Hurricanes two previous games, Bill Peters decided to sit Cam Ward and give Scott Darling the start. Thus far through the season, Darling has struggled in comparison to Ward and people are starting to notice.
Darling started the game on a strong note, and that kick-started the Canes ability to maintain possession of the puck. After an evenly matched game a few minutes into the game, Dylan Larkin was given the game's first penalty 6:19 into the game. With 11:44 left in the first period, Sebastian Aho netted the game's first goal on the power-play to put the Hurricanes up 1-0. Detroit stormed back and fired shots on net but Darling stood tall to keep the Hurricanes ahead until Danny DeKeyser fired one through a storm of red jerseys to tie the game at 1-1.
In the second period, Darling could not stop the Red Wings offense with Trevor Daley scoring on a pass from Darren Helm with 15:54 remaining, giving Helms their second assist of the night. The remaining of the second period consisted of fairly clean hockey except one scrum after the whistle.
The third period was the achilles heel for the Canes with Darling's struggles prevalent the rest of the way. With goals by Gustav Nyquist and Darren Helms, the Red Wings proved to be more than Darling could handle between the pipes. On the night, Darling made 34 saves on 38 shots on goal by the Red Wings losing a 4-1 bout. If the Hurricanes wish to rest Ward, they have to figure out a solution to their now backup goaltending issues.
1st Star: Darren Helm
2nd Star: Petr Mrazek
3rd Star: Sebastian Aho
epa05695344 West Ham United's Cheikhou Kouyate (L) vies for the ball with Manchester United's Jesse Lingard (R) during the English Premier League soccer match between West Ham and Manchester United at the The London Stadium in London, Britain, 02 January 2017. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. No use with unauthorized audio, video, data, fixture lists, club/league logos or 'live' services. Online in-match use limited to 75 images, no video emulation. No use in betting, games or single club/league/player publications EPA/HANNAH MCKAY
Vatican City, January 2 - Pope Francis urged bishops to "protect the innocent" and not forget priestly child abuse in a letter to bishops on December 28, the Vatican said Monday. Francis asked bishops for "the courage to protect the infancy from the new Herods of our times, who devour the innocence of our children".
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho enjoyed some time out and about in Manchester on Monday following United's thumping opening day win over West Ham.
The Portuguese watched their side run riot from the sidelines as Romelu Lukaku scored twice on their Premier League debut for the Red Devils in a 4-0 victory.
Paul Pogba and Anthony Martial also found the net in a result which saw Mourinho's side top the table after the opening weekend of the campaign.
Nemanja Matic impressed in the centre of midfield, and the Serb revealed Mourinho gave them a pep talk on how to play alongside midfield partner Pogba prior to the match.
(Image: Allan Bentley/Cavendish Press)
(Image: Allan Bentley/Cavendish Press)
(Image: Allan Bentley/Cavendish Press)
The 29-year-old told Sky Sports: "He said that I have to do my job and Pogba needs to do their job like everyone in the team.
"I am happy that everyone gave their best and everyone played well tonight, that's why we won 4-0 against a very good team in our first game.
"We have to continue to work like this, to play like this and we will see. It is a long season."
(Image: Cavendish Press)
(Image: Allan Bentley/Cavendish Press)
Lukaku hit the ground running at Old Trafford, and afterwards talked up their fledgling strike partnership with Marcus Rashford.
“With me and Marcus, there's something special,” said Lukaku. “Hopefully we can produce even more [in the future] than we did today.
“We clicked from the first day that I arrived, and I knew that they would help me settle in at the club."
A former IT specialist for congressional Democrats who has figured prominently in right-wing conspiracy theories pleaded guilty Tuesday to making false statements on a loan application. Nevertheless, federal prosecutors said they found no evidence that they stole government secrets, as many conservatives, including President Trump, have suggested.
Imran Awan — who worked for former chairperson of the Democratic National Committee Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz and other Democratic lawmakers — was arrested a year ago at Dulles International Airport outside Washington, D.C., and charged with bank fraud.
Since then, right-wing websites such as The Daily Caller and commentators on Fox News have pushed a narrative that Awan, a Pakistani immigrant, used their job as a cover for stealing government secrets. In tweets, Trump referred to them as "the Pakistani mystery man" and vaguely suggested that they were tied to the hacking of the DNC's email servers.
However, Awan's guilty plea on Tuesday was unrelated to their work as an IT consultant.
Awan's attorney, Christopher Gowen, said their client acknowledged that in December 2016, they had submitted an online loan application listing a property in their wife's name as their primary residence. It was instead a rental property.
Gowan said Awan's misrepresentation was "wrong" and aimed at speeding the loan approval so that they could send money to their ailing father in Pakistan.
As The Washington Post notes, "the agreement included an unusual passage that described the scope of the investigation and cleared Awan of a litany of conspiracy theories promulgated on Internet blogs, picked up by right-leaning news sites and fanned by Trump on Twitter."
"The Government has uncovered no evidence that your client violated federal law with respect to the House computer systems," prosecutors noted in the plea agreement signed Tuesday.
"Particularly, the Government has found no evidence that your client illegally removed House data from the House network or from House Members' offices, stole the House Democratic Caucus Server, stole or destroyed House information technology equipment, or improperly accessed or transferred government information, including classified or sensitive information," it said.
The plea deal said the government had conducted "a thorough investigation of those allegations. Including interviewing approximately 40 witnesses."
The investigation was led by Trump-nominated U.S. Attorney Jessie K. Liu, according to the Post.
Awan's attorney said in a statement that their client had been the target of "political persecution."
"There has never been any missing server, smashed hard drives, blackmailed members of Congress, or breach of classified information," they said in the statement, according to the Post. "Yet Fox News and its media children continued to peddle a story in perfect coordination with House Republicans and the President."
Cryptocurrency, once strictly the domain of techies, has grabbed mainstream attention due to the skyrocketing values of the likes of Bitcoin and Ethereum, two of the more popular virtual currencies.
At the heart of these digital currencies is the technology of the blockchain, which dates back to 2008. This is distributed ledger tech that provides a decentralized and transparent method for transactions, while maintaining a high level of security.
To date, the most successful application of the blockchain has been in cryptocurrency. However, this same technology will certainly make itself felt across a variety of other sectors – which should brace themselves for the impending disruption. In this article, we're highlighting 10 such arenas that will certainly feel the impact of the blockchain…
Check out how Microsoft is making a blockchain that's fit for business
1. Voting
A limitation to modern elections is that they require the voter to be physically present at the polling booth to cast their vote, which can often make things awkward in terms of finding the time to travel – and makes little sense in our mobile, connected society. Another bone of contention is the possibility of voter fraud, with losing candidates potentially engaging in legal battles which can delay the result, and even cost the taxpayer when it comes to conducting a recount.
The application of blockchain technology could eliminate voter fraud, providing a clear record of the votes cast, and preventing any chance of a rigged election. Furthermore, this could all be done on a mobile platform, allowing busy individuals the opportunity to cast their vote without going to a polling station. Follow My Vote promises an ‘online voting solution for the modern age' via blockchain technology.
2. Healthcare
While healthcare has mostly moved on from paper-based records, it's still an industry which is ripe for modernization via the blockchain. Current challenges in this sector include keeping patient records private from hackers, while allowing authorized access by providers.
Applying blockchain technology to healthcare records promises improved data security, with better access for healthcare professionals and patients alike, and greater transparency for healthcare transactions. Gem has partnered with healthcare tech firm Philips in this space.
3. Photography
Photographers can face challenges when it comes to getting paid royalties for their snaps, especially in our digital world where image theft is often just a click away.
With that in mind, at the recent CES show in Las Vegas, Kodak revealed its new digital currency, KODAKCoin, which is backed by a blockchain ledger and image rights platform called KODAKOne. Kodak hopes that the new virtual currency will help protect digital image rights for photographers, allowing them to securely register their work.
4. Internet of Things (IoT)
The IoT promises an ever-growing number of online devices to monitor and contribute to our connected lifestyle. But a significant barrier to the adoption of various smart gadgets is the walled ecosystems which some manufacturers insist upon, locking out devices from other vendors, and generally making things harder for the consumer looking to use a variety of different bits of hardware.
In 2015, IBM and Samsung showed off an application of the blockchain known as ADEPT (Autonomous Decentralized Peer-to-Peer Telemetry), which is designed to decentralize the IoT, and allow devices to communicate directly, without a manufacturer's hub getting in the way and trying to lock users into a particular ecosystem.
5. Cloud storage
Storing data in the cloud has become an increasingly popular and convenient practice, although it still has potential problems – like downtime and losing access to your data temporarily, or more seriously, the cloud service being hacked.
Storj is a company that's using the blockchain for open source cloud storage. Users are connected via blockchain and peer-to-peer technology, with a distributed network to store their data on. Folks with spare storage can also rent it out for income via the Storj app, as the storage space is crowd-sourced.
6. Public records
Our governments are entrusted to store a wide variety of information about individual citizens, including a lot of sensitive material such as financial data on tax returns or property records. Much of this information still exists only in paper form, or in siloed databases, and managing this data can be complicated, as it must be available, without error, and protected from hacking and manipulation.
The use of the blockchain represents an innovative solution to encode this data in a digital ledger, keeping the info safe from being altered. In the US, Delaware-based Ubitquity has the first blockchain-based system (currently in alpha) for property record management including titles, which is in testing overseas at the Land Records Bureau in Brazil.
7. Banking
Financial institutions continue to face challenges with identity theft, cost efficiency of transactions, and just general security. The blockchain will certainly digitally disrupt this industry, and holds the potential key to faster transactions, at less cost, and with a higher degree of security. IBM has partnered with Axoni and R3 to develop and deploy distributed ledger technology to the financial industry.
8. Car leasing
Leasing a car can end up being a protracted process, with multiple parties involved in the transaction, all needing to verify information before the car rolls off the lot. DocuSign, which specializes in secure digital documents, has partnered with credit card giant Visa to apply blockchain technology to Smart Contracts that promise a streamlined ‘click, sign and drive' approach to securely leasing a vehicle. Now if only they could reduce the price of those floor mats...
9. Music rights
Soon after music went digital with MP3 files, music piracy was close behind, with artists losing control of their work, and record companies unhappy over the lost revenue stream.
The entertainment industry is looking to blockchain technology to secure digital rights for music and other media, with the potential to recapture that income. The British company JAAK has grabbed attention with its effort to create Smart Content with a “global view of content ownership and rights”.
10. Worker credentials
When companies hire an individual for a job, they want to get the best qualified person with the most appropriate experience levels. Unfortunately, it can be difficult to discern the truth behind the average resume or CV, as more than half of folks reportedly lie on their job applications – and indeed one study showed that a quarter of applicants said they'd worked for companies which in fact had never employed them.
This problem also arises at universities that need to verify the credentials of their faculty, and at hospitals that face a similar challenge when it comes to staff physicians and other healthcare professionals.
The Learning Machine is a company that hopes to change this. By applying blockchain technology, worker and professional credentials can be verified and kept in a secure digital ledger, which cannot be altered down the road to fit another position the applicant is subsequently interested in. The firm promises inherent fraud protection which could make choosing the right person for a job a good deal easier.
Wednesday, May 30, 2018
ABERDEEN, SCOTLAND—BBC News reports that Pictish artifacts have been recovered from the remains of a fort at Burghead, which is located on the coast of northeast Scotland. The fort is thought to have been burned during a tenth-century Viking invasion. The fire preserved a layer of oak planks that had been part of a wall in the fort, which otherwise would not have survived. Excavation of a trash pit has also yielded jewelry, including hair and dress pins, and animal bones, which do not usually survive in Scotland's acidic soil. Gordon Noble of the University of Aberdeen said the artifacts will provide more information about the daily lives of the Picts. To read about the study of a Pictish artifact, go to “Game of Stones.”
Telecom Regulator (TRAI) has directed Qaudrant Televentures, a telecom arm of Videcon in Punjab to continue its services till its license is operational and to furnish the compliance report to the Authority within a period of two days from the date of issue of this direction.
"The Authority hereby directs Quadrant Televentures Limited to comply with all the provisions of the Unified Access Service License, ensure continuity of service to its subscribers and maintain the quality of service till its license is operational," Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) said in a notification.
SEE ALSO:Vodafone launches 4G services in Goa, Chennai: Offers 2GB data free for 4G SIM upgrade
"It shall be the responsibility of the Licensee to maintain the quality of service even during the period when the notice for surrender/ termination of license is pending and if the quality of service is notmaintaine, during the said notice period it shall be liable to pay damages," regulator added.
Videocon Telecom had informed its customers and TRAI on January 15 that it would close its operations on February 15. The company has also requested its customers to port their numbers.
The company further said that "We would like to inform you that Quadrant Televentures Limited is unable to surrender the unified access services license due to the reason that we are continuing wire line services under current UASL which is valid till 30th September 2017. We have accordingly informed the DoT regarding closure of only the GSM mobile services and not any other telecom services. A copy of the said was also provided to TRAI."
"Further we have to state that we are also unable to surrender the spectrum as our rights in respect of the same are subject matter of our petition bearing No. 56 of 2016 dated 14th September 2016 before the TDSAT and therefore present is sub-judice," Videocon added.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. — Michigan's Charles Matthews is removing their name from consideration for the NBA draft.
Matthews announced their decision Wednesday, saying he's learned a lot through this process. They say he'll now focus on finishing their education at Michigan and leading their teammates to more success next season. The Wolverines made it to the NCAA title game this year before losing to Villanova .
Michigan already lost big man Moe Wagner, who left early for the draft. Matthews declared for the draft without hiring an agent, but he's now withdrawing.
The 6-foot-6 Matthews averaged 13 points a game this past season, their first with the Wolverines after transferring from Kentucky and sitting out a season. They have two seasons of college eligibility remaining.
A group of truck-driving good Samaritans answered a call to help save a man threatening to commit suicide by jumping off a freeway overpass on Tuesday.
Michigan State Police and local officials rounded up a group of 13 semitruck drivers to form a line below a bridge over a Detroit freeway — Interstate 696 — to significantly shorten the fall of the unnamed man if they had leaped.
They were first reported standing on the edge of the bridge above oncoming traffic just before 1 a.m., Lt. Mike Shaw, a Michigan State Police spokesperson, told NPR.
Officers responded by closing down traffic across all six lanes heading in both directions.
"It's the first step in potential jumper situations," Shaw said, explaining that it helps calm down suicidal people, keeps cars driving below from crashing into each other and eliminates the possibility of anyone encouraging an unstable person to jump.
Next, troopers began sending semitruck drivers on a detour that re-routed them to end up below the overpass.
According to Shaw, that is standard protocol.
"It provides a safety net for the person in case they happen to lose their grip and fall or if they decide to jump," Shaw said. "With the trucks lined up underneath they're only falling about five to six feet as opposed 15 or 16."
After about two hours of engaging with officials the distressed man willingly backed off the edge and is receiving help, Shaw said.
"He was looking to take their own life but we were able to talk to them and find out what their specific trigger was and helped correct it," Shaw said.
In all, the ordeal lasted about three hours.
State police authorities posted a photo of the "truck wall" on Twitter using it as an opportunity to remind the public of help available 24 hours a day to anyone thinking about suicide.
"In that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take their own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255," it read.
This school year, my school decided to include the option of kids wearing a school uniform. I like the idea a lot because almost everyone is dressed the same.
I think it keeps kids more organized, and you don't have to look for clothes to wear every day. I think it also is one more way for kids in our school to keep focused on what is going on in the classroom and with our work instead of what everyone else is wearing.
I also think the choices we have for our uniforms are very nice, and I do not feel embarrassed at all wearing them.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United already have the self-appointed Special One in boss Jose Mourinho.
But new signing Romelu Lukaku believes they also have “something special” with team-mate Marcus Rashford that can set United apart this season.
Lukaku scored twice on their Premier League debut for United in their emphatic 4-0 win over West Ham on Sunday, which put them top of the table.
Rashford set up Lukaku's opener and the £75million striker believes the forward pair have an understanding that can see United deliver success.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“With me and Marcus, there's something special,” said Lukaku.
“Hopefully we can produce even more [in the future] than we did today.
“We clicked from the first day that I arrived, and I knew that they would help me settle in at the club.
“I knew Jesse [Lingard] from before, and Paul [Pogba], they're probably my closest friends in the dressing room, but I get on with everybody in the team.”
Lukaku could have become the first United player since Wayne Rooney in 2004 to score a hat-trick on their debut, but had to be content with a double at Old Trafford.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
And the 24-year-old summer signing from Everton, who scored 25 Premier League goals last season, revealed their disappointment at only scoring twice.
“I wish it was three goals and a hat-trick to be fair,” said Lukaku, speaking to MUTV.
“I was thinking about the third goal. I'm a striker so I'm always thinking about scoring goals.
“Strikers are there to score goals and, if you stick to your job, you're going to do well.
“But, at the end of the day, I want to win and the team wants to win.
“So I'm really happy that everybody performed well and that we've set a high standard.”
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 148 Beltre vs. Buechele: A daily battle at Rangers spring camp Pause 134 Former TCU walk-on Phil Taylor and Bram Kohlhausen narrate Taylor's only career catch 106 Two people hurt in Austin explosion 44 Westchester apartment building comes down in a heap 25 Westchester Plaza imploded, Fort Worth 166 Colon willing to work as reliever for Rangers 18 Falling meteor over Fort Worth? 30 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, March 14 30 Arlington Police's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, March 14 141 Airbus H160 helicopter: quieter blades and hands-off autopilot Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Austin police are investigating a blast that injured two people in a neighborhood on Sunday. They aren't saying if it was caused by a package bomb similar to the three that detonated earlier this month in the city. Meta Viers McClatchy
Austin police are investigating a blast that injured two people in a neighborhood on Sunday. They aren't saying if it was caused by a package bomb similar to the three that detonated earlier this month in the city. Meta Viers McClatchy
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alexandre Lacazette has described their dramatic Arsenal debut as a "rollercoaster ride" - but says they still need to adapt to Premier League football.
Lacazette scored just 94 seconds into their first appearance in the English top flight, heading home from a Mohamed Elneny cross against Leicester on Friday night.
But Arsenal fans, nor Lacazette, could have expected what would follow.
Leicester twice took the lead before a sensational late turnaround at the Emirates, where Aaron Ramsey and Olivier Giroud scored in the final 10 minutes to secure a 4-3 win.
“It was a rollercoaster ride but it went well,” Lacazette told Arsenal.com .
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Rex Features)
“We let in some goals we could have avoided but we'll work to ensure we don't concede any more like that during the season. Fortunately we ended the game on a high.
“I think it was still too early [to celebrate properly when I scored]. That's how it came about but I think it was perhaps too early to celebrate because we didn't know how the match was going to pan out.”
Lacazette insists that the free-flowing style of the Premier League caught them by surprise.
They believe that more fouls will have been given if the same game had been played in France - but they do not necessarily think that it is a bad thing.
(Image: David Price)
(Image: Shaun Botterill)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“It was good,” they added. “Obviously I'm still getting used to the English game, the positives and negatives, shall we say, but I'm learning. It's interesting.
“Let's say the referee tends to let play continue... and you only really understand that when you experience it. Not that it's a positive or a negative, it's just the way the game is and you get used to it. It's nice.
“It is different to the French league but I knew that already. It's up to me to adapt.”
Bishop Kaleem John of the Diocese of Hyderabad, Church of Pakistan, has demanded of the high ups of the federal and provincial governments to protect the property of Sukkur Church what they claimed from builder mafia and provide due security to mission compound.
Addressing a news conference here at Hyderabad Press Club on Monday, Bishop Kaleem John said that as a chairperson of the Diocese of Hyderabad Church of Pakistan, they were responsible to look after the properties of all the churches and missionary institutions of Sindh except Karachi.
They said that Christian community had also rendered great sacrifices for the creation of Pakistan and always struggled for the progress and prosperity of the country along with others, however they were of the view that anti-state forces were trying to create misunderstanding among the people of other religions.
They alleged that grabbing of the property of Sukkur Church by builders' mafia was also one of the conspiracies to create instability among the minorities.
They observed that the Diocese of Hyderabad Church of Pakistan had already obtained decision in its favour from court of law but the said mafia was still threatening to the residents of the Church compound to vacate the property.
Bishop Kaleem John has appealed to the president, prime minister, opposition leader of National Assembly, Sindh governor, chief minister, Sindh High Court chief justice and minorities members of the National and provincial assemblies to take notice of such act of builder mafia and restrain their activities so that the minorities could feel themselves secure in the city.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bosses of a Scottish pub have highlighted a very good reason for men to use their urinals.
A Canadian writer visiting the Lismore snapped and shared a photo of an unusual plaque in the gents toilets.
The watering hole's now infamous urinal has a sign which invites visitors to ‘pay respect' to three unnamed men who participated in the Highland Clearances.
The clearances were the forced the evictions of the residents of Highlands and western islands of Scotland, and resulted in the destruction of the traditional clan society.
After Anne Theriault posted a photo of the sign on Twitter it quickly went viral, receiving thousands of reactions, reports the Daily Record .
(Image: Getty)
The sign, in the pub in Partick, Glasgow, reads: “This urinal is dedicated to three men who participated in the Scottish Highland Clearances.
"These men took part in what is now recognised as a form of Central Government endorsed ethnic cleansing.
“Through their greed and bigotry, they and others have been instrumental in destroying a century old Scottish Highland way of life.
“Please feel free to pay them the respect they deserve.”
(Image: @anne_theriault/Twitter)
Ms Theriault, a writer from Canada, spotted the somewhat sarcastic tribute and tweeted to their nearly 50k followers: “Scotland, man. They don't f*** around.”
It seems that more than 8,000 retweeters agree.
They later added: “My mentions are full of hilarious Scottish people and honestly twitter has never been such a f***ing beautiful dream.”
The Lismore, named after a small island in the Inner Hebrides and famed for its whisky collection, is known for its proud connections with the Highlands.
The Partick pub remains a Glasgow institution - so we're sure more than a few of you will have, ahem, paid tribute at the same urinal before.
© Eric Hurst 5280Fire / YouTube
Saturday night. Plane spotters and stargazers alike were baffled and local residents scared Local media across the US began receiving reports and video footage of what appeared to be, and sounded like, aircraft flying in formation. However, the sheer size of the visible phenomenon fuelled wild speculation online.Theories ranged from military planes, presumed to be C-17s or C-130s, flying in formation, to UFOs and even suggestions that Santa's elves were doing some preliminary reconnaissance before the big night on December 24."When we first noticed the formation it was horizontally stretched out, then, and then it flew in a vertical line directly over our house. Interesting but very strange to say the least," Marci Arant, a South Carolina resident, told RT.com. "My 10 year old was worried we may be getting bombed."The unidentified lights seemed to be flying in a westerly direction, fuelling speculation that they might be aircraft forming part of relief efforts for beleaguered California that has been scorched by a series of intense wildfires in recent days.Denver's South Metro Fire Department spokesperson Eric Hurst uploaded security camera footage from outside their home which captures the full extent of the formation."Strange lights recorded on our roof mounted Nest camera in Littleton which faces northwest. The lights moved from east to west starting at 8:55 p.m. These are possibly a military C-17 formation," Hurst wrote.The FAA, Shaw Air Force Base, McEntire Joint National Guard Base, Columbia Metropolitan Airportthe puzzling shenanigans.
© Michele Tantussi/Getty Images
According to the Associated Press, high winds from the storm dubbed Xavier killed seven people Thursday in Germany and two in Poland on Friday.Officials say the storm knocked out power to tens of thousands of households in Poland after falling trees brought down power lines.In Poland, the storm was responsible for the death of a 67-year-old man trying to secure the roof to their house and a 58-year-old woman, who was killed by a falling tree.On Thursday, the storm was responsible for the death of 54-year-old Sylke Tempel , a prominent journalist and political expert, the Berliner Zeitung reported.A truck driver was also among the victims when a tree fell on their vehicle near Rostock. Four others were killed in Brandenburg, and a woman was killed in Berlin from a falling tree.Gusts of up to 75 mph were reported in Berlin by the storm, prompting the grounding of numerous flights at the city's two airports. Public transportation was also temporarily shut down in the city, and in Wilhelmshaven, a 1,102-pound crane was toppled by the high winds.According to weather.com meteorologist Linda Lam, a strong low-pressure system moved through Germany and Poland on Thursday with strong winds and heavy rainfall."This system will continue tracking through Russia into Saturday," Lam said. "Behind this area of low pressure, cool and breezy conditions will end the week in Germany and Poland, along with the chance of a few showers."At the height of the storm, a high-speed train was evacuated at the border of the Netherlands and Germany. The 400 passengers aboard the train were transported to a nearby gymnasium.Berliner Zeitung reports that more than 2,100 emergency calls were received by the Berlin Fire Brigade as a result of the storm.
MAINEVILLE, Ohio – A police officer in Ohio who accidentally shocked a firefighter with a Taser has made amends with cake.
The Hamilton Township Police Department in Maineville, Ohio, outside Cincinnati, posted the story on its Facebook page on Saturday.
“Ofc. Workman was assisting our FD on an EMS call. When they arrived at the hospital an altercation ensued with the patient in the life squad,” the post read.
The police department said Workman used their Taser to subdue the person but accidentally shocked firefighter Rickey Wagoner.
So, as one does in these situations, the officer gave Wagoner a cake that said, “Sorry I tased you!”
It seemed to have smoothed things over.
No evidence has emerged to suggest Russian hacking influenced the outcome of the U.S. presidential election and it would be irresponsible to jump to conclusions before receiving a final intelligence report, Donald Trump's spokesperson said on Monday.
“There is zero evidence that they influenced the election,” Sean Spicer told Fox News.
Due to become White House press secretary when Trump enters the White House on Jan. 20, Spicer told CNN the president-elect would see the intelligence report once it was completed later this week. On Saturday, Trump warned against being quick to pin the blame on Russia for the hacking of U.S. emails.
“The idea that we're jumping to conclusions before we have a final report is irresponsible,” Spicer told CNN.
President Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian suspected spies and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies last week for alleged Kremlin involvement in hacking that intelligence officials said aimed to help the Republican Trump defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election.
Leading lawmakers from both parties have voiced alarm at the suggestion of Russian interference, whether or not it made a difference in the outcome.
Republican John McCain, chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has scheduled a Thursday hearing on foreign cyber threats. The new Congress, elected on Nov. 8, takes office on Tuesday.
Calling for closer ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Trump has repeatedly played down the hacking affair.
Over the weekend Trump said they knew “things that other people don't know” and would disclose some information on the issue on Tuesday or Wednesday. They gave no further detail.
“He's going to talk about their conclusions and where they think things stand,” Spicer told CNN. “He's not going to reveal anything that was privileged or shared with them classified.”
On Sunday Spicer said the White House may have disproportionately punished Russia.
“It's baffling,” U.S. Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, told MSNBC on Monday. “President-elect Trump does not have any better information than President Obama.”
A Gallup Poll released on Monday showed less than half of Americans were confident in Trump's ability to handle an international crisis, to use military force wisely or to prevent major scandals in their administration.
The poll said at least seven in 10 Americans were confident in presidents Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton in those areas before they took office.
He's a member of one of the funniest families in show biz. Ryan puts Shawn Wayans through the 2 Minute Warning!
SOUTHAMPTON -
Students and organizers are gearing up for the 30th anniversary edition of Summer Music – an annual music camp offering seven programs in Southampton July 24-28.
Organizers Marg Funston, Kim Lake and updated Saugeen Shores councillors on this summer's schedule for the only intergenerational, non-residential music camp in Ontario at the April 10 committee of the whole meeting.
Last year, 192 students attended the camp that offered programs including Tots and Tunes, Musical Beginnings, guitar, instrumental, jazz and the most popular choral program that Lake called a “gem” that usually is one of the first programs to fill up, creating a wait list.
“The instrumental program features instruction for all band instruments, including flute, percussion, trombone, tuba, oboes, saxophone and more,” Lake said, adding they pride themselves on their student/teacher ratio with three instructors for each instrument.
Funston listed the many ways Summer Music benefits the community including free lunch-time concerts, a Festival Winds concert and gala.
“Summer Music benefits the community economically as many families rent cottages and frequent the local restaurants and businesses,” Funston said.
To commemorate the 30th anniversary the festival committee has commissioned a piece called “Saugeen Shores Overture” by David Eastman that will be performed twice during the week.
The Summer Music programs spend seven per cent of its budget to rent various venues in Southampton, including churches and schools.
Vice Deputy Mayor Diane Huber noted that “hoards” of kids show up at Jubilee Park during their music camp breaks, creating a safety challenge at the Victoria/High St. intersection which they called a “dangerous area” and asked about the Town supplying a crossing guard, and other help, during the camp's 30th anniversary. Mayor Mike Smith said the request would be sent to their Director of Public Works for input.
Summer Music kicks off July 24 with the gala July 28 at the Southampton Coliseum.
Summer Music hosts a “Something Different” fundraiser concert May 13 at Port Elgin United Church.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ryanair is calling for a ban on how much booze passengers can buy at airports to clamp down on alcohol-fuelled disorder on flights.
The budget airline says drunken behaviour on flights is getting out of control and airport bosses must act now.
Ryanair wants to introduce a two-drink limit on how much alcohol passengers can buy in airport bars and restaurants.
The company also wants to see a ban on sales before 10am and believes passengers should have to show their boarding pass before being served.
(Image: PA)
Ryanair says the Civil Aviation Authority reported a 600% increase in disruptive passenger incidents in the UK between 2012 and 2016, with most incidents “involving alcohol”.
Ryanair says its rules, if introduced, would stop boozy travellers getting drunk while waiting for planes and causing trouble in the skies.
The firm said in a statement: "Ryanair has already taken a number of measures to prevent disruptive behaviour on its UK flights and customers are not permitted to consume their own duty-free purchases on board.
(Image: Moment RF)
"Customers flying from Glasgow Prestwick and Manchester to Alicante and Ibiza are no longer permitted to bring duty-free alcohol on board the aircraft - and those who have purchased duty-free alcohol will be asked to put it into the hold or leave their purchases behind."
Chief marketing officer Kenny Jacobs added: "It's completely unfair that airports can profit from the unlimited sale of alcohol to passengers and leave the airlines to deal with the safety consequences.
"This is a particular problem during flight delays when airports apply no limit to the sale of alcohol in airside bars and restaurants.
(Image: South Wales Echo)
"This is an issue which the airports must now address and we are calling for significant changes to prohibit the sale of alcohol at airports, particularly with early morning flights and when flights are delayed.
"As the largest airline in Europe, Ryanair's number one priority is the safety of our customers, crew and aircraft and we operate strict guidelines for the carriage of customers who are disruptive or appear to be under the influence of alcohol.
"Given that all our flights are short-haul, very little alcohol is actually sold on board so it's incumbent on the airports to introduce these preventative measures to curb excessive drinking and the problems it creates, rather than allowing passengers to drink to excess before their flights.”
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
High street banking giant Santander has revealed a 21% slump in profit after taking another hit from failed construction giant Carillion and suffering "competitive pressures".
The Spanish-owned lender said pre-tax profits tumbled to £414 million in the first three months of 2018, from £525 million a year earlier.
It took a £60 million impairment charge, including a further writedown on Carillion as well as another firm, understood to be troubled fellow outsourcer Interserve.
Santander added that it would fail to meet its target for 4.7 million loyal retail customers this year, with current numbers standing at 4 million as it has struggled to attract savings deposits.
Rates on a number of its savings products have not been increased since the rate hike last November, while its everyday and instant deposit accounts remain below the 0.5% base rate.
Chief executive Nathan Bostock said: "Our first-quarter results have been impacted by ongoing competitive pressures in the UK."
"Cost discipline remains an area of particular focus for management, with targeted action s expected to reduce the cost run rate over the year and deliver operational efficiencies," they added.
The lender is continuing to review its branch network, having already announced 21 branch closures in the UK over the first half.
The Carillion charge comes after 2017 results fell 5%, dragged lower by £203 million in impairment losses, primarily made up of loans to Carillion gone bad.
Santander repeated warnings over its net interest margins, which are set to be lower this year as stiff competition continues to weigh on the group, while it is also seeing fewer customers on its standard variable rate (SVR) - with around another £5.5 billion reduction expected in 2018.
Santander said it expects the UK economy to continue growing this year "at a similar pace" to 2017 with strong global expansion and real wages growth in the UK providing a fillip.
But it warned that the inflation outlook could be higher than expected, which would hit real wages again and see consumer spending reined in once more.
It saw mortgage lending increase by £1.9 billion to £156.8 billion, with gross lending standing at £7.6 billion in the first quarter alone.
But savings deposits fell £700 million to £60.1 million.
The wider Santander group posted a 10% rise in net profit to 2.05 billion euros (£1.8 billion) for the first quarter, which was higher than expected.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea face three weeks from hell in the New Year after being handed a Champions League last-16 tie against Barcelona in Monday's draw.
Antonio Conte's side will face the Catalan giants over two legs in between some decidedly tough Premier League fixtures against the top two, Manchester City and Manchester United.
The Blues were the only one of the five English sides in Monday's draw for the last-16 who finished second in their group, with their 'punishment' for that being a tie against the five-time Champions League winners.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Blues star Eden Hazard had claimed that they wouldn't be bothered about facing a European giant like Barça last week, but they might change their tune after seeing the run of matches their side face in the New Year.
Chelsea will host Barcelona at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday February 20, before going to Old Trafford for a league game against Manchester United that weekend.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: AFP)
With a potential FA Cup replay in that midweek, they'll then follow that up with a trip to the Etihad Stadium to face Manchester City on the weekend of March 3.
A home clash with Crystal Palace follows on March 10, before the second leg against Barça in the Nou Camp on Wednesday March 14.
Champions League draw in full
Juventus vs Tottenham Hotspur
FC Basel vs Manchester City
Porto vs Liverpool
Sevilla vs Manchester United
Real Madrid vs Paris Saint-Germain
Shakhtar Donetsk vs Roma
Chelsea vs Barcelona
Bayern Munich vs Besiktas
Adjuster: Actuals Est. Tckts 1929 1924 1910
Weekend Box Office
December 8-10, 2017
Weekend
* Production Budget in millions. On average, studios earn approximately 55 percent of the final gross.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
MMA, or mixed martial arts, is among the fastest-growing sports in the world. It's a full-contact practice that mixes everything from boxing and karate to wrestling and judo. Fighters are pitted against one another in a cage and, like traditional boxing, there are weight classes, rounds and rules that govern the sport.
With their expertise in a variety of martial arts, striking and grappling, MMA fighters are viewed as among the best-conditioned and skilled athletes in the sports world and they're making wheelbarrows of money for the promotional companies for which they fight.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An aristocrat has revealed they are “interviewing hard” for a new wife after splitting from their partner because they are too old.
Sir Benjamin Slade , 70, says they are on the lookout for a woman who is “fit”enough to help maintain their two homes, which include a castle in Somerset.
And they cheekily declare those “past their sell-by-date” need not apply.
They said: “I am interviewing hard. I have had a few proposals, but sometimes the women are past their sell-by date and have been over the guns a few times.
“They have to be fit - I have two castles. I am like a feudal prince when it comes to throwing parties.
“I am also on the Genghis Khan diet, which is recommended for young lotharios and involves eating sweet potato, sunflower seeds and horny goat weed.
“It was recommended by my French nephew, who is 70 and hasn't a single grey hair. And Genghis had 2,000 children.”
The eccentric baronet has had a long list of female admirers.
Most recently they were in a relationship with a business person, Bridget Convey, but they separated. “She is 50 so too old to have children,” they explained.
They previously dated the Countess of Carnarvon. “She was very difficult to live with. Good riddance to her.”
The warring couple later went to the High Court to fight for custody of their dog.
Their last girlfriend “went off with my handyman in 2011, but was already showing signs of madness”.
Sir Ben is troubled by their lack of an heir. They previously advertised for a distant relative to take over the estate , offering to pay for DNA testing for anyone with the Slade surname.
Running a 2,000-acre estate, they have explained, is no picnic: “The annual heating bill is £24,000; insurance is £15,000. I've always wished my name was Smith and that I lived in a council house.”
Last year they found themselves in the press after offering a £1,000 ‘dead or alive' reward to anyone who helped them kill a beaver.
by
Why history matters
BY TOM GOYENS
Assistant Professor, History
In 2010, the comedian Stephen Colbert, in all seriousness, asked astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, whether or not knowledge “is always a good thing.” “Yes,” Tyson responded, “because it empowers you to react and possibly even to do something about it if something about it needs to be done.”
But what do we do with people who prefer to live in ignorance rather than value science, countered Colbert. “If they are at maximum comfort in their ignorance, fine,” Tyson said, “except that they will not be the participants on the frontier of cosmic discovery.”
Later in the interview, Tyson underscored that science and its method is “a way of approaching the world; a way of equipping yourself to interpret what happens in front of you.”
The same is true for the study of the human past. History, like science, is both a body of knowledge and a toolbox that empowers you in the here and now.
Empower not to dominate others, but to deepen your perspective, to beat back fear and resignation in the face of a complex world.
Being historically literate means you have agency; you can, if the need arises, dismantle unreasonable claims.
Historical literacy gives you a lens that renders our contemporary world in three or four rather than just two dimensions. This is so because the past is always present, it lingers, it is invoked, denied, praised, used and misused by people in the present.
It is wrong to say that historians only know facts, just as it would be ridiculous to assert that biologists or astronomers only know about DNA and black holes. We are more than fact memorizers.
We are taught a critical method of testing, evaluating, and falsifying. In fact, students of history undergo one of the most rigorous methodological boot camps of any academic discipline: source evaluation, careful interpretation of those sources and exposing linkages through time.
Few other proficiencies can be so effectively and fruitfully put in the service of understanding the present in order to “do something about it if something about it needs to be done.”
By wielding the tools of the historian, you immunize yourself against fakery, complacency and close-mindedness.
In order to engage with reality it helps to gain a wider perspective so that more variables and influences come into view.
Historians are very good at this. The Yale historian John Lewis Gaddis likens the human past to a landscape stretched in front of us with the historian standing on a cliff overlooking the vastness of it all, a position that ensures both “detachment and engagement.”
In a thought experiment, Gaddis once asked their students if the study of history would become obsolete if humans could simply teleport to, say, Rome during the reign of Tiberius.
Some shook their hands. No, because walking the streets of imperial Rome as an investigating time traveler would still not give you the perspective of standing on a precipice overlooking the whole landscape of the Roman world around 20 CE.
Curiously, the question “why does history matter?” is still frequently raised. Notice that far fewer people ask why science should matter, even though historians have much more in common with geologists and evolutionary biologists than with sociologists: all three study historical phenomena by evaluating clues from a vanished world whether it be igneous rock that suggest a bygone ecology or extinct species whose DNA survives in us.
History matters because it is inescapable—it is, in a profound way, in our DNA.
This is not up for debate. The past is all we have got, and we better engage with it in order to watch our step in the present.
Saying that history is simply dabbling in a dead, distant past is not an argument.
As one historian once pointed out, most people who study astronomy will likely never go into space; most people who study genetics will likely never clone an animal.
Every student, every citizen must develop a historical consciousness as a form of empowerment. That is why there are history teachers, history degrees and history requirements for college students.
Historical literacy will teach you that when the North Koreans threaten a renewed war with the United States it is partly because no peace treaty ever concluded the Korean War, and you will also discover why China is such a crucial partner in any current diplomatic solution.
When activists proclaim that “Black Lives Matter,” it is not because they privilege black skin over white skin, but because historical consciousness demands that we must not forget the painful linkage between police brutality today and a long train of systemic racism in the Atlantic world when white skin was privileged.
Historical literacy thus helps to locate oneself in the unfolding march of time, or as modern science would have it, the space-time continuum.
You will not do yourself any favors if you think that “the past” is contained in one box, and “the present” in another as if only the latter is relevant. They are inextricably linked.
History is inescapable and just as we cannot afford a scientifically illiterate electorate, we cannot afford a historically illiterate one.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Swarms of fans descend on airport to greet Oscar
Jurgen Klopp explains what Liverpool have to do t
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Football fans and EPIC rants go together like bread and butter.
Well, all that passion, love and the fact you only have eyes for your team is bound to throw up some absolutely incredible opinions and comments from time to time, isn't it?
The above video starring Liverpool fan Ron suggests the answer to that question is yes - see for yourself if you don't believe us.
The Reds supporter was speaking on BBC Radio 5 Live and started by slamming Chelsea's title hopes, after the Blues recorded their 13th straight win.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
They ask Chris Sutton: "What do you mean if Chelsea slip up? What do you mean IF? No one has ever won the league in January, have they!?"
To be fair to Ron, they make a good point, but buoyed by their insightful start goes for the jugular when talking about the Reds.
(Photo: Ian MacNicol)
"You and the media keep on dismissing Liverpool," they say, before claiming Sutton has already decided Antonio Conte's men have won the league.
Switching up their attack and targeting Manchester City, they admit they cannot pronounce Pep Guardiola's name, but asks: "Who's they managed? Barcelona...
(Photo: A. Beier/Getty)
"Wow, the only problem they've got is Real Madrid."
Ron concludes that they are discounting the Citizens this season, and suggests Guardiola should have splashed out on a few more players over the summer.
PHOENIX (AP) - The deadline for college players to withdraw from the NBA draft has a widespread impact, from the individuals involved to their families to the teams who may select them in June.
The decisions made on or just before Wednesday's deadline also will have a lasting effect on the 2018-19 college basketball season. Teams losing key players will have to find replacements, possibly ending up in rebuilding mode. Teams who get their stars back will be eyeing NCAA Tournament runs.
A rundown of how some of the top teams fared at the NBA draft deadline:
WINNERS
AUBURN. Not only did coach Bruce Pearl pull together one of the nation's top recruiting classes despite the program being caught up in an FBI investigation, they will have three of their top underclassmen back. Bryce Brown, Jared Harper and Austin Wiley all opted to withdraw from the draft, possibly putting the Tigers in position to contend for an SEC title.
NORTH CAROLINA. Luke Maye, an AP third-team All-American, decided to come back after testing the NBA waters, giving the Tar Heels three returning starters to go with the program's best recruiting class in years. They averaged 16.9 points and 10.1 rebounds last season.
GONZAGA. The Zags could have been in a tough spot if Rui Hachimura, Killian Tillie and Zach Norvell had all decided to leave early. All three are back, putting Gonzaga in position for another deep NCAA Tournament run.
PURDUE. The Boilermakers lost four key seniors, but the return of Carsen Edwards, a Big Ten player of the year candidate, and Nojel Eastern leave them in good shape for 2018-19.
FLORIDA. The Gators faced the prospect of losing their leading scorer from last season when Jalen Hudson declared for the draft. They didn't hire an agent and announced Tuesday they are coming back for their senior season, which should help Florida remain competitive in the SEC.
MICHIGAN. Charles Matthews' decision to pull out of the draft and return to Ann Arbor should lessen the loss of big man Moe Wagner, who declared for the draft and hired an agent. Matthews averaged 13 points after sitting out a season following a transfer from Kentucky.
NEVADA. The Wolf Pack had to wait until late Wednesday to get news on the Martin twins, but it was worth it. Cody and Caleb Martin carried Nevada to its first NCAA Tournament victory in more than a decade and their return - with Jordan Caroline - will likely make the Wolf Pack the favorite to win the Mountain West Conference.
LOSERS
VILLANOVA. The 2018 national champions will have to defend their title without four key players who left early. The Wildcats knew they'd lose national player of the year Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges after both signed with agents. Final Four most outstanding player Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman joined them, both saying this week they will remain in the draft.
MARYLAND. The Terps knew they'd be without Justin Jackson after they signed with an agent. The return of Kevin Huerter could have softened the blow, but the sharpshooting forward opted Wednesday to remain in the draft, leaving Maryland without its top two players. At least the Terps will have Bruno Fernando, who decided to return for their sophomore season.
STANFORD. Reid Travis' decision was to withdraw from the NBA draft. That should have been good news for the Cardinal, but instead of being a top contender for Pac-12 player of the year in 2018-19 with them, Travis announced they would play elsewhere as a graduate transfer.
MIXED BAG
BOSTON COLLEGE. The Eagles took a big hit when Jerome Robinson, the ACC's second-leading scorer, opted to hire an agent and remain in the draft. Their return would've given BC nearly its entire team back to pursue the program's first NCAA bid since 2009. The good news: Ky Bowman, the ACC's top returning scorer, decided to withdraw from the draft.
UCLA. The Bruins lost one of the nation's best players when dynamic guard Aaron Holiday declared for the draft and hired an agent in March. UCLA's big loss was offset, at least to a degree, by the decisions of Kris Wilkes and Jaylen Hands to return to Westwood. Freshman forward Cody Riley made it a trio staying at UCLA with a late announcement on Wednesday.
KANSAS. The Jayhawks lost Lagerald Vick and Malik Newman after both declared for the draft and signed with an agent. But Kansas got some good news on Wednesday when burly big man Udoka Azubuike announced they will return for their junior season instead of remaining in the draft.
MICHIGAN STATE. The Spartans will certainly miss Jaren Jackson and Miles Bridges after both hired agents. Michigan State received good news this week, though, when forward Nick Ward decided to head back to East Lansing.
KENTUCKY. The Wildcats kept one, lost two. PJ Washington is staying in Lexington after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds, but Jarred Vanderbilt and Wenyen Gabriel are headed to the pros. Coach Cal has another strong recruiting class coming in and the Wildcats could be in the running for Stanford's Travis, so they should be all right.
___
AP Basketball Writer Aaron Beard in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
MIAMI (AP) - Deputy and counselors recommended institutionalizing Nikolas Cruz long before deadly massacre at Florida school.
DETROIT - OCTOBER 4: President of Michigan State University Lou Anna Simon waits to speak at the start of the 2010 World Stem Cell Summit at the Detroit Marriott Renaissance Center October 4, 2010 in Detroit, Michigan. More than 1,200 scientists and researchers from around the world are expected to attend the summit that focuses on the advancement of embryonic stem cell research. (Photo by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images)
EAST LANSING (WWJ) — Should the president of Michigan State University step down from their position after the gymnastics Dr. Larry Nassar sexual assault scandal? That's what the Michigan House Speaker Tom Leonard believes.
Leonard is calling for Michigan State president Lou Anna K. Simon to resign over their handling — or lack thereof — in the Nassar sexual assault scandal. Lansing Bureau Chief Tim Skubick says Leonard calls Simon's handling of the case grossly incompetent and, at worse, part of a cover-up.
“He says the healing process can not begin at the university until ‘there is a new leader,'” Skubick told WWJ Newsradio 950. “The MSU Board of Trustees is on record with a letter to the editor saying it has full confidence in Dr. Simon. (She) has had no comment on this blockbuster of a story, which indicates there could be some movement in the legislature to look into this if an independent agency does not take a look into what happened at MSU or who knew what and when about Dr. Nassar's conduct.”
Lawyers said last week that no one at Michigan State was aware of the sexual abuse of young female athletes. Patrick Fitzgerald made the disclosure in a letter to state Attorney General Bill Schuette, who had asked for the university's internal report on Nassar.
REACTION: MI House Speaker calling for MSU President to resign following fallout over Larry Nasser — Dr. Mark Schlissel of @UMich comments | @AfternoonsWWJ @WWJ950 pic.twitter.com/iMsz8tpLE3 — Jason Scott (@JasonScottWWJ) December 11, 2017
Fitzgerald said there is no report or “Fitzgerald findings.” But they said Michigan State is “ready, willing and able to cooperate” with any inquiry by state or federal authorities.
University of Michigan president Dr. Mark Schlissel was asked about the handling of the Nassar case from their point of view, but they didn't want to get into the details of it. However, they did say that they can see how some are pointing fingers at Simon in this incident.
“It is a pretty common instinct to look to the leader of an organization and blame them,” Schlissel said during a meeting at the Detroit Economic Club. “So as the leader of an organization I think you have to be very thoughtful and very careful about where you place blame for a challenging problem.”
Schlissel added that Michigan has proper policies and procedures in place to handle an incident of this nature.
Nassar, who had more than 37,000 images of child porn on electronic devices, was sentenced last week to 60 years in prison on three federal charges, the maximum penalty allowed. Separately, he'll be sentenced in state court in January for molesting gymnasts with their hands. Their federal and state sentences will be served consecutively.
A weekend at the lake turned into a terrifying experience for a Minnesota teenager - after they were struck by lightning.
Scroll for more content...
It happened at a cabin near North Long Lake in Brainerd. Monday night, the 15-year-old boy says he's sore, but otherwise, just fine. WCCO's Jeff Wagner shows us how it happened - and why the teenager feels extraordinarily lucky.
A trip to the lake for Corey Wilmer's family usually means fishing, tubing and riding the jet-ski. What happened Saturday was never part of the plan.
"It still hits me every once in a while that I got hit by lightning," Wilmer said.
They say they were lying awake on their bed as a storm passed overnight when a lightning bolt hit the roof of their bunkhouse, sending a charge through the wall, their bed and him.
"The most odd burning sensation going through my whole body and the lightning itself lifted me off my bed," Wilmer said. "And I looked at my bed and it was on fire."
After dousing it with water, they ran into the cabin and found their stepdad, who woke up from the bolt's explosive sound.
"Then Corey came in and said 'I just got struck by lightning.' I'm like no you didn't and he's like well I had to put out a fire with the water bottle. And I'm like ok I better go check that out," Edwin Griego, Wilmer's stepdad, said.
"Then they took off their shirt and I saw the spider marks on their left shoulder. I'm a paramedic and you only see that in textbooks," Griego said.
Worried about their heart, Wilmer spent half a day in the hospital. The bunkhouse had its own scars: A blown out window, hole in the roof and cracked siding.
"And then we had debris that was blown out past the cars," Griego said.
After surviving a lightning strike, you'd think Wilmer might buy a lotto ticket or count their blessings. Instead, they went back to their normal weekend plans: Fishing and enjoying the lake.
"I'm just happy I didn't get the entire strike because the doctors were saying if I had got the whole bolt this would have been a completely different story," Wilmer said.
A shocking story at that – in more ways than one. Since the lightning strike – Wilmer has gotten a few new nicknames from their family: Flash – Bolt – Thunderstruck. They're just not sure yet which one will stick.
Canada Day 2018 was supposed to be Cannabis Day, as we became the first industrialized country to officially legalize recreational marijuana.
Alas, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's bold vision has once again bumped up against reality, and it will be mid-October beforeprovinces pull together the systems required to take over distribution and regulation.
All Ottawa had to do was pass a law and slap an excise tax of a dollar a gram on recreational sales. B.C. has to create and regulate a production, warehouse and retail store system, enforce an age limit of 19, a public possession limit of 30 grams, a home growing limit of four plants, and step up its existing efforts to control drug-impaired driving.
B.C. has chosen to mirror its alcohol sales system for the new era. The Liquor Distribution Branch will have a wholesale monopoly and open stand-alone “BC Cannabis Stores” staffed by unionized liquor store employees with additional training. But as with liquor retailing, private stores will be allowed to compete, as long as they can get provincial and local approval.
The province is about to experience a reality check too. Walking around downtown Victoria, I see a pot store every couple of blocks in some places. Some have city licences, some don't. Most pretend to be medical dispensaries, selling buds with nameslike “Bubba God” and “Gorilla Glue” because they're, you know, medicine.
These dispensaries claim their pot comes from federally licensed medical producers, but that's often fiction too. B.C. has something that is now called a “craft cannabis” industry that the B.C. government is trying to keep from killing off, while somehow weeding out our world-famous organized crime producers.
Kootenay MLAs are worried that legalization is going to collapse a large part of their local economies, as big greenhouse factories take over. The recently formed B.C. Independent Cannabis Association is predicting there will be a huge shortage of legitimate product, starting the day legalization takes effect. And no one expects the drug gangs to go quietly.
There is still no approved roadside test for pot impairment, although police in B.C. have been given the same 90-day roadside suspension authority they have for drinking and driving. And there is another problem, with the state of the Liquor Distribution Branch.
The government quietly released a report in late June, detailing the struggles of craft beer, cider and spirits producers with the provincial distribution monopoly. The NDP government, like the B.C. Liberals, loves the craft industry like it loves B.C. wineries, but you wouldn't know it from the way they're being treated.
Craft cider producers describe the out-of-date system they deal with. Those who produce cider with only B.C. apples are lumped in with the LDB's “pre-mixed cocktails and coolers” in the “refreshments” category.
“It finds itself categorized with products such as Mike's Hard Lemonade, Growers and other ‘cooler'-style beverages that are generally made with high levels of sugar, artificial flavouring and the addition of spirits,” craft producers say in the report.
The “refreshments” category comes with a 73 per cent wholesale markup, which is the government's cut. For a bottle of commercial vodka, by the way, it's 124 per cent. This tells you why the LDB hasn't yet comprehended what “craft cider” actually is. It took years of political attention to bring the wholesale markup for craft beer down to 12-14 per cent.
What will the LDB's wholesale markup be for craft cannabis, or for that matter any cannabis? They're still working on that, but so far they haven't figured out they're killing craft cider.
Tom Fletcher is B.C. legislature reporter and columnist for Black Press. Email: tfletcher@blackpress.ca
@tomfletcherbc
tfletcher@blackpress.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
(CNN) — Chris Liddell, the former chief financial officer at Microsoft and General Motors, has been tapped to serve as deputy chief of staff for policy coordination, the White House announced on Monday.
Liddell, who currently serves as a top aide in the Jared Kushner-led Office of American Innovation, was in the running to succeed Gary Cohn as National Economic Council director but was passed up for the post. Their promotion will elevate a key Kushner ally to a top position at chief of staff John Kelly's side at a time of lingering tensions between Kelly and the President's son-in-law and senior adviser.
“He has extensive experience managing large organizations and has already overseen a number of interagency processes in the White House. In their new role Chris will manage the policy process as we continue to enact the President's agenda,” White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said.
Related Content: Trump jokes ‘who's next?' as tumult engulfs their White House
Politico first reported Liddell's promotion.
Kelly called Liddell “widely respected across the administration” and said they are “highly qualified to oversee and coordinate our policy process.”
Liddell will work alongside Joe Hagin, who is the deputy chief of staff for operations.
The previous deputy chief of staff, Rick Dearborn, left the White House on Friday after resigning several months earlier. Kelly's previous top deputy chief of staff, Kirstjen Nielsen, left the White House after they were nominated to become secretary of Homeland Security.
Jim Carroll, who previously worked in the White House counsel's office, served as a deputy chief of staff in the wake of Nielsen's departure, but was never formally appointed to the position despite initial plans to do so. They now serves as acting director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Tory minister has made a humiliating climbdown after they failed to challenge a "conspiracy theory" that civil servants are trying to sabotage Hard Brexit.
Brexit minister Steve Baker wrongly claimed they had heard the "extraordinary allegation" from a think tank boss.
They said Charles Grant of the Centre for European Reform told them Treasury officials - who are meant to be impartial - have been promoting staying in the customs union in order to influence policy.
Yet Mr Grant categorically denied they did so - and was vindicated by an audio clip proving them right.
Tonight Mr Baker said they would apologise to Mr Grant and "clarify my remarks to the House."
They tweeted: "I answered a question based on my honest recollection of a conversation. As I said, I considered what I had understood to be implausible, because of the impartiality of the civil service.
"The audio of that conversation is now available and I am glad the record stands corrected. In the context of that audio, I accept that I should have corrected the premise of the question."
(Image: UK parliament)
Speaking in the House of Commons, Mr Baker wrongly claimed that Mr Grant had made the allegation, even though they had not.
They told MPs the theory was "implausible" but did not say it was untrue - making their boss, Brexit Secretary David Davis, visibly wince.
The FDA civil service union said Mr Baker's behaviour was the "height of irresponsibility" and questioned whether they were fit for the job.
(Image: Reuters)
General Secretary Dave Penman said: "To stand at the despatch box and refuse to challenge a half-baked conspiracy theory about the civil service – one that is even now being disowned by its supposed source – is the height of irresponsibility from a serving minister.
"It is not good enough for Mr Baker to simply shrug their shoulders and allow unfounded accusations about officials to go unchallenged.
“These cowardly actions are beneath the office they hold, and Mr Baker risks seriously undermining the government they are a part of.”
The exchange came after Jacob Rees-Mogg, leader of the hardline European Research Group of Brexiteer Tories, raised the allegation in the House of Commons.
They asked Mr Baker to confirm if they heard from Charles Grant, of the Centre for European Reform, that "officials in the Treasury have deliberately developed a model to show that all options other than staying in the customs union were bad and that officials intended to use this to influence policy".
Steve Baker replied it was "essentially correct" that they had heard the "extraordinary allegations".
They said: "[Mr Rees-Mogg's] account is essentially correct.
(Image: AFP)
"At the time I considered it implausible because my direct experience is that civil servants are extraordinarily careful to uphold the impartiality of the civil service.
"We must proceed with great caution in this matter, but I have heard them raise the issue.
"We need to be very careful not to take this forward in an inappropriate way, but they have reminded me of something that I heard.
"It would be quite extraordinary if it turned out that such a thing had happened."
They denied that they had said the allegation itself was true, but added: "I still consider it an extraordinary allegation."
It comes just a day after Mr Baker attacked their own civil servants by saying their forecasts are "always wrong".
Mr Baker was responding to damning leaked government analysis that said three proposed Brexit scenarios would leave Britain worse off than staying in the EU.
(Image: PA)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Since then, new leaked analysis has said the harm of cutting immigration outweighs the benefits of a US trade deal.
Ex-Chancellor George Osborne warned the "sums don't stack up" for a hard Brexit and said MPs could block the plans.
They also warned the Tories could lose the election if they pursue a hard Brexit that involves leaving the customs union and single market.
Mr Osborne said: "We now face a series of choices about the kind of Brexit we want and we have a much clearer idea of the consequences."
They added: "We should look clearly at the costs and benefits of, for example, leaving the customs union and doing less trade with Europe versus what we might gain from doing a trade deal with America.
"At the moment the sums don't stack up for that kind of decision.”
(Image: PA)
Labour MP Pat McFadden, a backer of anti-Brexit group Open Britain, said: "This week we've seen Ministers rubbish their own Government's documents, attack all forecasting, take pot shots at the Bank of England and reprimand parliament about its role.
"None of this is healthy for our democracy.
"The response to the reports of the Government's Brexit analysis have been like something from conspiracy-theory central."
Theresa May today said EU nationals will not get full residency rights if they arrive in the 'transition period' after 2019 - kick-starting a fresh fight with the EU, which says they should.
And their Trade Secretary Liam Fox admitted trade deals could be "some time away".
Asked about signing trade deals, they told Sky News: "We haven't got to Brexit yet of course - and that may be some time away if we've got an implementation period."
Despite the backlash, Mr Rees-Mogg stood by the "conspiracy theory" tonight - insisting there was a Whitehall plot against Hard Brexit.
The MP said they still had a "worrying suspicion" about "bonkers" Treasury calculations and its interaction with pro-Remain bodies like the Confederation of British Industry.
They said: "You just wonder whether there isn't a pattern in that, whether there isn't some orchestration rather than being an accidental constellation of the stars."
They added Treasury forecasts "are designed to a particular end, and the end is to show the only thing we should do, lo and behold, is stay in the Customs Union - which basically means not leaving the EU."
But in a blue-on-blue attack, they added: "The blame always has to lie with ministers... I think it's the Chancellor of the Exchequer who has to take responsibility for their department."
On Charles Grant's comments they admitted: "If they say they didn't make it, they say they didn't make it.
× Expand Photo by Thinkstock
Richmond's inverse-Times Square tradition is back: The HofGarden event space and beer garden in Scott's Addition's Hofheimer Building will host the New Year's Eve Ball Rise Dec. 31 into the wee hours of the new year.
The Ball Rise tradition started in 2006 above the Byrd Theatre in Carytown and ended in 2012 when the event drew such large crowds that it became too expensive to host. Hardywood Park Craft Brewery held the event in 2013, and the Ball Rise hasn't been seen since.
The 40-foot Ball Rise was originated by Byrd Theatre Manager Todd Schall-Vess, who says, “I think it's pretty neat that the tradition will be moving from one 89-year-old building to another.” (The Byrd Theatre and the Hofheimer Building were both built in 1928.)
Bobby Kruger, general manager of The HofGarden, explains that permits to erect the tower have been submitted to the city and, if approved, the ball will rise above the venue on New Year's Eve. The event at The HofGarden is ticketed, and the Ball Rise is not part of a street festival as in previous years in Carytown. “We're thrilled to have this tradition come to Scott's Addition” they say. “If the community embraces the idea, it could grow into an outdoor event in years to come.”
The Ball Rise will take place on The HofGarden's rooftop bar, during the venue's New Year's Eve party, 7 p.m. on Sunday, Dec. 31, through 2 a.m. on Jan. 1. The event is ticketed; general admission tickets are $35, and VIP tickets are $50 each. More information and tickets will be available at The HofGarden's website.
Per a new public poll issued by the Angus Reid Institute, Canadians are split right down the middle when it comes to the federal government's decision to purchase the proposed TransMountain pipeline project. (Black Press files)
Twinning the B.C. section of the Trans Mountain pipeline will begin in the North Thompson by this fall, the company says in its latest six-month work schedule filed to the National Energy Board.
Work is underway along the entire line from Edmonton to Burnaby to set up temporary construction yards and camps with worker accommodation and construction offices, as well as pipe stockpile sites in Valemount, Blue River, Clearwater, Merritt and Hope.
Work is scheduled to begin in September to clear and survey a 120 km section of pipeline route between Mt. Robson Provincial Park and Blue River, connecting to a longer section between Edmonton and Jasper National Park in Alberta.
Work includes wildlife surveys, weed control and relocation of rare plants to comply with the 157 conditions required by the NEB and a further 37 conditions in the B.C. government's environmental certificate. Despite federal and provincial approvals and what the company calls “unprecedented scrutiny,” the project continues to be dogged by orchestrated protests.
RELATED: Trans Mountain: The economics of oil
RELATED: Simpcw First Nation patrols pumping stations
Spending on the project has resumed after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced in May the federal government is buying the project assets for $4.5 billion, to ensure the twinning of the 65-year-old pipeline that delivers synthetic heavy crude and refined fuels from the Alberta oil sands to B.C. and Washington state refineries.
Kinder Morgan Canada negotiated the sale after setting a deadline of late May to have assurances that the project would proceed without interference from the B.C. government.
Work continues this summer on expansion of the Sumas terminal at Abbotsford, Burnaby terminal and Westridge marine terminal, which includes a tunnel through a portion of Burnaby Mountain.
more to come…
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For seven days the families of the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire have gathered in an unremarkable conference suite.
In that room, just 20 minutes from the burnt remains of the building which changed their lives for ever, they have taken turns to share stories of heartbreak, loss and, most overwhelmingly, love.
Some relatives have screamed their demands for justice and others have wept as they shared stories of lives cut short in the inferno.
The final day of commemoration saw father of victim Farah Hamdan, 31, weeping as they recalled how their daughter was found clutching their six-month-old granddaughter as they tried to flee.
Distraught grandad Hamdan El Alami paid tribute to Farah's husband Omar Belkadi, 31 and their children Malak, eight, and Leena, six months.
They all died as they tried to escape their flat on the blazing building's 20th floor.
Mum-of-two Farah was found clutching Leena in their arms between the 19th and 20th floors.
Hamdan broke down at the Millennium Gloucester Hotel hearing as they described seeing the family for the last time: “Death has separated us and torn me into pieces.”
The inquiry also heard the story of a grandmother who begged their son to stay away from the blaze that killed them and their sister.
Just hours before their death Sakineh Afrasehabi, 65, had cooked dinner for their family.
Them sister Fatemeh was staying, during a visit from their native Iran.
As the night wound to a close, Sakineh walked their daughter Nazanin Aghlani and their grandson to the lift.
(Image: PA)
They asked to kiss them one last time before they left.
Hours later, as the blaze ripped through the building, they rang their son and told them to stay away and stay safe.
“Even though they were being surrounded by fire and smoke, they told me not to come,” Sharok said. “That's the meaning of love.”
Nazanin described how the family had told the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea about their “vulnerable” mother.
Blaming “corporate negligence” for their mother' death they explained that Sakineh was partially sighted and disabled.
(Image: PA)
They said: “She couldn't go down 18 floors of stairs on a good day, let alone in a fire. Them human right to escape was denied even before the fire happened.”
The inquiry heard how their sister Fatemeh's husband was refused a visa to attend the inquiry and pay tribute to their wife.
The hearings were suspended for an hour after an elderly relative of the ­Choucair family collapsed during a film tribute to the six family members who died.
The inquiry also heard of former Buckingham Palace electrician Raymond ‘Moses' Bernard, a 64-year-old father of three, who sheltered six people in their top-floor flat as they waited for a rescue effort that never came.
(Image: PA)
“He did not deserve to die by suffocation, cyanide poisoning and ultimately be burned,” their daughter Bernadette said.
“Where there is no justice there is no peace. I will never forget, I will never forgive.”
The brother of pharmacist Khadija Khalloufi had a statement read out because visa delays meant they couldn't attend.
The morning after the fire, Karim Khalloufi called their sister repeatedly, “but to no avail”.
A friend in the UK told them Ms Khaloufi's husband had been found, which raised their hopes their sister had survived.
The next day, Karim was told their body had been found.
They went on: “You cannot imagine the helplessness and pain when you are far away and no-one is telling you what happened and why.”
(Image: PA)
The inquiry had heard the haunting last words of Mohamed Amied Neda, 57, in a final call before falling to their death.
Mohamed, who lived on the top floor, said: “Goodbye, we are leaving this world now. I hope I haven't disappointed you.”
On the opening day tributes were paid to stillborn baby Logan Gomes. Logan's mother Andreia escaped but lost their son.
Describing the moment they held their stillborn Logan dad Marco said: “He looked just like they were sleeping. We felt our hearts break.”
Next week the inquiry moves to nearby Holborn Bars. The homemade video tributes and stories of the victims will be replaced by highly paid lawyers debating procedure.
But the families will pray that it will be this first session that lingers in the mind of panel chair Sir Martin Moore-Bick.
They hope their stories and the faces of their loved ones they will see when they draft their report.
Searches for the most distant galaxies have now probed earlier than the first billion years in the history of the universe, early enough to start seeing the primary effects of the first stars: the reionization of neutral atoms. Astronomers want to understand how galaxies formed and evolved in this period, the timescale over which this reionization took place, the nature of the objects that provided the ionizing photons, and the scenarios in which galaxies and their interstellar medium (ISM) become enriched with atoms made in stellar furnaces.
Although galaxies from this era are currently being discovered in deep optical and near-infrared surveys, most of them are low-mass galaxies, very faint, and the enrichment process is difficult to study. More luminous, massive star-forming galaxies are thought to be present and to play a major role in reionization, but because these large objects are difficult to assemble so early in cosmic time there are not many of them.
Massive star-forming galaxies that contain dust emit strongly radiation at submillimeter wavelengths and these objects can be found using submillimeter telescopes. They therefore offer the opportunity to study extreme cases of metal/dust enrichment of the ISM early in the era of reionization.
CfA astronomers Matt Ashby and Chris Hayward were members of a large team using the South Pole Telescope to detect a set of these dusty galaxies. They determined their distances using the ALMA telescopes by looking at the redshifted wavelength of carbon monoxide molecule in their ISM.
The farthest known dusty galaxy was detected in this way, and subsequent observations of it with other facilities confirmed its cosmological distance. The scientists constrained the properties of the object by modeling the observed continuum and spectral lines, and found that the object has a mass in gas of about 330 billion solar-masses; for comparison, the estimated gas mass of the Milky Way is about five billion solar-masses (most of its mass is in stars).
The dusty galaxy is forming new stars at an estimated rate of several thousand per year - although with the assumption that the process is similar to what is seen in nearby galaxies. This rare and distant object offers one of the best probes so far into the activity in galaxies when the universe was very young.
Using the NASA/ESA Hubble Telescope, a team of astronomers finds more than 250 galaxies shown at the top of the page that were in existence less than a billion years after the Big Bang, making this one of the most significant discoveries of dwarf galaxies from that time.
“The light from these galaxies took over 12 billion years to reach the telescope, allowing the astronomers to look back in time when the universe was still very young,” according to a statement from Hubble.
The Daily Galaxy via Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics
(ABC)– A self-driving Uber car hit and killed a bicyclist early Monday morning in Tempe, Arizona, police said.
The vehicle was in “autonomous mode at the time of the collision, with a vehicle operator behind the wheel,” Tempe police said in a statement.
The female bicyclist died of their injuries at a hospital, police said.
“Uber is assisting and this is still an active investigation,” according to the police statement.
Uber tweeted that, “Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We're fully cooperating with @TempePolice and local authorities as they investigate this incident.”
This is a breaking news story. Please check back for updates.
It was a horrible high-pitched squeal that suddenly made us aware that something serious was happening close by. But little did we expect to see a juvenile stoat attempting to kill a large rabbit just yards from the RSPB Campfield Marsh building where we were eating our picnic lunches.
It was certainly one of nature's less attractive moments, but as we were on a four night 'Autumn Wildlife in the Lake District' holiday, then it became one of the major talking points with our fellow guests back at HF Holiday's lovely Derwent Bank Hotel during the evening.
Located on the banks of one of Cumbria's most attractive lakes and just over a mile from the town of Keswick in the pretty village of Portinscale, Derwent Bank is one of 18 UK hotels owned by the company which began life as Holiday Fellowship back in 1913.
Surrounded on all sides by mountains, Portinscale's village name has an odd twist for in old English it means 'Harlot's Hut' – Portcwene meaning 'harlot' and skálitranslated as 'hut' – so you can draw your own conclusion as to what went on there!
Britain's Lake District was granted UNESCO World Heritage status just six months ago which positions it with other ‘must see' iconic outdoor destinations such as the Grand Canyon and Great Barrier Reef and I was delighted to be invited there for a four night stay by HF Holidays.
Following an easy four-and-a-half hour drive from Bedford, I was met by 28-year-old Russell Hedley, our wildlife expert and guide for the duration of the holiday. Now I've met several naturalists before, but Russell's knowledge really rubbed off on our group of ten – which included five retired teachers – their sheer enthusiasm seemingly taking everybody's interest in wildlife to a new level.
Sitting together in the hotel's lounge on the first evening, Russell explained that they intended taking us into coniferous forests and deciduous woodland and then to visit wetland habitats in the hope that we might see plenty of wildlife, although they added that the intended itinerary was always subject to change.
Our transport for the Monday to Friday holiday was a Mercedes minibus driven by Bolton-born Nathan Greenhalgh who, just weeks earlier, had been ferrying the cast and crew of the television drama The 'A' Word around its lakeland location.
"I had breakfast with Christopher Eccleston and Lee Ingleby one morning and they were delightful," they said. "However I wasn't allowed to say anything about the filming or the actual locations as it's all very hush hush."
Our first destination on the Tuesday morning was to Whinlatter Forest, the largest human-made plantation on a mountainside in Britain. It was established between the two World Wars in a bid to replace some of the timber used in the Great War.
We spent the morning searching for the elusive red squirrel and despite seeing plenty of signs – and a few colourful crossbills – our quarry remained hidden apart from seeing one on a live camera feed on television once we returned to the forest's visitor centre.
There were plenty of LBJs – Little Brown Jobs – which I failed to identify with my limited knowledge although we spent our lunchtime watching the bird feeders which attracted dozens of blue, coal and great tits, chaffinches and the occasional siskin plus Britain's smallest bird, the goldcrest.
After that we drove off to the other side of Keswick to visit the Great Wood and Frier's Crag before we walked into town alongside the lakeshore where we watched a huge murmuration of starlings, redwings chasing mistle thrushes from tree to tree, a pair of goosanders, a shy kingfisher and a whooper swan which was being hounded by a slightly larger male mute swan.
In total we walked around seven miles and also enjoyed a hot chocolate at the Keswick Theatre restaurant before returning to the hotel for a hot shower before dinner. En route we passed Keswick's quirky Pencil Museum while that evening we were treated to a talk by Keswick Museum's curator who bought along a huge selection of strange objects for us to try and identity and to guess their age and useage.
The following morning we set out for the Woodlands Trust-owned Powter How where Russell pointed out dozens of different fungi and numerous plants but again the squirrels stayed hidden.
Then it was off to lakeland's most northerly mass of water, the four mile long Bassenthwaite Lake in the shadow of the mountains of Blencathra at 868 metres and Skiddow at 931 metres, the latter being the sixth highest peak in England.
It's only found in Bassenthwaite and Derwentwater, but the vendace is one of the world's rarest fish, having been trapped there after the Ice Age. However as the lake has otters and cormorants on its shores, it could well be even rarer – or even extinct – as their quest for food wouldn't distinguish the vendace from any other fish!
Sadly there were no waders but just a few tufted ducks on show so we headed off to the more impressive seven hectare Dubwatch Silver Meadow wetland nature reserve where we first spotted a peregrine falcon while several snipe rose from the boggy landscape to zig-zag away into the distance.
Given that barn owls are common there, we popped into the nearby Pheasant pub to sample their mulled wine before returning to the meadow as dusk began to fall only to find a couple of owl pellets which were carefully dissected by Russell and the group back at the hotel. It revealed that the owl had eaten three individual field voles plus a tiny shrew in the last 24 hours.
Our final full day saw a change of plan, for instead of visiting the re-wilding projects at Ennerdale, Russell arranged for us to travel north to the Solway Firth where the sun shone all day from a cloudless blue sky and gave us excellent views across the water to Dumfries and Galloway in Scotland.
It was also easily our most successful day of wildlife watching as we saw more than 30 bird species, from various waders on the shoreline like dunlin and redshank to numerous winter visitors like fieldfares and whopper swans. And then there was that stoat which managed to disable the unfortunate rabbit only to run away into a nearby barn every time it let out that high-pitched squeal.
But the little stoat returned at least a dozen times before finally ending the poor bunnies misery with a savage bite to the back of the neck. It then proceeded to try and push the rabbit into the barn only to discover that it was much easier to pull it. It took it at least 20 minutes but it was a Lesser learned and it also reminded us that nature itself can be so very cruel.
Walking out onto the boggy Campfield Marsh reserve on a raised walkway, we spotted three roe deer while our hopes of seeing that elusive red squirrel quickly evaporated. However we were treated to watching a large flock of pink-footed geese and four whooper swans fly in to roost for the night.
Over the three days we had spotted and enjoyed seeing 113 different species of birds, plants and fungi, all carefully logged by Russell who present a list to us at our final evening get-together. Oh! and one thing I had never heard of before was that by reversing your binoculars and looking through the 'wrong' end, they become microscope-like when viewing plants or leaves from close quarters.
DERWENT BANK HOTEL
Located on the shore of Derwentwater in the quaint Cumbrian village of Portinscale close to the town of Keswick, the four-star Derwent Bank Hotel has been owned by HF Holidays since 1937 although it actually dates back to 1788 when it was constructed as Finkel Street House by Joseph Pocklington (1736-1817).
However the house has been sold to various owners since then and has undergone some major changes in appearance, its three-storey original having been deemed 'very ugly' by all who saw it, its owner being branded 'A Man With No Taste' by the locals.
Various wings and extensions have been added and major improvements made by its later owners down the years. But the biggest changes came in the early 1900s when wealthy widow Emily Haigh Edmondson (1862-1936) had several walls removed, opening up some of the rooms while adding a number a dated feature like the huge wooden fireplace which stands proudly from floor to ceiling in the current dining room.
However once Holiday Fellowship purchased it together with its 20 plus acres of woodland garden in 1937, they began adding bathrooms, toilets and extending upwards above the current bar/cafe area, bringing the number of bedrooms to 38 – 23 being twins and 15 singles.
Having undergone a total refurbishment just last year, Derwent Bank has everything you need for an outdoor-style holiday, especially with that separate boot room to help with the drying of the wet clothing and footwear, the entire lakes region likely to suddenly change from bright sunshine to a torrential downpour at the drop of a hat.
There are no particular frills inside the building itself which has a large comfortable lounge, a conservatory and bar while its bedrooms are nicely finished. Our premier room (No15) looked out across the lake with its wooden jetty while other rooms faced the extensive flower and vegetable gardens and the hotel's own bee hives.
All the room are nicely furnished and provide plenty of storage while there is the usual television, tea and coffee making facilities and free Wi-Fi while the beds themselves are particularly comfortable.
Derwent Bank currently has 13 staff members under the guidance of its Spanish manager Mariano Marcos-Granados who has been with HF Holidays for a total of 21 years and has headed up the Portinscale operation for more than a decade.
"I've really enjoyed my time here," they told me. "We've got a great staff and we really try and give our guests an enjoyable experience. They are really loyal to the HF Holidays brand and many return years after year and have become good friends.
"Our head chef João is Portuguese and they look to use as much local produce as possible. In fact last night's six-course dinner was pretty much all local produce, even the tapas starter of Serrano ham, chorizo and salami were made here," they added.
While local dishes often include Cumbrian Herdwick lamb, English Lakes ice cream together with numerous Cumbrian cheeses, everything else is supplied by local butchers and grocers. Drinks too are brewed and distilled locally with speciality gin now becoming a firm favourite.
However it was the breakfasts that I particularly loved. A bowl of freshly-made yoghurt with honey and granola plus a fruit juice to start with and then a truly memorable Full English – black pudding, bacon, sausage and hash browns, tomato, beans, fried bread and plenty of mushrooms. While there were plenty of other choices all cooked to order, the former certainly set me up for a day of healthy walking and bird watching in the crisp lakeland air!
There's a choice of lunchtime picnic sandwiches – which you pre-order the night before – while you can then load up your lunch bag with fruit, crisps, pies and healthy snacks before setting off for the day.
It's the same at dinner, for you are able to choose the following evening's three-course meal just after you've eaten the current one and before you meet up with fellow guests in the conservatory for coffee afterwards.
One word of warning… on arrival day we happily tucked into warm scones, jam and cream at 4pm but then struggled through dinner a mere three hours later. Just saying!
FACT FILE
Travel writer Alan Wooding and photographer Alan Stafford was guests of HF Holidays – www.hfholidays.co.uk – on their four night 'Autumn Wildlife in the Lake District' holiday staying at the Derwent Bank Hotel on the shores of Derwentwater in the village of Portinscale. The hotel is open year round and caters for all outdoor activities, both guided and self-guided walks plus cycling.
Wildlife expert Russell Hedley has worked with HF Holidays for five years and is managing director of Talks & Walks Guided Nature Tours – www.naturetalksandwalks.co.uk, tel: 07505 149582, email russ@naturetalksandwalks.co.uk
Many thanks to Alison Barr and all at Gough Bailey Wright – www.gough.co.uk tel: 01527 579555 – of St John's House, 16 Church Street, Bromsgrove, B61 8DN for arranging the holiday.
HF HOLIDAYS
All HF Holiday country houses welcome self-guided walkers, so you can enjoy the same diverse array of scenery, culture, history and wildlife as the rest of the guests, but with the freedom to explore wherever and whenever you choose. Each of the houses has a Discovery Point packed with a selection of local walks for you to explore. All you need to do is decide how far you feel like walking that day, pick your route card off the wall, lace up your boots and head off.
HF Holidays is actually owned by its members. Standard membership can be brought for a minimum investment of £100 (100 £1 shares) while Investment Membership means an minimum outlay of £1,000 (1,000 £1 shares) – details at www.hfholidays.co.uk/membership or call 020 8732 1290. Membership itself means various rewards, discounts and advanced booking privileges.
With over 100 years' expertise in creating unique breaks, HF Holidays have devised special courses with experts for Photography, Arts & Crafts, Music, Theatre and Festivals, Dancing, Natural World, Mind & Body, Bridge and Touring. And while the majority of these activities take place in Great Britain, there is the opportunity to travel to all parts of the globe by checking out the website at www.hfholidays.co.uk
The 18 HF County Houses inn the UK are:
Chy Morval, St Ives, Cornwall;
Harrington House, Bourton-on-the Water, Cotswolds;
The Pevril of the Peak, Doverdale, Derbyshire;
Freshwater Bay House, Isle of Wight;
Derwent Bank, Portinscale, Cumbria;
Monk Coniston, Coninstonwater, Cumbria;
Longwynd House, Church Stretton, Shropshire;
Abingworth Hall, Abingworth, Sussex;
Craflwyn Hall, Snowdon, Wales;
Dolserau Hall, Dolgellau, Wales;
Alltshellach, Glen Coe, Scotland;
Larpool Hall, Whitby, Yorkshire;
West Lulworth House, Luworth Cove, Dorset;
Holnicote Gouse, Selworthy, Devon;
Nether Grange, Alnmoutrh, Northumberland;
Nythfa House, Brecon, Wales;
Newfield Hall, Malhamdale, Yorkshire Dales;
Thorns Hall, Sedbergh, Yorkshire Dales.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jewish leaders described a crucial meeting with Jeremy Corbyn over anti-Semitism in the Labour Party as a “ disappointing missed opportunity”.
Leaders said their hope of “building trust” with Mr Corbyn had been dashed after their failure to agree to any of their demands.
They issued a damning statement following the two-hour meeting with the Labour leader saying that Mr Corbyn's proposals “fell short of the minimum level of action which our letter suggested”.
Referring to an article penned by Mr Corbyn, they continued: “Words in letters and newspaper articles will never be enough.
“We welcome the fact that Mr Corbyn's words have changed but it is action by which the Jewish community will judge them and the Labour Party.”
Referring to the huge demonstration outside Parliament by Jewish Labour MPs and members they said: “Thousands of British Jews did not demonstrate outside Parliament just for a few lawyers and another newspaper article; they demanded action and so do we.”
But Mr Corbyn described it as a “positive and constructive” meeting.
They said: “I am absolutely committed to rooting out antisemitism from our party and our society.
"When members of Jewish communities express genuine anxieties, we must recognise them as we would those of any other community. Their concerns are not ‘smears'.
"Jews belong in the Labour Party and we are utterly committed to making it a safe and welcoming place for them.”
Ahead of the meeting the two Jewish groups had sent a letter setting out a series of demands.
They want a timetable to deal with outstanding allegations of anti-Semitism and for the party to accelerate investigations into long-standing cases such as the accusations against the former London mayor Ken Livingstone.
They also wanted “transparent oversight” of Labour's disciplinary process and a ban on MPs sharing a platform with somebody expelled or suspended from the party for anti-Semitism.
(Image: PA)
Labour sources disputed the depiction by the Jewish groups and insisted that most of the requests that were put ahead of the meeting were agreed.
They said that Labour had agreed to the request for Ken Livingstone and Jackie Walker's cases to be sped up was agreed that those would be dealt with by the end of July.
And they said they planned to introduce time limits on dealing with alleged cases of anti-Semitism.
Jeremy Corbyn hosted the meeting alongside new general secretary Jennie Formby and shadow communities and local government secretary Andrew Gwynne.
Earlier today the Labour leader delivered their most fullsome apology yet for the anti- Semitism within their party.
Mr Corbyn has been dogged by claims anti-Semitism has been allowed to run “rife” in the party under their premiership.
They admitted the party's internal checks have “been simply not fully fit for purpose” and “we did not look closely enough at ourselves”.
(Image: PA)
“We have not done enough fully to get to grips with the problem, and for that the Jewish community and our own Jewish members deserve an apology,” they write.
“My party and I are sorry for the hurt and distress caused.”
The Labour leader's admissions came in an article for the London Evening Standard, published just hours before their meeting with representatives from the Board of Deputies of British Jews and the Jewish Leadership Council.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They said: "We must also face the uncomfortable fact that a small number of our members and supporters hold anti-Semitic views and attitudes, which need to be confronted and dealt with more rapidly and effectively."
It comes after Jewish Labour MPs stood up in the House of Commons and gave distressing testimony of the anti-Semitic abuse they have faced.
Following today's meeting the Labour Against Antisemitism issued a statement saying the failure of the meeting "stains the Labour Party".
It read: "It is hard to see where the Labour Party goes from here. The dark stain of racism has never been more nakedly visible on any major British party in over 100 years than it is now, yet the arrogance and complacency of Mr Corbyn and their team is astonishing: they appear to believe that they are immune from the judgement of both the British people and of history.
"They are not."
CLOSE Documents acquired by the Coloradoan reveal details of a university investigation into the volatile behavior of CSU men's basketball coach Larry Eustachy. Wochit
Buy Photo CSU coach Larry Eustachy walks off the court after a 77-68 loss to San Diego State at Moby Arena in Fort Collins, Colorado on Tuesday, January 2, 2018. (Photo: Austin Humphreys/The Coloradoan)Buy Photo
Embattled CSU men's basketball coach Larry Eustachy was placed on administrative leave Saturday by athletic director Joe Parker, just hours before the Rams played a home game against Nevada.
Parker is in the process of conducting a “climate assessment” of the men's basketball program, they said earlier in the week, that includes interviews with individual players and staff members.
Associate head coach Steve Barnes, who has worked closely with Eustachy throughout their career, will coach Colorado State University during Eustachy's absence, Parker said in a statement released about 5 ½ hours before the Rams (10-14, 3-8 Mountain West) were scheduled to play Nevada (19-4. 8-1) at Moby Arena.
“I have asked head coach Larry Eustachy to temporarily step away from the men's basketball program, as they have been placed on administrative leave while we conclude our climate assessment,” Parker said. “We are diligently working through this assessment as expeditiously as possible, understanding the importance of a thorough and fair process. No conclusions have been made.”
The Denver Post, citing anonymous sources, reported Friday that Eustachy had told players in a meeting earlier in the week they had been told by CSU President and Chancellor Tony Frank that their job was safe.
Frank, through a school spokesperson, denied that claim.
“President Frank would not — and did not — make statements to anyone regarding the climate assessment of the men's basketball program led by Athletics Director Joe Parker,” spokesperson Mike Hooker wrote in an email. “To do so would compromise the integrity of Parker's assessment, in which President Frank has complete confidence.”
More: CSU president denies telling basketball coach Larry Eustachy their job is safe
The latest “assessment” is the second investigation into Eustachy and their program in four years. Former athletic director Jack Graham, who hired the veteran coach in April 2012, conducted an investigation during the 2013-14 season.
Afterward, they recommended the coach be fired for running a program of “fear and intimidation” that included derogatory attacks using unacceptable language that were directed against individual players and staff members, both within the program and elsewhere on campus.
That report came to light last winter, when the Coloradoan obtained a copy and independently verified its contents with 14 people who were involved in the process. Eustachy, during the investigation, admitted they had “crossed the line” between providing constructive criticism and making personal attacks and that they went “way over the line at times” in response to a question about “whether the atmosphere within the program is one of fear and intimidation.”
(Story continues below the gallery)
Frank ultimately rejected Graham's recommendation to fire the coach “with cause.,” choosing instead to place the coach on an improvement plan.
Previously: CSU basketball coach Larry Eustachy facing new conduct investigation
Opinion: Michigan State scandal makes CSU's decision on Eustachy's future prickly
That plan said there would be “zero tolerance for the negative behaviors” that were discussed with the coach, including:
Directing “profane, derogatory and/or demeaning language or gestures in the presence of or towards your players, staff or anyone else while acting in the scope of your employment.
Throwing, punching or kicking objects in the presence of players, staff or others while performing their job duties
Seeking “retaliation or retribution of any kind against any person that you believe may have participated in the investigation or monitoring of your behavior.”
It also required the coach to apologize to their players and staff for their conduct and to attend six anger management classes before July 1, 2014.
CSU officials declined comment last winter when they were asked whether or not Eustachy had complied with those requirements. Parker said they would not comment on the current assessment until it is completed.
Eustachy said Wednesday night, after a double-overtime loss to Wyoming, that they could not comment on the assessment. They also declined comment when asked if they thought they would still be the Rams' coach at the end of the season.
Two players who spoke to reporters after that game, sophomore guard Anthony Bonner and junior forward Deion James, both said they support their coach.
Eustachy has three years remaining on a contract they first signed in July 2013 that pays them nearly $1 million a year this season, with increases that raise their salary to more than $1 million next year. CSU would owe the coach the remainder of their pay for this year and three times their current salary of $985,012, or $2.95 million, if they were fired “without cause” before June 30, 2018.
Eustachy's record at CSU is 121-74. Their 121 victories are tied with Stew Morrill for No. 2 on the school's all-time list. Their .624 winning percentage is also the second-best for a CSU coach, behind only the .638 of Boyd Grant.
Lyell: Why CSU is taking another look at Eustachy and their basketball program
Eustachy's career coaching record is 523-332 with stints at five NCAA Division I programs.
Barnes, who is running the program in Eustachy's absence, spent eight seasons on Eustachy's staff at Southern Mississippi before coming to CSU with the coach in April 2012. They spent their first season at CSU as the program's director of player personnel and has been an assistant coach since the 2013-14 season.
They were promoted to associate head coach when two other assistants who had come to CSU with Eustachy, Leonard Perry and Ross Hodge, left for assistant coaching jobs at Pacific and Arkansas State, respectively, after the 2015-16 season.
CSU has seven games remaining in the regular season before the Mountain West tournament March 7-10 in Las Vegas. The Rams, who have lost five straight games, have played the past four without leading scorer Prentiss Nixon, who is sidelined with a sprained ankle, and the past two without No. 2 scorer J.D. Paige, who is out with a broken hand.
Follow reporter Kelly Lyell at twitter.com/KellyLyell and facebook.com/KellyLyell.news and listen to them talk CSU sports at 11:35 a.m. Thursdays on KFKA radio (AM 1310) and 10:45 a.m. Saturdays on Denver's ESPN radio (AM 1600).
Southwest Airlines has apologized after an employee asked a mother to prove their biracial son was theirs before boarding a flight with the baby.
University of California Berkeley women's basketball coach Lindsay Gottlieb tweeted at the airline after an experience they described as “demeaning and insensitive.”
“I'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son, ticket counter personnel told me I had to ‘prove' that they were my son, despite having their passport. They said because we have a different last name. My guess is because they have different skin color,” Gottlieb wrote, addressing the airline on Twitter.
RELATED: People Explains: When Is It Safe to Stand Up to a Flight Attendant?
@SouthwestAir I'm appalled that after approx 50 times flying with my 1 year old son, ticket counter personnel told me I had to “prove” that they were my son, despite having their passport. They said because we have different last name. My guess is because they have a different skin color. — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
@SouthwestAir they 1st asked for proof with birth certificate. They then said it's a “federal law” (not true) but asked me to prove I'm mother with Facebook post.What??Mother next to me said she's never been asked for proof despite diff last name..not shockingly, not mixed face fam — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
@SouthwestAir it was demeaning and insensitive, not to mention inefficient. Would have missed flight if it was not delayed. I would advise better training for employees to avoid this happening to others — Lindsay Gottlieb (@CalCoachG) May 28, 2018
Gottlieb details that the employee first asked for the baby's birth certificate, then to see a Facebook post of the mother and child as proof of their relationship before being allowed to board a flight from Denver to Oakland, California, on Sunday. They also point out that another mother on the plane whose baby has a different last name told them that she'd never been asked to prove their baby was hers. “Not shockingly, not a mixed race fam,” Gottleib said. The coach's fiance, Patrick Martin, who is black, was also traveling with them, according to the Associated Press.
Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP/REX/Shutterstock
Southwest issued an apology to the family. “We have reached out to Ms. Gottlieb directly to address their concerns and will utilize the situation as a coaching opportunity for our Employee. We apologize if our interaction made this family uncomfortable — that is never our intention,” the airline said in a statement, according to AP.
Twitter users weighed in on both sides of the issue — expressing support for Gottlieb and the Southwest agent. Model and TV personality Chrissy Teigen, who shares two children with husband John Legend, commented that they have had similar experiences.
but yeah, it's definitely a situational thing, though. depends on the day, depends on the agent, you never know! going to London is the most difficult with them in my experience. I have to bring a file folder of papers. — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) May 29, 2018
RELATED: Chrissy Teigen and John Legend Spent Over Eight Excruciating Hours on a ‘Flight to Nowhere'
“Airlines have asked this of me, too, with my daughter,” Teigen writes. “Once I learned it's a precaution for the very real threat of child trafficking, I stopped being exasperated with it. Now I'm kind of worried when they don't ask.” They also note that they now carry a “file folder of papers” when they travel with their kids, daughter Luna, 2, and son Miles, 2 weeks.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Raheem Sterling is the quickest England player off the starting line.
This is one of the fastest squads a Three Lions manager has taken to a major tournament, and Danny Welbeck reckons Manchester City forward Sterling is the most explosive of all.
The Arsenal striker explains: “Raheem would be rapid out of the blocks, say for the first 10 yards. Then there are a few boys that would catch them up and take him. Marcus (Rashford) is quick, Kyle Walker… there are a lot of quick players in the squad.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: PA Wire)
“I have not seen Ruben (Loftus-Cheek) really go for it yet — they might be quick.
“Put it this way, there are a lot of players who would back themselves but we just haven't had a race. We'll have to wait till then to see if I get a medal.”
Gareth Southgate certainly has their World Cup squad relaxed, Welbeck joking with the media about how difficult it is to get the chatty Rashford out of their room.
(Image: The FA via Getty)
Asked which squad member they would least like to be stuck in a lift with, Welbeck says: “It's out of Jesse (Lingard) and Marcus. I can handle them for a small period of time but then if it goes on too long.
“Marcus was in my room last night and I just wanted to go to bed. I'm like ‘just get out of my room!' I think they wanted to stay!”
The serious stuff starts in a fortnight's time, and an added incentive for Welbeck will be to impress their new club manager, Unai Emery.
(Image: Arsenal FC/Getty)
(Image: Arsenal FC/Getty)
Welbeck says: “Obviously, it is an exciting time at the club.
“It was a bit strange with the manager announcing that they were leaving and not knowing who was going to be the next manager.
“Now it has been announced I am looking forward to working with them next season but my main focus is on the World Cup."
Manila, Philippines – Pearl Pay, a Financial Technology Company that helps Small Banks, Financial Institutions and MSMEs (Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises) through its secured mainstream and innovative banking services, will have a decentralized token presale on July 10.
The token sale is part of Pearl Pay's initiative to move closer into bringing better financial inclusion to Filipinos. To date, the Philippines has around 2.5 billion of payments processed yearly. This is equivalent to $74 billion (Php 3.76 trillion). However, despite the volume of payments processed, more than 90% of these transactions remain in cash or check. Beyond that, there are around 44% of Filipino adults still dealing with domestic remittance just for half of the year.
Processing domestic remittances in the country is not a walk in the park most of the time. It will take the average Filipino around 21 minutes and spend at least Php 43.00 (approximately USD 1.00) to go to the nearest payment center or financial access point. This is in addition to the struggle of covering the average 11% transaction cost – relatively higher than the 7.3% of average global processing fee. The transaction fees alone put a burden on most Filipinos to make ends meet.
Pearl Pay aims to address this problem by turning around E-Money and cash transactions ratio, and in the process save time and money on sending domestic and OFW money remittances. The company will also bring its digital solutions to the unbanked Filipinos. With its financial inclusion initiative in the Philippines, Pearl Pay hopes to tackle the same problems across the globe.
Pearl Pay's presale will begin on July 10, 2018. Pearl Pay, in collaboration with Komodo Team, will conduct the decentralized coin sale via “atomic coin swap”. Through the Komodo system, common issues faced by traditional centralized ICO model can be addressed. The decentralized initial coin offering (dICO), solves existing issues and even adds new possibilities to the cryptocurrency market. For more information, please also see the white paper.
Global Organic Eggs Market: Overview
The global organic eggs market is poised for steadfast growth on the back of several favorable factors. As more people unearth the health and environmental benefits of organic food, commercial poultry and egg production has fall out of favor due to the heavy use of hormones, drugs, antibiotics, and practices of factory farming.
Eggs are qualified as organic if the poultry is fed organic feed, i.e., feed free of synthetic fertilizers, animal by-products, pesticides or other chemical additives. Organic egg production also requires genetically modified foods not to be fed to poultry. Organic eggs must come from poultry that are given antibiotics if only they have an infection.
In addition, organic egg production means that the laying chicken must have access to outdoors and cannot be raised in cages. Flock can have natural molting, induced molting is not allowed.
Request For Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=43865
Global Organic Eggs Market: Trends and Opportunities
Rising awareness about the ill-effects of chemical-laden food coupled with increasing consumption of natural and chemical-free food is stoking the demand for organic food generally. Organic farming involves cultivation of fruits and vegetables, dairy production, and rearing animals for meat and poultry that involves fewer pesticides and is better for the environment.
Organic eggs serve a host of health benefits that may be worth the extra cost. This is because they come from chickens that are fed 100 percent organic feed sans any agricultural chemical residues.
They are loaded with vitamins, essential amino acids, and minerals to maintain good health. In addition, eggs contain trace amount of zinc, vitamin E, vitamin D, vitamin K, calcium, and Vitamin B6.
Organic eggs contain a high amount of omega-3 fatty acids which is needed for heart health. Omega-3 fatty acids help manage triglycerides and helps lower cholesterol. Some other benefits of organic eggs are aid in weight management, promotes healthy skin, and are good on the eyes. Also, eggs help feed brain and liver functions. This is because eggs are rich in choline, macronutrient which is needed by the body to promote healthy liver function.
These attributes are boosting consumption of organic eggs to benefit the organic eggs market.
Global Organic Eggs Market: Geographical Outlook
Among the key regions for organic eggs, North America and Europe hold prominence mainly because of a large pool of health savvy consumers. Consumers in these regions spend large amount on organic foods that have fewer chemicals and pesticides. Prevalence of organic farming and practices of rearing animals organically for dairy and poultry in these regions account for their prominence in the organic eggs market. The widespread availability of prepared organic food due to presence of large number of food manufacturers involved in producing organic food make North America and Europe key regions for organic foods.
However, in the coming years, Asia Pacific is likely to emerge as an attractive market for organic eggs. Rising urbanization and surging spending capacity of individuals in emerging economies is stoking the demand for organic food in general in the region. This is having a positive impact on the organic eggs market in the region.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/organic-eggs-market.html
Global Organic Eggs Market: Competitive Outlook
Key companies operating in the global organic eggs market include Cal-Maine Foods Inc., Michael Foods Inc., LDC, Hickman's Egg Ranch, Trillium Farm Holdings LLC, Plukon Food Group, and Sisters Food Group among others.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum-of-two who claims they give the best ‘mum cuddles' has raked in more than £30,000 per year from spooning strangers.
Madelon Guinazzo, 50, has been a professional ‘cuddlist' since 2009 and earns £60 per hour cuddling members of the public.
Although they made a life out of snuggling with strangers, Madelon, from Chicago, US, admits that they have been in several uncomfortable situations - but suggests it is an expected part of the work they do.
Despite this they claim that alongside being able to make large sums of money from cuddling, it makes them feel empowered in their everyday life.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Madelon now earns up to £2,500 a month, working with cuddle company, Cuddlist , and often provides up to 10 hours of cuddling sessions per week.
Madelon said: “Cuddling is amazing – I get to see the best in people and enjoy the essence of who they are without demands or expectations for them to be different.
“I have always been more comfortable than the average person with physical affection, so I do really enjoy cuddling!
“However there are boundaries that have to be made, and I have a “trust agreement” with each of my clients to make sure someone says if they feel uncomfortable.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
“My personal limit is having ten one-hour sessions per week – so that I don't burn out and I can give each client my best."
In addition to making money from cuddling alone, Madelon also trains others to become cuddlist's themselves.
However, despite loving their job, they claim that they do continually receive controversy for their unique career.
They said: “It is daunting to be controversial and a target for people's discomfort around the need for closeness.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
“The fear of things becoming sexual often leads to people calling this ‘paying for affection' or labelling it as ‘pathetic'.
“I often get accused of being something that I am not – it can look like I am selling intimate touching services.
“Instead what we do teach is invisible – the skills necessary for healthy cuddling which are exercising choice, consent and boundaries.
“Sometimes people need to take time to practise good self-care, take a break and just lighten up!”
(Image: Caters News Agency)
But despite strangers passing judgement on their job, Madelon claims that their family, including their two sons Dante, 19, and Josh, 16, are very supportive of their unique career.
Madelon said: “My family and friends are very supportive – a few think it's very cool and that the work I am doing is important.
“Some don't get it, but can see that it is important to me and are supportive of me doing what makes me happy.
“I'm very grateful to be open and accepted by the people in my life, even when we have different perspectives.”
Friday, February 02, 2018
MEXICO CITY, MEXICO—According to a Live Science report, archaeologists associated with Mexico's National Institute of Anthropology and History unearthed a 2,400-year-old burial while investigating the ancient settlement of Tlalpan, which is located in southern Mexico City. The circular burial is unusual because it contains the remains of men, women, and children, whose bodies had been interlocked in a spiral shape. The grave also held stones and ceramic jars and bowls. The condition of the skeletons suggests the skulls of two of the individuals had been modified by binding during childhood, and the teeth of some of the others had been filed into different shapes. Jimena Rivera, head of the excavation, suggests the tableau and the age range of the deceased could have been intended to symbolize the stages of life. For more, go to “Aztec Warrior Wolf.”
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Consumers are craving all-natural beverages with clean labels and ingredients they can pronounce. And, they're not willing to sacrifice on taste. Honey has become a product developer's secret weapon, delivering countless benefits to a variety of beverage products.
While U.S. consumers want healthier alternatives to their favorite beverages, they also want them to taste delicious. Manufacturers are responding to these consumer desires by removing sugars and reducing calories in their products using ingredients from natural sources. Stevia has proven to be a popular solution, but selecting a sweetener that appeals to consumers is just one piece of the puzzle. In this webinar, explore ways to formulate palate-pleasing beverages with less sugar and fewer calories using stevia and other ingredients.
Beluga whales Qila and Aurora fell ill and died at the Vancouver Aquarium in November 2016 but their DNA will contribute to efforts to preserve this species at risk. Researchers say they have collected enough DNA samples from the mother and daughter whales to sequence the complete beluga genome. That should help scientists understand how belugas are faring in an environment that is rapidly changing.
The researchers found that neither bacteria nor viruses were responsible for the fatalities, but rather they were overcome by a toxin. They have not been able to identify exactly which one.
Qila spent almost three decades at the Vancouver Aquarium before they and their daughter died from an unidentified toxin in 2016. © Jonathan Hayward/The Canadian Press/file
Genome will provide ‘many tools'
Researchers think they have mapped one of the most complete mammalian genomes and that it will provide a baseline and “many tools” to study beluga whales.
A genome is the description for the entire DNA in a living organism and determines its characteristics, inherited traits, susceptibilities and it provides a window on its evolution. Researchers say mapping “can aid in identifying conservation measures for recovery, management, and protection of a species.”
The study published in the scientific journal Genes.
Citing the indictment of one of its former members, state utility regulators voted today to review a policy allowing utility company owners to pass along some of their personal income tax burden to customers.
But it remains unlikely that anyone will get a refund, even if the policy is overturned.
Separately, the Arizona Corporation Commission voted to take a closer look at everything from the management of Johnson Utilities to the rates it charges its water and sewer customers. Whether that results in changes will depend on what an outside consultant finds.
Both votes follow the indictment of Gary Pierce, who was chairperson of the commission and was instrumental in getting both the policy on taxes changed and in having the panel approve overall higher rates.
Pierce is charged with accepting bribes through money paid by company manager George H. Johnson to Pierce's wife, Sherry. That $31,500, according to federal prosecutors, was funneled to the couple through lobbyist Jim Norton and an unidentified – and unindicted – co-conspirator.
All four pleaded innocent last week. A trial is tentatively set in federal court for Aug. 1.
“I'm sick to my stomach over this whole thing,” said commission Chairman Tom Forese during a break in the first commission meeting since Johnson, Norton and the Pierces appeared in court.
“It is up to the courts to decide guilt,” Forese continued. “But that this could have possibly happened in this place is really, really troubling.”
Commissioner Andy Tobin said the damage to the regulatory board's reputation is “severe.”
“I think you repair it by opening up as much as you possibly can,” they said.
Most immediately, current commissioners need to decide what to do in the wake of the indictment, including revisiting that 2013 vote on taxes.
Regular corporations – known in IRS code as C-corporations – have long been entitled to pass the cost of income taxes to customers. But smaller corporations and limited liability companies pay no income taxes, with earnings instead passed through to owners.
That policy change, advanced by Pierce, sought to provide some equity by allowing those utility owners to have those costs be borne by ratepayers.
On Tuesday, Pinal County Supervisor Mike Goodman, whose district includes areas served by Johnson, said the commission should not have given the benefits of a C-corporation to smaller firms.
“If that's what the individual is after, they should be changing their type of corporation,” they said. “I don't think it's fair to the customer to be paying that rate to offset somebody's personal income taxes.”
But Bob Burns, the only current commissioner who was on the panel in 2013 – and who voted for the change – said they see it as a matter of fairness. They said one type of corporation should not get different treatment than another.
Still, Burns voted with the others to have a consultant review the policy.
That still leaves the question of what happens if the panel decides the change was unjustified, including whether customers should get a refund.
“If something has been done inappropriately, they deserve it,” said commission Chairman Tom Forese.
Only thing is, the commission's own attorney told the panel that forcing affected utilities to give back cash collected in prior years would be an illegal retroactive act. Still, Forese is undeterred.
“If it needs to be fixed, we'll fix it,” they said.
One surprise Tuesday was an offer by John LeSueur, who had been Pierce's staff adviser, to provide the commission's hired consultant with details of how the tax law change came to be.
Addressing the commission by phone, LeSueur, now with the Attorney General's office, said they had received a partial waiver from Pierce from the normal confidentiality that would keep them from disclosing conversations between Pierce as the client and them as Pierce's de facto legal adviser at the time.
LeSueur told regulators they have records of how the policy had been changed.
Potentially most significant, they said it had not started with Johnson Utilities but in 2009 – years before the vote – in a case involving a small water company. That could affect not only the commission's inquiry but could prove relevant, as Pierce defends themselves in court that their vote on the tax issue was linked to money allegedly furnished by Johnson to Pierce's wife.
But LeSueur didn't get very far in their details, with Forese cutting them off and telling them to report what they know not to the commission but to whatever consultant is hired to review the matter.
“It sounds like you don't want me to speak,” LeSueur responded. “I'm willing to wait. I just think the public deserves as much sunshine on this issue as early as possible.”
LeSueur also mentioned, before being cut off, that no one from the FBI had interviewed them before the indictments were handed up.
Tax policy aside, the other question for the commission is whether the rates that Johnson Utilities is now charging customers are appropriate.
Those rates are based, at least in part, on the commission's 2011 vote, also advanced by Pierce according to the indictment, to increase the “fair value” of the utility's wastewater division. That, in turn, entitled the company to collect more.
Commissioner Doug Little said they do not want a full-blown rate case.
“Every time there's a rate case, the rates go up,” they said. Little said they prefer a more limited review of the company's charges.
That's the way the commission voted. But they also agreed to have an outside consultant see if the current management, including Johnson himself, is capable of running the company or needs to be replaced.
BBC'S MY FAMILY SEEMS A LONG TIME AGO NOW
Lee Mack takes a dig at Dermot O'Leary on The Nig
The first Doctor Who returns...
This Morning leaves children confused as the voic
This Morning: Holly gets a warm welcome after bei
This Morning: This Morning viewers amazed at skat
This Morning in hysterics as they discuss Kim K's
Eamonn accused of being drunk and told to sit dow
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The devastated mum of Charlie Gard broke down on This Morning after a judge ruled their baby boy's life support machine can be turned off against their wishes.
Dad Chris Gard screamed "no" and mum Connie Yates broke down in tears last week as the High Court judge read out their decision that Charlie's ventilation support could be stopped so they can "die with dignity".
The couple have been fighting for months against doctors' wishes, arguing they can find experimental treatment for their son in America and raising over £1million donated by generous supporters of their cause.
After leaving court, Chris and Connie rushed to their baby's bedside to be with them as they vowed to keep fighting for their life.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
And they were on This Morning today, insisting their baby boy isn't suffering as much as the court have said.
Shedding a tear, Connie told Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford: "We were told we could go to America and they haven't deteriorated in that time, so it's very hard for us to get our head around."
Charlie's dad added: "They're making them out to be a lot worse than they actually are. We sit with them day in and day out and know he's not suffering.
"He's the most stable baby in there, he's not suffering or in pain.
"If they were in pain, we wouldn't sit by their bed and watch him."
(Photo: ITV)
Charlie suffers from a form of mitochondrial disease, a rare genetic condition which causes progressive muscle weakness and brain damage.
Specialists at Great Ormond Street Hospital in London had said they thought it was time to stop providing life support for the eight-month-old and move them to a palliative care regime.
But Chris and Connie have raised millions of pounds to send them for possibly life-changing surgery in the States.
And they said on This Morning: "No one knows what their quality of life could be. This could perform wonders.
"Everyone with this gene, who's had this, they're all still alive and all getting stronger.
"Charlie deserves that chance."
Connie finished: "Any parent with an ill child would want top give them something to make them better."
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: DAILY MIRROR)
As the decision was announced by Mr Justice Francis, Chris screamed "no" and covered their face.
They had arrived at court with Charlie's toy monkey stuffed into their pocket.
Giving their decision, Mr Justice Francis paid tribute to Chris and Connie's "absolute dedication to their wonderful boy" since their birth.
(Photo: PA)
Connie and Chris are now planning to challenge the ruling in the Court of Appeal.
Solicitor Laura Hobey-Hamsher, who works for law firm Bindmans, said outside court that the couple would have three weeks to launch a challenge.
They said: "Connie and Chris are devastated by today's decision."
They added: "They are struggling to understand why the court has not at least given Charlie the chance of treatment in America."
The Town of Babylon on Wednesday will hold public hearings on proposals to ban e-cigarette use in public parks and to limit stores that primarily sell such products to industrial areas.
Town officials are proposing to add “electronic cigarettes, vape pens, vapors, e-liquids, other legal marijuana derivatives or other substances” to the section of its code prohibiting cigarette, cigar and pipe smoking at town parks, recreation areas, playgrounds, pools, and beaches.
The town is also proposing banning vape shops and hookah lounges from opening in business-zoned areas, limiting them to industrial sections of town. All existing vape shops and hookah lounges would be grandfathered in, town spokesperson Kevin Bonner said.
Using an e-cigarette or vaping involves the use of battery-powered devices that heat an often flavored liquid that can contain nicotine. Smoking from a hookah often involves using flavored tobacco.
The town is one of several municipalities on Long Island that have moved to limit the proliferation of vape shops and hookah lounges.
Town councilman Terence McSweeney said vape shops “snuck up” on communities and leaders became concerned about their close proximity to schools. “This isn't something I consider family friendly,” they said. McSweeney pointed to several vape shops which are across the street from schools.
“Subconsciously, over the years, a young child seeing it so frequently will think it's OK since there's a store dedicated to it,” McSweeney said.
Bonner pointed to one store in particular located just across Deer Park Avenue from John F. Kennedy Intermediate School in Deer Park. The store features a vaping blue genie in its window, nearly identical to the cartoon character featured in Disney's “Aladdin.”
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
An employee at the store declined to comment on the proposed legislation or its sign. The store's owner could not be located.
Bonner was not able to provide a total number of vape or hookah businesses but said there were a total of 18 vape and tobacco stores in the town.
THREE IRISH INTERNATIONALS were on target on Saturday as all of Scott Horgan, Greg Cunningham and Alan Browne bagged goals in big wins for Aston Villa and Preston in the Championship.
Hogan has been in lightening form since the New Year, with Saturday's strike their fifth goal in as many appearances.
The 25-year-old gave Steve Bruce's side the lead just after the half hour mark against Burton Albion.
Two more goals from Albert Adomah and former Ireland U21 international Jack Grealish ensured a nervy 3-2 win at Villa Park.
Hogan struggled for form in the opening half of the campaign after scoring a brace against Wigan in the EFL Cup in August and was handed just six starts between the start of the season and the end of December having regained full fitness.
Elsewhere both Cunningham and Browne were on the scoresheet as Preston defeated Hull City 2-1 at Deep Dale.
27-year-old Cunningham brought the Lilywhites level, with Browne's coolly-dispatched penalty just before the break securing all three points.
Villa move up to third place with a game in hand on promotion hopefuls Cardiff, with Preston now just three points off a play-off position in seventh.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Embarrassing Bodies presenter Dr Dawn Harper has helped people tackle all sorts of problems over the years, and now she's aiming to give people a happy, healthy and very long life.
Here, in the second part of our exclusive extracts from their new book, Live Well to 101, they reveal the essential lifestyle changes to make right now...
Diabetes shortens lives
(Image: Blend Images)
The sad truth is that diabetes (or, to be more precise, Type 2 diabetes) is now one of the most significant factors affecting our longevity. It is estimated there are 3.2 million people in the UK today with the disease, 90% of them with Type 2.
Currently, a person diagnosed has a 50% chance of already having complications, such as heart disease, kidney disease and an increased risk of stroke or blindness. Making the diagnosis earlier means you could avoid all this and live your life to the full for longer.
(Image: Hero Images)
SO WHAT CAN YOU DO?: Imagine twins of identical height and weight, but one carries weight around the middle (the classic apple shape) while the other carries it on hips and thighs (the pear shape). Even though they may have the same body mass index (BMI), the apple-shaped twin would have a higher risk of heart disease, stroke and Type 2 diabetes than the pear-shaped twin.
This is because weight around the middle and around our internal organs is regarded as “active fat”. Women should have a waistline no greater than 80cm (31.5in) and men 94cm (37in).
Waistlines larger than this are associated with a raised risk of high blood pressure , heart disease and diabetes.
Most of us have a pair of “thin jeans” or an old piece of clothing we know won't fit any more, but that we can't quite throw out “just in case”.
Go and find that item now and try it on. It won't make you feel great, but it might shock you into realising you have put on more weight than you thought.
Keep that item, and let today be the first day of your journey back to that size. It may be a long one, but it will be worth it.
Invest in a pedometer and use it. You may be surprised at how inactive you are. You will be able to make small changes to your everyday life that will make it easier for you to get to 10,000 steps a day without even thinking about it.
Heart disease is as dangerous as cancer
(Image: Photographer's Choice)
Cancer may feature in more headlines, but heart disease remains one of the UK's biggest killers, with more than 80,000 of us dying prematurely each year. One in six men and one in 10 women will die from heart disease.
And each year, 152,000 Brits have a stroke – one every three minutes 27 seconds. And of those, one in eight die within a month, and one in four die within a year. Half all stroke survivors are left with a permanent disability. But there are several lifestyle changes that can influence your blood pressure and reduce your risk of a heart attack or stroke:
Smoking If you are a smoker, you should stop now. Smoking doesn't necessarily cause high blood pressure but it adds to your risk of developing heart disease.
Weight If you are overweight, you should aim to lose weight gradually – one to two pounds a week until you have a healthy BMI.
Diet If you have high blood pressure, it is important that you address what you eat and aim to have a healthy well-balanced diet. But if you do nothing else, watch your fat intake.
Salt You should limit your daily intake to 6g.
Exercise Aim to do half an hour of exercise at least five times a week.
Alcohol Drinking to excess can lead to an increase in blood pressure. Stick to the recommended 14 units per week.
Caffeine The effect that caffeine has on blood pressure is small, but if you have high blood pressure, then it is a good idea to restrict your intake to five caffeinated drinks per day.
Exercise your brain to keep it active
(Image: Trudi Roche)
Dementia is the most serious form of memory loss, and the one people worry most about.
There are lots of things that cause loss of memory, and often it is that you weren't concentrating when the information
went in.
It doesn't matter what it is, but do something every day to exercise your brain. Even a few minutes each day will reap rewards. Let's face it, nobody wants to make it to 101 years but then have no idea what is going on around us.
Brain boosters to help: There are online courses, brain-training counsellors and a variety of apps that make wild promises about the transformative effect they will have on your life. But you don't need to spend a small fortune. There are lots of simple ways to keep your mind alert:
Set yourself mental challenges; try counting backwards from 100 in 2s, 3s or 4s. Gradually make these challenges more difficult.
Try mental puzzles such as jigsaws, sudoku, chess, bridge or crosswords.
Memorise things. Learning a poem or a song off by heart is an excellent way to exercise mind muscles.
Wean yourself off calculators. When checking receipts or restaurant bills, add up in your head.
It's never too late to learn a language. Bilingual people have been found to have a lower risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.
Take up a new creative hobby, such as painting, photography or playing a musical instrument. Professional musicians' brains have been found to have a larger volume of grey matter than non-players.
The science of sex
(Image: E+)
Whether you're single or attached, there's one thing you can do to boost your longevity: have sex. There are several reasons why it can have a directly beneficial effect on your wellbeing:
Immunity People who have sex a couple of times a week have higher amounts of the antibody immunoglobulin A (IgA) – one of our natural defences against colds and flu.
People who have sex a couple of times a week have higher amounts of the antibody immunoglobulin A (IgA) – one of our natural defences against colds and flu. Fitness Sex raises blood flow and gets your heart pumping, although it won't help you to burn off that many calories.
Sex raises blood flow and gets your heart pumping, although it won't help you to burn off that many calories. Heart Regular sexual activity reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease and strokes.
Regular sexual activity reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease and strokes. Dementia According to American research, having regular sex helps us grow new brain cells. It seems that, the more sex you have, the more cells you can grow.
According to American research, having regular sex helps us grow new brain cells. It seems that, the more sex you have, the more cells you can grow. Hormones In women, sexual activity regulates hormone levels, promoting regular menstrual cycles and decreasing negative menopause symptoms.
In women, sexual activity regulates hormone levels, promoting regular menstrual cycles and decreasing negative menopause symptoms. Pain During sex, the hormone oxytocin (sometimes called the “cuddle hormone”) is released in your body. This can reduce physical pain, including headaches.
During sex, the hormone oxytocin (sometimes called the “cuddle hormone”) is released in your body. This can reduce physical pain, including headaches. Sleep Oxytocin also promotes better sleep. For men, a powerful orgasm is the equivalent of taking a 2mg shot of diazepam. That's why men often fall asleep after sex.
Oxytocin also promotes better sleep. For men, a powerful orgasm is the equivalent of taking a 2mg shot of diazepam. That's why men often fall asleep after sex. Prostate cancer An Australian study found men aged 20 to 50 who ejaculate at least five times a week were much less likely to get prostate cancer when older.
An Australian study found men aged 20 to 50 who ejaculate at least five times a week were much less likely to get prostate cancer when older. Mood A healthy sex life tends to boost self-confidence, as well as making people feel happier and more contented. There is also evidence that having regular sex improves cognition, promotes bone growth, maintains and repairs tissues, and keeps your skin looking healthy and supple.
Stress can be a real killer
(Image: Digital Vision)
People often complain their job is killing them. If you suffer from work-related stress, this could be true. Stress leads your adrenal glands to release glucocorticoid hormones thought to damage DNA.
It can also produce a range of emotional symptoms, including loss of motivation or confidence, as well as an inability to concentrate or make decisions. Someone who is over-stressed may also become more visibly anxious or nervous, change their eating habits, get regular headaches, or start taking lots of time off work. In severe cases, stress can lead to depression or suicide.
SO WHAT CAN YOU DO?: If you think your health is suffering because of work-related stress, you need to change the way you work or the environment you work in. Although each workplace is different, here are some general rules:
Learn to say “no” if you can't take on extra work.
If possible, reduce your workload. Sometimes you need to learn to let go.
Try to make your working environment as comfortable as possible. Improved lighting, ventilation or more comfortable seating could help.
If possible, work regular hours and make sure you take the breaks and holidays you're entitled to.
Take a walk or get fresh air during the working day.
Learn to speak out and share problems with others.
If all else fails, leave and work elsewhere. A job that damages physical or mental health is not worth having.
Consider meditation. Medical science has long known people who meditate regularly tend to be healthier and have a more positive outlook on life.
Happiness is key
Psychological factors play a big part in your wellbeing and how likely you are to live to a good age – such as how optimistic you are, and the quality and frequency of your relationships with other people.
Our happiness level seems to have a direct effect on how well our bodies function.
It's been shown happier people have a lower heart rate – about six beats a minute – than unhappy people. Tests show increased happiness leads to lower blood pressure, a robust immune system and a lower chance of chronic pain.
There's one easy way to lift your mood: regular exercise – a powerful and effective treatment for overcoming negativity and boosting self-esteem.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Manchester derby was always going to be a fiery affair, but it seems the real fireworks didn't start until after the game.
Jose Mourinho clashed with Manchester City goalkeeper Ederson after the final whistle on Sunday, sparking a huge ruckus.
It is said that the Portuguese was frustrated with how loud the City players were celebrating their victory in the away dressing-room.
They then took it upon themselves to tell them to tone it down, and was confronted by Ederson, who thought Mourinho was overstepping the mark.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
As the situation threatened to spiral out of control, Mourinho is said to have had milk and water thrown at him, although this claim is refuted by City chiefs.
Lukaku allegedly responded by launching a bottle at Manchester City coach Mikel Arteta, according to Spanish outlet Cadena SER.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The shot caused a facial wound to the former Arsenal man.
The Belgian striker played the full ninety minutes of Manchester United's 2-1 defeat to their bitter rivals, but had a day to forget.
(Image: AFP)
Manchester City took the lead at Old Trafford through David Silva, who was inadvertently set up by Lukaku.
The Red Devils forward chested the ball down into the path of the Spaniard, who fired past David De Gea in the Manchester United goal to make it 1-0.
(Image: REUTERS)
Later in the game, after the Red Devils had bagged an equaliser through Marcus Rashford, Lukaku was tasked with clearing the ball from the area.
But instead of calmly removing the danger from the box, swung their leg at it and cannoned the ball off Ander Herrera's back.
(Image: PA)
It then landed into the path of Nicolas Otamendi, who fired past De Gea to put Manchester City back in the lead.
Upfront they also offered very little, and the few shots they did have been wayward. As you'd expect, fans took to making the same joke after it was claimed they finally hit the target, although not in the way Red Devils supporters were hoping.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
2:59 Cullen Davis on meeting with John Farr
1:59 Cullen Davis on the murder victims: 'That's ancient history'
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- In April 2011, at the age of just 10 months, Ohio native Carly Kudzia was diagnosed with the rare and fatal premature aging disease known as progeria.
"There was an average life span quoted to me that I shall not repeat," said Carly's mom, Heather Unsinger. "No parent should have to hear those words, nor read them."
Affecting just 1 in every 20 million people, progeria is driven by a genetic mutation that results in a vast surplus of a protein known as progerin. This surplus triggers rapidly progressive cellular damage, culminating in irreversible heart disease. There is no known cure or treatment.
Today, "Carly is -- for the most part -- just like any other 7-year-old," Unsinger says. "She's witty, articulate, happy, energetic, fiercely independent and very active. The list of things that they can do is so long that we don't spend much time on the ones we can't."
But the fact is that children like Carly typically won't live to see their 14th birthday. So, "yes, progeria is awful, and we want a cure," Unsinger said.
That sentiment is shared by Dr. Leslie Gordon, co-founder and medical director of the nonprofit Progeria Research Foundation.
Promise for Treating Progeria
And now, Gordon and their colleagues at Harvard and Brown Universities have some good news: They just reported the results of a small study that represents what Gordon calls "a major breakthrough for clinical investigation in progeria."
The investigation, funded by the foundation, centers on an experimental drug known as lonafarnib.
Originally developed to fight cancer, the drug is known to inhibit the activities of an enzyme that is critical to progerin production. Specifically, the drug blocks the enzyme from hooking up with the progerin protein. In so doing, it stops progerin from attaching itself to the patient's cell membranes, where damage takes place.
In the new study, 27 progeria patients were put on a daily two-dose regimen of lonafarnib pills.
On average, treatment continued for a little over two years, during which time just one patient died. In the same time frame, 9 of 27 progeria patients not treated with lonafarnib died.
Side effects typically occurred during the first few months of treatment, and included diarrhea, nausea and appetite loss.
A second group of 63 patients are continuing to take lonafarnib. So far, just four of the 63 lonafarnib patients have died, compared with 17 deaths among 63 untreated patients.
"Lonafarnib is a treatment, not a cure," stressed Gordon. But "this is the first support we have for a single medication influencing the life spans of the children with progeria."
Gordon added that the results, published in the April 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association, are "extremely encouraging, because we now know that we can push this disease towards health."
Gordon, a professor of pediatrics at Brown University's Warren Alpert Medical School, in Providence, R.I., noted that since lonafarnib is not yet approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, its cost is not clear.
However, they said the drug's manufacturer, Merck, provided it for free to the study patients, and that their foundation intends to "advocate for a situation where the patient families would receive the drug at no cost to them." According to the foundation, there are currently 144 registered cases of progeria across 45 countries.
Buying Time for Young Patients
Asked what lonafarnib means to her, Unsinger said, "That I will have more time with my daughter, Carly. When a body is aging eight to 10 times faster than average, how important would an [extra] year or two be? How about five or 10?"
The study results, they added, "shifts the composition of my beliefs from pure hope to part hope, part reality. This is a huge shift."
That thought was seconded by Dr. Fuki Marie Hisama, a professor of medical genetics in the department of medicine at the University of Washington in Seattle. They coauthored an editorial that accompanied the study.
"These results," Hisama said, "are the first of their kind for this rare disease, and represent a significant breakthrough. This study gives hope to children with [progeria] and their families for better outcomes in the future."
Dr. Francis Collins, director of the U.S. National Institutes of Health, offered a similarly upbeat reaction to the findings.
"The results of this clinical trial demonstrate for the first time that rational drug therapy can achieve life extension for children with progeria," they said. "That's very encouraging! But research into additional therapeutic interventions, already well underway, may provide even greater hope for the future."
Still, for Carly's mom, the future remains a day-to-day affair.
"It truly is hard to live in the now while planning for the future," Unsinger admitted, "but in Carly's case this is uber-important.
"We may not ultimately know the long-term effect of lonafarnib for many, many years," said Unsinger. "I, for one, am thrilled and thankful for the opportunity to find out. I imagine each dose adding minutes or hours to Carly's life, giving us more time to find a cure."
More information
There's more on progeria at the Progeria Research Foundation.
SOURCES: Leslie Gordon, M.D., Ph.D., medical director, Progeria Research Foundation, and professor, pediatrics, Warren Alpert Medical School, Brown University, and department of pediatrics, Hasbro Children's Hospital, Providence, R.I., and research associate, department of anesthesia, Boston Children's Hospital and Harvard Medical School, Boston; Fuki Marie Hisama, M.D., professor, medical genetics, department of medicine, University of Washington, Seattle; Heather Unsinger, Ohio; Francis Collins, M.D., Ph.D., director, U.S. National Institutes of Health; April 24, 2018, Journal of the American Medical Association Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
FILE - This April 30, 2008 file photo shows a submarine and its owner Peter Madsen. One of the most talked-about and macabre court cases in recent Danish history is set to conclude Wednesday, April 25, 2018 when the verdict is handed down on whether Peter Madsen tortured and murdered a Swedish journalist during a private submarine trip. (Niels Hougaard/Ritzau via AP, File)
FILE - This April 30, 2008 file photo shows a submarine and its owner Peter Madsen. One of the most talked-about and macabre court cases in recent Danish history is set to conclude Wednesday, April 25, 2018 when the verdict is handed down on whether Peter Madsen tortured and murdered a Swedish journalist during a private submarine trip. (Niels Hougaard/Ritzau via AP, File)
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) - One of the most talked-about and macabre court cases in recent Danish history is set to conclude Wednesday when the verdict is handed down on whether Peter Madsen tortured and murdered a Swedish journalist during a private submarine trip.
The 12-day trial has seen a series of gruesome allegations made against the inventor, but the autopsy of the cut-up remains of Kim Wall has not been able to specifically identify a precise cause of death.
Wall, 30, who wrote for The New York Times, The Guardian and other publications, set out on the submarine on a sunny August evening last year to interview Madsen, the co-founder of a company that develops and builds manned spacecraft. Them remains were found in plastic bags on the Baltic Sea bed weeks later.
After offering various explanations, the 47-year-old Madsen has claimed that Wall died as a result of a buildup in pressure inside their home-made UC3 Nautilus submarine. On Wednesday at 1 p.m. local time (1100 GMT), a judge and two jurors will rule whether their death was an accident or a murder.
Prosecutors are seeking a life sentence for Madsen, who has confessed to cutting up Wall's body up into pieces after they were unable to lift their corpse through the submarine tower so they could bury them at sea.
"What do you do when you have a large problem? You make it smaller," they told the Copenhagen City Court. "I am really, really sorry about what happened."
During the trial that began on March 8 and lasted for 12 court days, prosecutor Jakob Buch-Jepsen sought to prove there was no accident and that Wall may have been tied with their own stockings before Madsen impaled them
They also said Wall's dismembered torso had multiple stabs, including in the genitals and that semen had been found in Madsen's underwear. Buch-Jepsen also said videos of women being tortured and killed were found on their personal computer - snuff-like videos that they did not make himself. And Madsen had, according to the prosecution, brought along tools they normally didn't take when sailing.
While arguing that Madsen is not insane, Buch-Jepsen quoted a court-ordered psychiatric report that described them as "emotionally impaired with severe lack of empathy, anger and guilt" and having "psychopathic tendencies."
Before the trial, Madsen had offered shifting explanations for Wall's death - something Buch-Jepsen used against him. The pair clashed verbally as Madsen brushed off Buch-Jepsen allegations.
Madsen initially said they had dropped Wall off on a Copenhagen island several hours into their submarine trip. Then they said Wall died accidentally inside the submarine when a hatch fell and hit them on the head - but no indication of a skull injury was found when their head was finally located.
They finally said Wall died because of a pressure problem inside the submarine which Madsen is suspected of having sunk deliberately. Wall, they said, had had "a wonderful evening until it ended in an accident."
Buch-Jepsen said forensic experts had "found nothing" to back Madsen's claim and that there is a risk they could commit "the same kind of crime again."
In Denmark, life sentences are on average 16 years, but the term can be extended if necessary. Or they could be sent to a secure mental facility and locked up as long as they are considered a danger to others.
Madsen's lawyer Betina Hald Engmark has described it "a horror story" but that the prosecution case was based "on undocumented claims." Clearly, they say Madsen did something "horrible" by cutting Wall into pieces, and that they should only be sentenced for that. Under Danish law, indecent handling of a corpse can lead to six months in jail.
"It is not my client's duty to prove that they are innocent. It is the task of the prosecutor to prove that they are guilty," they said in their final argument before the courtroom.
The parents of the Swedish reporter - Ingrid and Joachim Wall - have listened silently during the trial.
As they have done for most of the time since losing their daughter who had reported from post-earthquake Haiti, among other places, studied at Paris' Sorbonne University, the London School of Economics and Columbia University in New York.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Tory minister has accused Labour of asking questions about Russian money to distract from its 'woeful' response to the Salisbury attack
Shadow chancellor John McDonnell used an urgent question in the Commons to ask the Government to reveal what action it has taken, amid concerns little has taken place in the last 12 months since they raised issues around the "Russian laundromat".
MPs heard this involved billions of pounds of criminal funds being laundered through the City of London.
But Home Office minister Ben Wallace, said the Labour Party were challenging the Government over "dirty money" laundered in the UK as a "distraction".
They said: "We saw it over the weekend, what this really is about is a distraction by the Labour Party from its woeful response last week to the national security (incident) - an attempt by the shadow chancellor to say 'Nothing to see here, look over there, it's all about oligarchs'."
Mr McDonnell voiced concerns that the National Crime Agency had estimated £90 billion is laundered through the City of London each year, with the United Nations estimating £100 billion is lost in British overseas territories.
They said: "Despite all the actions that the minister has set out, there's still a major problem here."
Mr McDonnel l went on: "There's minimal checking of the UK's own register of company ownership, indeed it was possible for a journalist to set up a company called Crooked Crook Crook Limited."
Mr Wallace claimed the Government has been "absolutely determined" to deal with the "threat posed by dirty money" going through the City of London and being "harboured" in properties in the UK.
During the debate Dame Margaret Hodge, who previously chaired the Public Accounts Committee, called on ministers to review so-called golden visas to ensure they are not being granted to "unsavoury individuals".
The Tier 1 investor visa is granted when applicants can show they have £2 million to invest, usually within three months of receiving the visa.
The Labour former minister said: "I want to raise another issue with the Minister and that's the Tier 1 investor visas, the golden visas.
"Anybody who gets one of those visas needs to demonstrate they've got £2 million that they wish to invest in the UK.
"We know that Russia is one of the two top countries taking advantage of these tier investor visas.
"What steps are the minister going to take so that we understand where the £2 million-plus comes from so that we can be assured that it is not dirty money and these are not unsavoury individuals?"
Home Office minister Ben Wallace gave the pledge that the Government would "do better" to ensure "due diligence" was done to examine where the money was coming from.
They said: "We are clear that when it comes to dealing with foreign oligarchs and overseas organised criminals it is as much about the free movement they enjoy as it is about the actual assets they are moving around and harbouring.
"We do have the powers in our visa regime already to take action and we will quite rightly as they say be looking at that tier to make sure that we do better due diligence if we need to on where the money comes from."
They added: "We have to be here to make sure that we do it on evidence, where we find wrongdoing they will be refused a visa."
Later in the debate Labour MP Stephen Doughty, who sits on the Home Affairs Committee, asked whether the Government could be sure Russian money had not made it into any "political party or think tank" in the UK.
Mr Wallace told MPs the electoral commission polices political funding, but in light of recent allegations around Tory party funding they said: "I know what they are trying to get at."
They added: "We are confident that all our donations are in accordance with the law as set out from UK citizens."
© Joshua Roberts / Reuters
The US Treasury has warned that imposing new sanctions on Russia's sovereign debt market could have massive repercussions for the US, a new unclassified document warns.The memo , obtained by Bloomberg, outlines the risks of expanding existing sanctions on Russia to include new sovereign debt and derivatives. The Treasury did not release the report publicly.The report concludes that given the size of Russia's economy and its "prevalence in global asset markets," the effects of sanctions would be damaging to the US. The Russian sovereign debt and derivatives market is one of the largest among emerging markets.Congress ordered the report on the impact of potential sanctions on Russia's sovereign debt amid sweeping sanctions against Moscow passed last August. This was in response to alleged Russian interference in the 2016 US election.On Tuesday, the US Treasury published its 'Kremlin's List,' featuring the entire Russian government among some 114 other top officials, as well as 96 prominent business figures. The list was strongly condemned by politicians in Moscow, with Russian MP Irina Yarovaya likening the step to the US opening "an 'economic Guantanamo' for global business."
ILO Convention 151 protects government workers' rights to organize and negotiate employment conditions
Published 7:58 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Government employees applauded the Senate's ratification of the 3-decade old convention that aims to protect their rights, seeing this as the key to further their campaign against government rightsizing and regularization of contractual workers.
Confederation for Unity Recognition and Advancement of Government Employees (Courage) vice president Santiago Dasmariñas said that the Interntional Labor Organization (ILO) Convention 151 would oblige the government to allow workers to unionize and negotiate employment terms.
“Aside from the national laws, we now have an international law that is specific for the public sector. Through this, the ILO can now call on the government just like what it does for the private sector [workers],” Santiago said in a phone interview with Rappler on Monday, August 14.
Courage is the umbrella organization of the labor unions in different government agencies. It has been active in pushing for the ratification of the ILO Convention 151 since 1978.
The treaty is the counterpart of ILO Conventions 87 and 98, which assures private sector workers with the right to organize and the right to collective bargaining.
Santiago explained that while collective bargaining occurs between unions and their public sector employers, it is only limited to benefits and other rights. Salary rate is not included because it is dependent on Congress and the Salary Standardization Law.
Slow compliance
Despite this, workers still call on the government's compliance to the treaty. Manny Baclagon, president of the social welfare department's Social Welfare Employees Association of the Philippines (SWEAP) said that it takes time for government to comply with treaties like this.
“Nasa Saligang Batas na natin iyang right to unionize. Nasa Article 13. Dapat lang hinihiling lang namin kahit di immediate compliance kundi progressive realization nung mga rights na sinasabi nila,” they said.
(The right to unionize is included in our Constitution. It's in Article 13. What we are asking is the progressive realization of the rights mentioned if they cannot immediately comply with it.)
Among the rights they clamor for is the right to conduct strikes and the right to security of tenure. The treaty urges the government to grant the workers their general civil and political rights aside from the right to organize and collective bargaining.
Regularization of workers has been a big concern for contractual members of the bureaucracy fearing they will be the first casualties of the efforts to streamline the government through the rightsizing bill. (READ: Contractual frontliners vulnerable to effects of gov't rightsizing)
Out of the 2.4 million workers in government, a quarter or 595,162 are under job order and contract of services arrangements.
“This just adds basis for workers to defend their rights. Like the proposal to streamline the bureaucracy, the convention may be a way of counteracting that because it recognizes civil and political rights [of the workers],” explained Gene Niperos of the Alliance of Health Workers.
“It can be interpreted as liberally as possible [as long as it's] in the context of social justice,” they added.
End endo
Trade Union Congress of the Philippines (TUCP) also hailed the success of their counterparts in the public sector.
“We are the first Asian nation to ratify this ILO convention and by this ratification we bind ourselves to the right of government workers to unionize. Public sector unionism can only mean a stronger, more assertive civil service,” said TUCP Vice President Luis Corral in a message to Rappler.
It was President Rodrigo Duterte who endorsed the ratification of the convention to the Senate in May this year. TUCP is now looking forward that the President will take action on the measures seeking to end contractualization in the country.
“We await for the Presidential certification of HB 444 and major amendments to cure Department Order 174. This is crucial to ensuring endo will finally end as promised by Duterte,” they said. – Rappler.com
Language Consultancy Services Pvt. Ltd. (LCS®) is ISO 9001:2015 certified for quality management systems. Established in 2005 and incorporated as Private Limited Company in 2008, LCS® is a leading global language solutions provider, enabling companies to enter global markets with high quality multilingual products. LCS® strives to deliver reliable and quality Translation Services of global standards that exceed client's expectations.
Magazine & Books Translation:
LCS in engaged in Books, Magazines, Brochures and press releases translated into multiples languages. We work with several publishing houses and companies that require their magazines translated into one or multiple languages. Magazine & Books translations require an array of services that includes translation & localization, transcreation, designing & desktop publishing. Images and graphics may also require localization to reflect cultural preferences and sensitivities. Our designing team is equipped to handle artwork, fonts and layouts to ensure different characters and culture differences are captured truly in the translated magazine. We provide a full package to ensure that your magazine or book perfectly meets your objectives.
Books & Magazines contain varied range of topics from articles, news items, editorial comment, photo stories, review – each with different styles and tone. LCS's handpick native speaking linguists with specialist experience to handle Magazine Translations, preserves the integrity of the source text and author's tone and style.
With LCS's support as a dedicated language partner we support several publishing houses, media companies, printing services to translate their books & magazines for international readers. Our translation service includes:
• Native speaking linguists with experience from publishing houses
• In depth understanding of cultural requirements in target markets
• High quality translations in tight deadlines
• Transcreation of content that requires creativity
• Author's tone, style and brand identity to be preserved
• Designing of translated magazines delivered in your preferred format
• Translations in over 100 languages
Wanna know how much insanity is packed into this recently released trailer for the second half of Fuller House‘s third season? A real-life crocodile makes itself at home at the Tanner house in the clip… and that's still not the part that's got us talking.
We're far more interested in the family's time in Tokyo for Steve's wedding, particularly how the groom-to-be will react now that they know that D.J. loves him… and what that may or may not have to do with a) Matt possibly proposing while they're abroad, and b) Deej taking a spill off a giant waterfall as Steve looks on in horror.
“What if D.J. really was going to pick me?” Steve laments via voiceover. “This could be our wedding.”
When the Netflix comedy returns on Friday, Dec. 22, will Steve's nuptials and/or Matt's proposal go through as planned? How many cat cafés will the family visit while abroad? And seriously, what's the deal with that crocodile?
Press PLAY on the video above, then hit the comments with your predictions for the back half of Fuller House Season 3.
Paulette Weis and their husband Joel personally thanked Rockhampton paramedics yesterday for helping to save Joel's life after they had a heart attack.
Paulette Weis and their husband Joel personally thanked Rockhampton paramedics yesterday for helping to save Joel's life after they had a heart attack. 9 NEWS CQ
"I THINK my husband is having a heart attack. They have their eyes closed and is breathing really funny."
It's the words Koongal woman Paulette Weis never wants to repeat again.
On May 26, Paulette's husband, Joel, was complaining of back pain and generally feeling unwell.
The next thing they knew, there was darkness and they were unconscious.
Ms Weis swiftly called triple zero and relayed to call-taker Jessica Ferry what was happening.
Ms Ferry instructed Ms Weis to lay their husband "flat on their back and remove any pillows and anything from theirs head".
As their breathing was not effective, Ms Ferry instructed Ms Weis to begin performing CPR.
On the line, Ms Weis is clearly heard saying: "Babe come on".
Ms Weis tirelessly starts life-saving compressions under the advice of Ms Ferry until paramedics arrived.
"My adrenaline seemed to kick in at that time," Ms Weis said.
"It was kind of frightening because it was my husband.
"The fact I had Jess on the phone talking me through, I managed to get them down on the floor and do what I had to do.
"Jess kept me going through that time until the guys arrived."
Yesterday, the husband and wife visited the Rockhampton Ambulance Station to thank their heroes.
The Weis family thanked local paramedics for saving Mr Weis's life in May when they had a heart attack. Contributed
Queensland Ambulance Service (QAS) critical care paramedic Robert Deed, and paramedics Claire Wehlow, Tessa Williamson and Hamed Moqaddasi were first on scene.
Within six minutes from when the call was logged, Mr Deed was inside the house and treating Mr Weis with three other paramedics arriving shortly afterwards.
Mr Weis's cardiac arrest was complex so two more paramedics, Karina Bahnsich and Salvador Ochoa-Portillo arrived later to help with local police officer Ryan Packenham.
Together the six paramedics and police officer provided continuous compressions and administered four shocks with a defibrillator.
On the fourth shock, Mr Weis's heart rhythm returned, but they were not yet out of danger and was rushed to Rockhampton Hospital for further treatment.
 They are now back at home with their wife thanks to the help of numerous emergency services personnel.
"I am happy to be alive for sure, it gives you a different perspective in life," Mr Weis said.
"Look at what is important and what's not."
Mr Weis is grateful for their wife's immediate reaction and life-saving quick thinking.
Luckily, they have suffered no permanent effects from the heart attack.
"I am really happy I don't have any damage to any organs and I think that was directly attributed to Paulette," Mr Weis said.
"With one to two minutes of the arrest they had started CPR
"I think it would have been a different story if there had been no CPR until the ambulance arrived.
"It saved my life."
The electrician said the experience had been a "wake-up call" on how important first-aid skills were.
It was the first time Ms Weis had performed CPR on another person.
"The first time and I hope it is the only time," they said.
QAS call transcript
Call-taker Jess Ferry: Ambulance, what's the suburb of the emergency
Paulette Weis: Koongal
Ms Ferry: Okay so exactly what happened?
Ms Weis: I think my husband is having a heart attack
Ms Ferry: Okay and is they awake?
Me Weis: Oh, they have got their eyes closed and they are breathing really funny
Ms Ferry: Okay I am organising help for you now, just stay on the line and I will tell you what to do next.
Now I want you to lay them flat on their back and remove any pillows or anything from underneath their head.
BREAK
Ms Ferry: Say now for me time they take a breath.
Ms Weis. 1...2...Babe come on...3...4
Ms Ferry: At this stage their breathing rate is not effective so I am going to tell you how to do resuscitation. Just make sure they are flat on their back.
Ms Weis: Yes they are flat on their back.
Ms Ferry: I want you to place the heel of your hand on the breastbone in their chest, right in the centre right between the nipples. And put your other hand on top of that hand, pump the chest hard and fast, at least twice per second and five centimetres deep. Now let the chest come all the way up between the pumps, we are going po do this 600 times or until help can take over. I want you to count out loud so I can count with you.
Ms Weis: Yep.
Ms Ferry: Alright so are you ready to start?
Ms Weis: Yep.
Ms Ferry: Alright start now, count outloud for me.
Ms Weis: 1, 2, 3, 4....
Ms Ferry: Yep
Ms Weis: 1, 2, 3, 4
Ms Ferry: Keep doing that okay, the ambulance has been organised and has been on it's way for a while. Now if you can you get the other person there to have the door unlocked and have any pets put away so they come straight in. ENDS
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Potentially deadly 'Aussie flu' - also known as H3N2 - has arrived in the UK after claiming hundreds of lives in Australia.
Aussie flu affected up to 170,000 people in Australia - more than two-and-a-half times last year's total - with over 300 reported to have died.
In late December, Ireland saw its first deaths - though 'no more than 10' - while the potential killer strain has now been confirmed in parts of the UK too.
(Image: Getty)
No deaths have been reported here but Public Health England's latest flu report, released on January 4th, reveals 17 people are in intensive care or a high dependency unit with H3N2.
However, according to the Flu Survey map, just two areas of the country have no reports of flu, including the Aussie strain.
The worst-hit areas include Portsmouth, Plymouth, Northern Ireland, Dundee, Doncaster, Chelmsford, Northampton and Canterbury, according to the map.
But what is 'Aussie flu'? And what steps can you take to avoid it? Read below to find out.
What are the Aussie flu symptoms?
The NHS stress that flu symptoms can come on quickly and can include:
a sudden fever
body aches
coughing
exhaustion
fever
headache
minor congestion
sore throat
vomiting and diarrhoea
Symptoms for children are similar and may also include a pain in the ear, while appearing less active.
How can you treat flu?
Flu usually clears up by itself after around a week, but there are ways you can recover more quickly.
rest
sleep
keep warm
take paracetamol and ibuprofen
drinking plenty of water
GPs do not prescribe antibiotics as they will not relieve symptoms or help recovery.
You can seek advice most easily from a pharmacist, and are encouraged not to call 999 or go to A&E unless you develop sudden chest pain, have trouble breathing or start coughing blood.
Patients are advised to only go to their GP if their symptoms fail to improve after seven days, they are a child, over-65, pregnant or have a long-term medical condition or weakened immune system.
What is Australian flu?
There are two main types of flu - A and B.
One of the strains of influenza circulating the UK this year is a type of flu known as H3N2.
The particular strain of H3N2 flu that is affecting the UK is similar to the type that Australia suffered from earlier this year, during their winter.
Dr Richard Pebody, acting head of respiratory diseases at Public Health England, said: "In Australia they saw excess mortality and other hospitalisations and so on due to H3N2."
What is it like?
Sufferers of Aussie flu have come forward to tell their story to Mirror Online.
Mum-of-three Natalie Shand, 39, thought their Aussie flu was a hangover until they were struck down with vomiting, chest pains and wheezing.
Natalie, from Oldbury in the West Midlands, was left bedbound for five weeks off and on.
(Image: Natalie Shand)
Meanwhile Mark Wilde, 51, from Great Sankey, Warrington, struggled to eat and walk after they were struck down with the H3N2 strain on New Year's Eve.
Their fiancee Clare Roberts, 45, also caught the bug.
The couple, who "couldn't move" because of a rocketing fever, muscle aches and chest pains, said they would not wish the disease on "their worst enemy".
(Image: Supplied)
How can you avoid getting the flu?
(Image: Rex)
People have been urged to get a flu jab to protect themselves from the H3N2 strain.
The flu vaccine is the best protection we have, although because flu strains change, it needs to be done every year.
The flu jab is offered free to adults at risk, over-65s, pregnant women and children at risk aged six months to two years old, and a spray is offered to children up to four.
You can have the jab at your GP and some pharmacies. Serious side effects of the vaccine are rare.
Those who don't heed the advice and are diagnosed by a GP may be prescribed an anti-viral medication to treat their symptoms.
While it takes 10 to 14 days for the vaccine to take effect, Dr Pebody encouraged those who can take advantage of the NHS's free programme to do so.
It has been reported that the vaccine used in Australia wasn't as effective as hoped.
If you haven't been diagnosed but think you have the flu, you can speak to a pharmacist to find out if there are any over-the-counter medications you can take.
People can prevent the virus from spreading by washing their hands regularly, covering their mouth and nose with tissues or a sleeve when they cough or sneeze, and cleaning surfaces they suspect are infected.
What is the difference between flu and a cold?
The symptoms may be similar to a common cold, but flu tends to be more severe.
Flu tends to come on in a few hours, makes you feel exhausted and affects more than the nose and throat alone.
It can also lead to much more serious complications like pneumonia.
What are the experts saying?
(Image: iStockphoto)
Experts have warned that this year's strain of Aussie flu could be more dangerous than the 1968 flu pandemic that killed more than a million worldwide.
Public health expert Professor Robert Dingwall, of Nottingham Trent University, warned: "The reports from Australia suggest the UK might be in for the worst winter flu season for many years."
However, Public Health England said that it was not yet known whether the UK would be hit as hard as Australia.
When we think of wounded warriors and their recovery, oftentimes things like rehabilitation, reintegration, therapy, adaptive sports and family come to mind. But perhaps one underestimated approach to recovery is art — the ability to express emotions and heal through different mediums.
On April 12, the Military Health System recognized the benefits of art in recovery and launched the Pentagon Patriotic Art Program: Wounded Warrior Healing Arts Exhibit. The exhibit features 40 dynamic images of artwork created by individuals across the military services' Wounded Warrior programs and from the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center's National Intrepid Center of Excellence.
The healing benefits of art are apparent when you speak with any of the featured artists.
“To me, it helps me transfer my feelings — either anger, sadness or stress — from my personal life onto paper or onto canvas,” said artist and retired Marine Corps Staff Sgt. Adel Abudayeh.
When asked if they always had a passion for art, Abudayeh said they had not done art in their entire life — not until they started doing it at the hospital.
Another artist, retired Marine Corps Sgt. Richard Ung, was able to share their emotions through their art. When asked why they titled their drawing “Small,” they said it represents how small they felt after enduring a difficult firefight on a deployment.
“After that firefight, everything started rushing through my mind, every thought. I realized how small I was in the world. It was a feeling I'll never forget,” they shared.
Their experiences are representative of the holistic approach to healing, something Vice Adm. Raquel Bono, director, Defense Health Agency, addressed during the event:
“It's more than just the physical treatment. We need to be attentive to the different domains within each of our patients. Whether that's the spiritual, the intellectual, the mental, the physical, the religious…all of those domains are incredibly important in terms of being able to re-emerge and be able to achieve that wholeness again. I think that being able to display the efforts, your efforts, in the healing arts, is just an incredibly powerful way to bring that message home.”
And it's not just the adults who recognize the significance of programs like this. We asked retired Marine Corps Sgt. Christopher Greenleaf's 5-year-old daughter, Joy, what they thought of their work: “I think it's awesome!”
The yearlong exhibit celebrates and honors the wounded, ill and injured Service members and veterans who have leveraged the power of healing arts to inspire their recovery, rehabilitation, reintegration or transition to civilian life. Be sure to stop by and check out this amazing display of talent next time you're in the Pentagon!
The exhibit is sponsored by the Office of the Secretary of Defense, Washington Headquarters Services, Executive Services Directorate and managed by the OSD Graphics and Presentations Division.
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.12.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 15:37 Story ID: 230628 Location: ARLINGTON FOREST, VA, US Web Views: 2 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Brave Art: The Healing Power of Art for Our Wounded Warriors, by Reyna Johnson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
WESTPORT, Conn. (WTNH)– Westport Police were able to make a burglary arrest after they found the suspect hiding in a laundry room on Friday.
Police say at around 4:30 a.m., officers were dispatched to Woodside Avenue on a report of a motor vehicle break in that was in progress. The homeowner had confronted the suspect but the suspect fled the scene on foot before officers arrived.
A few minutes later, an officer observed a man in a driveway on Woodside Avenue jumping over a fence at the back of the driveway and running into the rear yard. A short time after that, the suspect was then spotted again, this time on the southwest corner of 35 Kings Highway North.
When officers checked the area, they came across a common laundry room that was attached to 35 Kings Highway North and noticed the room was strangely locked. Officers were able to obtain a key from the property owner and when they opened the door, they found the suspect hiding inside.
The suspect was identified as Darius McCallop. An officer was able to identify them as the man seen fleeing the scene earlier. McCallop was charged with burglary from a motor vehicle, burglary, criminal mischief, interfering with an officer and fugitive from justice.
There had also been an active extraditable Violation of Parole warrant for McCallop out of New York City for robbery.
Once the area was checked, a backpack containing what appeared to be stolen merchandise from motor vehicles was found. McCallop was additionally charged with larceny and burglary after detectives were able to link the merchandise found in McCallop's backpack to a vehicle burglary in the area.
A man evicted from an encampment under a bridge packs their belongings as sanitation workers wait to clear debris in Philadelphia, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The cityâ€™s homeless packed up their few belongings as sanitation workers cleaned and power washed what had been a heroin encampment only moments before. The morning activity attended by police was part of a month-long pilot program meant to relocate addicts living under two bridges in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
A man evicted from an encampment under a bridge packs their belongings as sanitation workers wait to clear debris in Philadelphia, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The cityâ€™s homeless packed up their few belongings as sanitation workers cleaned and power washed what had been a heroin encampment only moments before. The morning activity attended by police was part of a month-long pilot program meant to relocate addicts living under two bridges in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Philadelphia city workers have moved in and cleared out two homeless encampments populated mostly by men and women addicted to heroin.
On Wednesday, residents packed up their belongings, stuffing some in shopping carts. Sanitation workers moved in and threw mattresses, tents, tables and other debris into garbage trucks and power washed the areas.
The action marked the end of a monthlong pilot program by the city to get help for those living in the encampments and make the city's Kensington neighborhood safer.
City officials say more than 120 people from the encampments have accepted services, and nearly four dozen entered treatment.
But they acknowledge some of those forced to move will not have access to shelter and will likely just move on to other homeless encampments.
The Google Pixel 2 isn't shaping up to be the radical reinvention some had hoped, according to a new leak.
The smaller-sized Google Pixel 2, said to be coming later in 2017 and codenamed Walleye, is said to be in a new image shared by VentureBeat today. It has a new design and hardware features like the fingerprint sensor sitting below the glass, larger single rear-facing camera and the missing 3.5mm headphone jack, all consistent with the Google Pixel 2 rumors we've heard so far.
But where things sharply diverge is on the front side of the purported phone, which is said to be made by HTC. While earlier leaks showed off a smaller top and bottom bezel, akin to the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S8 and LG G6, this new image shows bezels that look just as big as the current Google Pixel, if not bigger.
This leak adds credibility to some other rumors that we've reported on previously. Google is said to be tapping HTC for its BoomSound tech (as is made apparent by the dual-speaker ports seen in the leaked image) and the squeeze-friendly technology found in the HTC U11. Both features will give the Pixel 2 a unique edge over the iPhone 8.
Credit: VentureBeat
Were you hoping for something more?
The flagship smartphone market (and really, the smartphone market at large) is always in search of the next big feature. Once it's found, each of the major players usually leap onto it as soon as possible.
If the latest leak is to be taken as the real deal, it seems that Google has decided not to join the others. Google's sophomore Pixel effort won't be another device that features trimmed bezels or a dual-lens rear camera setup.
But harping on what it isn't sort of detracts from what it is, or at least could be. Why be a “me too” device when the Pixel 2 could stick out with a different design? What's more, the lack of a dual-lens camera might be disappointing for some, like ex-Googler Vic Gundotra , but today's Pixel doesn't need much help in the photo department as is.
VentureBeat's leak suggests that the asupervisorstioned design and hardware features, like the lack of a headphone jack, and a dual-lens camera, apply to all of the rumored Google Pixel 2 models. So, whether your heart is set on the smaller model rumored to be made by HTC or the larger LG-made Google Pixel 2, codenamed Taimen, one size should fit all when it comes to standout features.
In this Saturday, May 26, 2018 image from video released by the U.S. Geological Survey, lava sends up clouds of steam and toxic gases as it enters the Pacific Ocean as Kilauea Volcano continues its eruption cycle near Pahoa on the island of Kilauea, Hawaii. Lava from the Kilauea volcano has reached a geothermal power plant on the Big Island, approaching wells that have been capped to protect against the release of toxic gas should they mix with lava. (U.S. Geological Survey via AP)
U.S. Navy Pacific Fleet Command Master Chief Susan Whitman, left, and U.S. Navy Cmdr. Shane Tanner, right, executive officer for Carrier Airborne Early Warning Squadron (VAW) 125, speak during a visit to the facilities, Sailors and Marines at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 14, 2017. Whitman spoke about destructive behaviors such as sexual assault, drug abuse and alcohol abuse and how it affects warfighting readiness. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Joseph Abrego)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 05:21 Photo ID: 3166699 VIRIN: 170214-M-ON157-0009 Resolution: 4910x3273 Size: 8.15 MB Location: MCAS IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Pacific Fleet Command Master Chief visits Iwakuni [Image 1 of 4], by LCpl Joseph Abrego, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Robert Lewandowski fit and raring to go against R
Wes Morgan back in Leicester training ahead of At
Steward gives not so thorough searches at Tottenh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool will have to duke it out with a number of European teams if they want to sign Brazilian midfielder Thiago Maia.
The Santos star has had an excellent season in the Brazilian league, with the Reds reportedly interested in bringing the hard-tackling 20-year-old to Anfield.
But according to Telefoot, French sides Lille, Monaco and Paris Saint-Germain also have their sights on the deep-lying midfielder.
Chelsea and Schalke have also been linked with Maia, who has turned out 31 league games for Santos this season.
Klopp hints they could retire at Liverpool
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
Jurgen Klopp has admitted Liverpool could be their last club in management - but knows they must bring trophies to Anfield to avoid an "uncomfortable situation".
The Kop boss turns 50 in June and their current contract on Merseyside is set to expire in 2022, by which time the will be 55 years old.
If they fulfil that deal, their Reds reign will have spanned seven years - the same number of years they spent in charge of German sides Mainz and Borussia Dortmund, the Liverpool Echo report.
"I will not have been in charge of 10 different clubs once my managerial career is over," they told Sport1 .
Lucas eyes new deal
(Photo: Liverpool FC via Getty Images)
Lucas aims to help Liverpool into the Champions League – and earn a new contract.
But Liverpool's long-serving Brazilian midfielder admits talks are on hold until the end of the season.
And with just one year left on their deal at Anfield, after joining from Gremio in 2007, Lucas knows they could yet be sold.
They were recalled for Reds' 1-0 win at West Brom as Jurgen Klopp's men climbed to third.
Lucas said: “I want to finish the season on a high. The opportunity I have been given I think I have helped and I hope I can help in the next five games."
James Nursey has more here .
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Netflix will be required to open up its catalogues in Europe following a ruling from the European Parliament.
The online streaming service regularly uses "geo-fencing" to limit certain shows and films to certain geographical locations .
However, bosses in Europe have demanded the US-based technology company allow people to access their online media wherever they are on the continent.
It would mean that French viewers could watch their favourite French shows whether they are staying in Germany, Italy or Spain.
(Photo: Rex)
The decision comes only a few months after Netflix launched a crackdown on people using proxies to dupe the service into showing them content from other areas.
But the EU's new rule states that content providers (such as Netflix or Amazon) won't be allowed to use an IP address as a means of identification. Instead, they will have to ask for address information to serve the customer with their correct libraries and favourite shows.
European Union officials said they had made the decision after looking at the data around internet usage whilst travelling. They said that almost half of users access the internet to listen to music and watch films.
Whether the ruling means Netflix will relax its virtual borders regarding countries outside the EU - such as the USA - remains to be seen.
"Rudy is on the [Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court]!" Page excitedly texted Strzok on July 25, 2016. "Did you know that? Just appointed two months ago."
"I did," Strzok responded. "I need to get together with him."
"[He] said he'd gotten on a month or two ago at a graduation party we were both at."
"[REDACTED] suggested a social setting with others would probably be better than a one on one meeting," Strzok told Page. "I'm sorry, I'm just going to have to invite you to that cocktail party."
"Have to come up with some other work people cover for action," Strzok added.
"Why more?" Page responded. "Six is a perfectly fine dinner party."
Text messages obtained by The Federalist show thata FISA judge who presided over Michael Flynn's guilty plea and was later removed from the case.Newly discovered text messages obtained by The Federalist reveal two key federal law enforcement officialswho presided over the federal case against Michael Flynn.The text messages about Contreras between controversial Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) lawyer Lisa Page and Peter Strzok, the senior FBI counterintelligence official who was kicked off Robert Mueller's special counsel team, were deliberately hidden from Congress, multiple congressional investigators told The Federalist. In the messages, Page and Strzok, who are rumored to have been engaged in an illicit romantic affair,Contreras was appointed to the top surveillance court on May 19, 2016, federal records show.Strzok expressed concern that a one-on-one meeting between the two men might require Contreras' recusal from matters in which Strzok was involved.It is not known whether the proposed party happened as planned.While working as one of the top counterintelligence officials at the FBI,Flynn later pleaded guilty to one charge of providing false information to federal investigators. Strzok later left the FBI to join Mueller's special counsel team, which obtained the indictment of Flynn.Flynn's guilty plea was accepted in federal court by Contreras on December 1, 2017. The New York Times reported the next day that Strzok, who left the FBI to work for special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election, had been removed from the case by Mueller due to inappropriate text messages between Strzok and another federal official, now believed to be DOJ attorney Lisa Page. On December 5, 2017, Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), the chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee, wrote a letter to FBI director Christopher Wray demanding text messages from Strzok as well as any notes they took regarding their interviews with Flynn.Neither Contreras nor federal judiciary officials have publicly indicated the reason for Contreras' removal from the case. Contreras' office declined to comment on inquiries asking about their relationship with Strzok, or why they were not recused from the Flynn case until after they had accepted Flynn's guilty plea.The pre-existing relationship between Strzok and Contreras and Contreras' mysterious recusal from the Flynn case, forced or otherwise,The text messages that show Page and Strzok conspiring to meet with Contreras were originally hidden from Congress. In records provided by DOJ to Congress, the exchanges referencing Contreras, and plans to meet with them under the guise of a cocktail party, were completely redacted by federal law enforcement officials. The exchanges obtained by The Federalist include information that was never turned over to Congress.Congressional investigators told The Federalist that only 3,162 of the more than 1.2 million documents retained by the DOJ Inspector General (IG) have been turned over to the committees specifically tasked with oversight of the Department of Justice and FBI.On Thursday, Grassley and Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) asked Attorney General Jeff Sessions to name a special prosecutor to work independently with the IG to investigate the law enforcement agencies."They cannot be counted on to investigate themselves," Grassley said in an interview. "If you do something wrong, you don't have the fox guard the chicken house."Sessions has not yet publicly said how they plan to tackle the problems in their department.is a senior editor at The Federalist.
NOAH TRISTER
AP Baseball Writer
LAKELAND, Fla. (AP) — Even for an accomplished veteran like Justin Verlander, the start of spring training can be special.
“I usually sleep pretty well. I woke up early today,” the Detroit ace said Tuesday. “On one hand, you want to appreciate everything as much as you can. It's not such a whirlwind anymore — you kind of know what to expect. But in the same aspect, every day is pretty much the same thing I've done for 12 years, so it also starts going faster.”
Verlander's Tigers were among 15 teams with their first scheduled workouts for pitchers and catchers Tuesday. As major leaguers took the field in Florida and Arizona, that familiar sound of balls popping into mitts served as a reminder that in baseball at least, winter is finally over.
While Verlander and the Tigers went through their routine at their newly renovated facility in Lakeland, the Boston Red Sox were about 115 miles to the south, holding their first workout of the post-Papi era. It's Boston's first season without David Ortiz since the Red Sox signed them in January 2003, but Big Papi's retirement may not be too big a blow to a team that added star left-hander Chris Sale.
Over in Arizona, the Cleveland Indians began preparing to defend their American League title. Cleveland won the AL Central comfortably last year and made it to the World Series before losing to the Chicago Cubs in seven games.
“This time of year, everyone is at glass half-full,” Indians manager Terry Francona said. “We have good reason to be.”
Hopes are always high at the start of spring training, but occasionally there's some injury news on the first day. Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said right-hander Chris Tillman had a platelet-rich plasma injection on their right shoulder and won't start the season until April 7 at the earliest.
The Kansas City Royals said left-hander Brian Flynn broke a rib and had three minor vertebrae fractures in a bizarre offseason injury. Flynn is expected to miss two months after falling through a barn roof at their Oklahoma residence.
The Royals and Miami Marlins begin this season with heavy hearts following the deaths of pitchers Yordano Ventura last month and Jose Fernandez in September, and Tigers owner Mike Ilitch died Friday at age 87.
“I got to know them as best as an owner and player can know each other,” said Detroit catcher Alex Avila, whose father Al is the team's general manager. “He was always a very gracious and generous person — very nice to myself, my family. … Very loyal. I know as a family, we always felt we had to kind of reciprocate that loyalty because he's a tremendous man. They're a great family.”
The Arizona Diamondbacks have also found themselves dealing with some sobering news. Their bench coach, former Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire, has prostate cancer and is set to have surgery. They said doctors believe they caught the cancer early.
The Diamondbacks went 69-93 last year and are one of a few National League teams that started workouts Tuesday amid tepid expectations. The Phillies, Reds and Rockies also finished well out of the postseason picture in 2016, but that doesn't mean they can't set goals for themselves.
Philadelphia manager Pete Mackanin said they want their team to play .500 baseball deeper into the season after the Phillies lost 91 games last year.
For the first time since 2009, the Giants are entering an odd-numbered season without a World Series title to defend. After winning it all in 2010, 2012 and 2014, San Francisco made the playoffs last year as a wild card but lost in the Division Series to the Cubs.
The Giants look like contenders again in 2017, and manager Bruce Bochy had plenty of reasons to be upbeat Tuesday when their pitchers and catchers took the field.
“It's a day you look forward to, getting a chance to see everybody and hear the sound of the bat, watch these guys work out again,” Bochy said. “So it's a good day.”
___
AP Baseball Writer Janie McCauley in Scottsdale, Arizona, contributed to this report.
___
Follow Noah Trister at http://www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Soldiers Radio News
Soldiers compete in the 2017 Best Ranger Competition and the 1-68 AR participates in a live fire exercise for Operation Atlantic Resolve.
SERGEANT AUDREY SANTANA, SOLDIERS RADIO NEWS
ACTIVE DUTY AND NATIONAL GUARD SOLDIERS COMPETED IN TWO-MAN TEAMS FOR THE 20-17 the BEST RANGER COMPETITION AT FORT BENNING IN GEORGIA. CAPTAIN ROBERT KILLIAN, OF THE COLORADO GUARD, SAYS HE'S HONORED TO BE A PART OF THIS EVENT.
"I MEAN THESE ARE, YOU KNOW, THE TOP ONE PERCENT OF THE BEST GUYS IN They ACTIVE DUTY, SO IT'S AWESOME FOR US AS GUARDSMEN TO BE ABLE TO COME OUT AND BE ABLE TO COMPETE WITH THEM."
AS A PART OF OPERATION ATLANTIC RESOLVE, U-S SOLDIERS WITH 1-68TH ARMOR REGIMENT, CONDUCTED A LIVE FIRE EXERCISE IN LATVIA. MASTER GUNNER, STAFF SERGEANT PAUL GUNTHER SAYS THE RANGE WAS DESIGNED TO HELP THEM ADAPT TO THEIR NEW SURROUNDINGS.
"BACK AT FORT CARSON IN COLORADO, WE OPERATE ON DEFINED RANGES, HERE IT CHALLENGES THE TANK COMMANDERS TO ACTUALLY HUNT FOR TARGETS, TO HUNT FOR POTENTIAL ENEMY."
VISIT THE U-S ARMY YOUTUBE CHANNEL FOR OUR LATEST EPISODE OF SITREP all about reenlisting. THANKS FOR LISTENING TO YOUR SOLDIERS RADIO NEWS.
Financial impact
Around dusk on a late November weekday, hundreds of people walked through Mandalay Bay, past empty restaurants just off the casino floor and toward the huge convention center.Employees of CarMax, the nation's largest used-car dealer, had gathered here from around the U.S. to attend the company's annual President's Club gala, an award ceremony to recognize top talent.Roughly 4,500 people filled the convention center to eat, dance and hobnob with CarMax senior management. Many employees stayed at the hotel."It's a business trip. We didn't choose the Mandalay Bay. It was already chosen for us since last year," said CarMax employee Felicia Green.Visiting from Fayetteville, North Carolina, Green said they wouldn't have stayed at the Mandalay Bay if she'd had a choice. The Oct. 1 mass shooting that occurred at the hotel was still too fresh in their mind. On that late October Sunday night, a VIP guest staying on the 32nd floor blackened the image of Mandalay Bay when they smashed their room windows to spray gunfire on thousands of concertgoers across Las Vegas Boulevard, killing 58 people.The shooting raised questions about how the 3,211-room hotel would weather the stigma of the mass shooting. Would people want to gamble, party and sleep where one of the worst mass murderers in American history carried out their crimes?For Jayson Baboolal, a leisure tourist, the answer is not now.Visiting Las Vegas from Miami, Baboolal said they would "probably" stay at the Mandalay Bay at some point in the future, but for this trip they chose to stay at New York-New York."So many people died there (at the Las Vegas Village festival grounds, across from Mandalay Bay)," they said. "You just get the chills going in there." MGM Resorts International Chief Executive Officer Jim Murren said Nov. 8 that bookings were returning to normal and forecast the casino operator's Strip-wide revenue would be down only in the low to mid-single digits during the fourth quarter compared with that of the year-earlier period. That would suggest as much as a $65 million drop in Strip revenue. Their forecast did not address direct financial impact on Mandalay Bay. But the number of cancellations doubled immediately. Restaurateurs felt short-term pain, gamblers on the casino floor thinned out and hotel employees' hours were eventually cut.A repeat visitor commenting on TripAdvisor, a popular travel website, observed in early November that the hotel was "painfully slow." Spokeswoman Debra DeShong said the lower activity at Mandalay Bay is driven by seasonality and the fact that there is one fewer conference this month. They declined to give specific occupancy data for Mandalay Bay, citing regulatory requirements for publicly traded companies."As we've indicated previously, we expected occupancy at Mandalay Bay to be lower this December due to the timing of a rotating convention that was held last year."John DeCree, an analyst at Union Gaming, thinks the slowdown will be short-lived and limited mainly to vacationers."I think any near-term impact would be on leisure customers, who can be more flexible," they said. "Vegas is still a great value for group and meeting planners, and Mandalay is one of the best hotels for meetings."The October visitation numbers support that thesis. Las Vegas tourism was down for October, with visitation falling 4.2 percent to 3.6 million tourists. It was the second steepest year-over-year drop of 2017 recorded by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority. Business tourism, though, jumped 35 percent amid more conventions.The rest of the article may be read here
Share. Defend your captured fortresses against Sauron's counter assault. Defend your captured fortresses against Sauron's counter assault.
Middle-earth: Shadow of War will have an endgame mission called Shadow Wars.
Eurogamer reports Shadow Wars will be a mini-campaign of sorts that can be completed after players finish the story and have taken over all of Mordor. Successfully finishing the endgame content will grant you the Shadow of War's true ending, which allegedly ties the story into Lord of the Rings.
In Shadow Wars, players will defend their fortresses from a counter assault launched by Sauron. Players will be on the defensive as they maintain control over several capture points.
Those who succeed and eliminate the opposing warchiefs will retain control of the fortress. Failing to do so will force you to retake the fortresses and may task you with recusing the orc follower that was designated as Overlord of the fortress.
The mini-campaign will be broken into various stages, which get progressively more difficult.
Middle-earth: Shadow of War launches for PS4, Xbox One and PC on October 10. For more on the game, read about its ranked online mode, microtransactions and first DLC pack The Blade of Galadriel.
Alex Gilyadov is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street producer Kate Oates has revealed Alison King WILL return to the ITV soap at Christmas.
The much-loved character devastated fans of the ITV soap when they left Weatherfield for Devon.
But she'll be returning "to break new ground", Kate has confirmed in Radio Times.
They told the publication: "I didn't want to put them on that familiar cycle of self-destruction, recovery, followed by more self-destruction.
“What we'll have instead been these two strong Connor women – Carla and Michelle – on opposing sides and in conflict for a change.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
"It'll be a refreshing dynamic for us to see."
In the magazine, Corrie's leading females all pose as you've never seen them before - especially Sally Dynevor, who plays Sally Webster.
Looking nothing like their character, as they wear a black tailored suit and fluffy stiletto heels, complete with a smoky eye.
But Sally insists she's turning into their character - having played them since 1986 - even down to the name of their husband.
They said: "It's awful. I'm morphing into them I even have a husband called Tim [Emmerdale scriptwriter Tim Dynevor].
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
(Image: RADIO TIMES)
"I can be making a phone call to, say, a decorator and I'll say, 'I won't be there but Tim will be' and I'll hear a little snigger on the other end of the line.
"I wouldn't wear their clothes though – if I go to a photoshoot and there's anything resembling Sally, I want to cry."
In the photo-shoot, Sally is seen next to Lucy Fallon, Kym Marsh, Jane Danson, Catherine Tyldesley and Tina O'Brien - who play Bethany Platt, Michelle Connor, Leanne Battersby, Eva Price and Sarah Platt in the ITV soap.
*The interview is in this week's Radio Times, on sale from Tuesday 15 August 2017
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," they said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," they say. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." They say that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost their brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," they said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. They add: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
/
Here's the most important lesson you can learn from your past.
April 24, 2018 5 min read
A Note From The Editor Think your company has what it takes to make our Top Company Cultures list? Apply now. Apply now »
This story appears in the May 2018 issue of Entrepreneur. Subscribe »
I was at a bar recently with MICK, a successful DJ who spins for celebrities and big brands, and we were discussing their future. They have ambitious plans to expand their business, but like any entrepreneur, he's also concerned: Can they pull it off? What if they aren't equipped for the next steps?
Related: 5 Tips for Entrepreneurs to Keep Moving Forward
A day earlier, I'd heard a different example of that same fear. A friend in media was considering changing jobs and asked for my advice. She's a rock star at their publication. “But at this new job, I'll just be another employee,” they said. What if they can't repeat the success they have right now?
Dig into anybody's future plans and you'll hit some version of this anxiety. It's always there, aching and sometimes paralyzing. If we indulge it, we turn down amazing opportunities. We sacrifice our futures in order to cling to the past. We lose. And that's unacceptable. The only way forward is to overcome this anxiety -- and to do that, we first need to understand it. So let's put the question another way. Let's see it for what it really is.
Related: 10 Ways to Move Forward After Suffering a Big Setback
When we worry that we can't repeat our past successes, we're essentially asking: What if everything thus far was luck? What if it was my team, or timing, or the benefits of youth? What if none of it had to do with me?
And let me tell you something: That's crap.
I know this because of the entrepreneurs I meet. They encountered setbacks -- everyone does! -- but they overcame them. The experience taught them that they can survive future setbacks, too. They built one company and learned they can build another. They evolved as leaders and learned they can keep evolving. At the beginning of their journeys, they may not have had such confidence in themselves. But that confidence grew. They proved their worth -- to others, yes, but most importantly to themselves.
I also know this because I've lived it myself. I remember being at my first magazine job in Boston and considering taking a new job at Men's Health. It was scary. I'd made good friends and done good work in Boston; what if I couldn't repeat that? But frightened as I was, I decided to try my hand. Three years later, I was on repeat. I'd made good friends and done good work at Men's Health, was offered another job elsewhere, and felt the same fear. What if I can't repeat the success a second time? But I did. And so I came to a conclusion that, frankly, may sound pompous and self-aggrandizing but has helped me walk into every new situation afterward: My success, I decided, wasn't created by the company where I worked. It was created by me.
Entrepreneurs talk a lot about taking responsibility for failure. It's a good message: No excuses! We need to own our mistakes; it's the only way to learn from them. But let's not forget to own our successes, too. Our confidence should build upon itself -- knowing that we only start from scratch once, that we have what it takes, that our past simply shows a way forward.
Related: 8 Highly Effective Business Success Tips for Entrepreneurs
Is there a little luck in every success? Sure. We all took risks in our careers, and, through some unmeasurable balance of skill and timing and good fortune, they paid off in ways that led us to where we are. But was it all luck? If we had to do it over again, is there a chance we'd end up as failures? No way. Luck just influenced the path. It shifted the winds. If luck had broken for me differently, I wouldn't have this job I have now -- but I am absolutely certain that I'd have found some other satisfying path and built some different version of success, and I think the same is true for us all.
We're entrepreneurs: We work with what we've got. Sometimes it's a lucky break. Sometimes it's not. The important thing is that we keep moving forward -- and know that because we took one big step forward, and we didn't fall down, we will stay standing when we take that next step, too.
By The Associated Press
HAGATNA, Guam (AP) — Dozens held signs and waved Guam's flag during a rally for peace in the U.S. territory.
Monday's demonstration came days after North Korea threatened to fire four intermediate-range missiles into the ocean near Guam. The protest also followed a week of heated exchanges between Pyongyang and Washington.
Participants chanted “Peace, not war, that's what our island is for.” Demonstrators sang Guam's hymn and blew kulo or shell trumpets.
Melvin Won Pat-Borja says many people in the community are frustrated, scared and worried. The 35-year-old says it's not a good feeling to have your life threatened.
Last week President Donald Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” and said they were ready to unleash “fire and fury” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Rome, May 30 - A 77-year-old woman died after falling down the lift shaft from the sixth floor of their building in Rome on Wednesday, sources said. The accident took place on Viale Regina Margherita, the sources said. The woman is believed to have died instantly. The woman reportedly lived on the first floor of the apartment block, sources said. The result of a medical exam is being awaited.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May is accused of breaking their vow to end “burning injustices” after leaving a poverty watchdog empty for at least six months.
The Prime Minister has still not replaced their Social Mobility Commission after the entire team dramatically quit in December.
Alan Milburn quit as Commission chairperson, along with their three fellow commissioners, saying they had “little hope” of a fairer Britain.
Now ministers have admitted they will only interview candidates to replace them in “early May”.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
And the other Commissioners will only be recruited after the new chair has been chosen - suggesting a delay of months more.
Shadow Education Secretary Angela Rayner said the delay “tells us everything we need to know about the Tories' real priorities.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They added: “It is hard to escape the suspicion that they are desperate to avoid being held to account on their own promises.
“I warn them now that another government crony simply will not command confidence or respect.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Ms Rayner obtained confirmation of the delay from Tory Education Minister Nadhim Zahawi.
Mr Zahawi wrote: “The recruitment of a new Chair of the Social Mobility Commission is underway and applications closed on 30 March.
(Image: PA Archive/Press Association Images)
“Interviews are intended to take place in early May. This is a public appointment, and the process, including the interviews, will be completed following the procedures set out in the Public Appointments guidance.
“We plan to begin the recruitment process for new Commissioners as soon as possible after the new Chair has been appointed, to allow them or them to be involved in the process.”
Former Labour minister Mr Milburn resigned complaining the government did not have the “bandwith” to match its promises with reality.
They wrote in their resignation letter: “I have little hope of the current Government making the progress I believe is necessary to bring about a fairer Britain.”
Abortion is a safe medical procedure comparable to other office gynecological procedures such as endometrial biopsies, intrauterine device insertions, and cervical cone biopsies. Abortion is a safer procedure than many office medical procedures, including colonoscopies. The risk of death from continuing a pregnancy to childbirth is fourteen times greater than that of an abortion procedure.
Mansfield also noted that Iowa law imposes waiting periods for other important life decisions. "We have a three day waiting period for marriage. There is a 72-hour waiting period after birth for adoption. There is a 90-day waiting period for divorce," they wrote. "No one can reasonably question the legislature's power to impose these waiting periods before Iowans begin or end a marriage or give up a newborn baby for adoption. So why can't the legislature impose a waiting period before an abortion?"
The Iowa Supreme Court struck down a law that would require prior to obtaining an abortion in the state.On Friday, the state Supreme Court reversed the decision of the district court and ruled the waiting period restriction violated the Iowa Constitution and that "autonomy and dominion over one's body go to the very heart of what it means to be free."The court ruled, 5-2, in a challenge brought by Planned Parenthood of the Heartland (PPH),"At stake in this case is the right to shape, for oneself, without unwarranted governmental intrusion, one's own identity, destiny, and place in the world," the majority wrote . "Nothing could be more fundamental to the notion of liberty."Chief Justice Mark Cady wrote the decision in which they said the state "may not trespass upon the fundamental rights of the people."Cady also wrote:Cady referred to abortion as "" in the opinion and continued that Planned Parenthood of the Heartland (PPH) patients "are fully informed of the alternatives to the procedure, including parenting and adoption.""If a patient expresses any interest in continuing the pregnancy, PPH provides a list of resources for prenatal care, encourages them to begin prenatal vitamins, and can refer patients to obstetricians," they wrote.Justices Edward Mansfield - who is on President Donald Trump's list of potential nominees to the U.S. Supreme Court - and Thomas Waterman, however, disagreed with the majority.According to WQAD , in a dissenting opinion, Mansfield wrote the majority abandons "acceptable methods of constitutional interpretation" and conveys "an undertone of moral criticism toward abortion opponents."The Des Moines Register reported The waiting period requirement is part of a larger bill signed into law last year that bans most abortions past the 20th week of pregnancy. The 20-week restriction is already in effect and has not been challenged.In May, Iowa GOP Gov. Kim Reynolds also signed into law a measure that bans all abortions once a fetal heartbeat can be detected. A district judge, however, temporarily placed a hold on the historic law as a result of a lawsuit filed by PPH and another abortion clinic.Reynolds said the state Supreme Court's decision regarding the waiting period was disappointing, reports the Register."Often, women are in crisis when facing this decision, and it's a decision that can impact them for the rest of their lives," they said."The Iowa Supreme Court used language often associated with judicial activism in pushing a left-wing agenda," said Breitbart News Senior legal editor Ken Klukowski. "I would be surprised if this was truly the original meaning of what the people of Iowa embodied in the supreme law of that state."The case is Planned Parenthood of the Heartland and Jill Meadows vs. Kimberly K. Reynolds ex rel. State of Iowa and Iowa Board of Medicine, No.17-1579 in the Iowa Supreme Court.
Growth of the global big data analytics in healthcare market is anticipated to remain influenced by a slew of factors including surging government initiatives for increasing EHR adoption, rising pressure to curtail healthcare costs, soaring availability of big data in healthcare, growing venture capital investments, increasing focus to improve patient outcomes, and soaring technological advancements. This Fact.MR report analyzes the expansion of global big data analytics in healthcare market till date, and provides key insights on the growth of the market during the forecast period, 2017-2022.
Scope
The scope of Fact.MR's report is to analyze the global big data analytics in healthcare market for the forecast period 2017-2022 and provide readers an unbiased and accurate analysis. Medical device manufacturers, research institutes, and raw material suppliers in the global big data analytics in healthcare market can benefit from the analysis offered in this report. This report offers a comprehensive analysis, which can be of interest to leading trade magazines and medical journals pertaining to big data analytics in healthcare.
Summary
The report commences with brief information of the global big data analytics in healthcare market. This executive summary sets the tone for the rest of the report, providing users the scope of the report. The executive summary includes important facts and statistics on the global big data analytics in healthcare market.
Overview
The next section offers an overview of the global big data analytics in healthcare market. This comprises an introduction to the market, along with a standard definition of the product – big data analytics in healthcare. In this section, market value and year-over-year growth is offered to the readers. Year-over-year growth provides readers with a broader view of growth patterns over the forecast period.
The report's succeeding section focuses on drivers, restraints and key trends from macroeconomic, demand, and supply perspectives. Impact analysis of weighted average model-based growth drivers is contained in the report for better provision of decision-making insights to clients.
Buy Now Full Report @ https://www.xploremr.com/cart/reports/buynow/416
In order to offer readers with up-to-date information about the latest advancements in the global big data analytics in healthcare market, the report provides updates about market opportunities, which can benefit leading manufacturers of big data analytics in healthcare. With continuous evolution of the healthcare sector, keeping a record of the latest developments and trends is fundamental for big data analytics in healthcare manufacturers to formulate key business strategies. Detailed insights about raw material sourcing, supply chain, regulatory approvals, pricing analysis, list of distributors, and cost structure are provided in this section.
The Fact.MR report offers segment-wise analysis & forecast to cover the wide scope of global big data analytics in healthcare market. Key segments that guide expansion of the global big data analytics in healthcare market include spender type, tool type, application type, deployment type, and region. In this segmentation analysis, a detailed country-wise forecast across all key market parameters is also included.
The report's last section comprises of the global big data analytics in healthcare market competitive landscape, to provide readers with the dashboard view of company analysis and market players. This competitive intelligence is based on the providers' categories across value chain, and their presence in the global big data analytics in healthcare market.
Research Methodology
Fact.MR is committed to offer unbiased and independent market research solutions to its clients. Each market report of Fact.MR is compiled after months of exhaustive research. We bank on a mix of tried-and-tested and innovative research methodologies to offer the most comprehensive and accurate information. Our main sources of research include,
Primary research
Secondary research
Trade research
Focused interviews
Social media analysis
Request to sample report @ https://www.xploremr.com/connectus/sample/416
Provided
Charlamagne Tha God grew up in Moncks Corner
click to enlarge Jonathan Mannion
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
YouTube sensation Mike Fox proposed to girlfriend Abbie Hagger on Saturday - and the Instagram star said yes.
The 20-year-old popped the question after losing a boxing fight against fellow viral video man JMX.
The YouTubers were an undercard fight for the KSI vs Joe Weller fight taking place at The Copper Box arena.
Despite losing on points, Fox's fortunes turned around when Hagger, who has 44.3k followers on Instagram, agreed to marry him.
"I love you. F****** hell man… I don't think I can say this with a straight face," said Fox just prior to getting down on one knee.
(Image: KSI/YouTube)
(Image: KSI/YouTube)
The man with 1.2million YouTube subscribers then proposed to Hagger who promptly said yes.
JMX, who was watching and cheering on, joked that their chances of being the best man were probably now ruined.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two matches promising thrills and spills will take place inside WWE's infamous Hell in a Cell this Sunday night.
The SmackDown pay-per-view of the same name will see the company's top daredevil Shane McMahon return to the ring.
The blue brand's commissioner and son of WWE chairperson Vince McMahon will battle the vicious upstart Kevin Owens.
Meanwhile, the SmackDown tag titles will be defended as The New Day and The Usos look to settle one of the feuds of the year.
Here is all you need to know ahead of the big event.
(Image: © WWE)
When is WWE Hell in a Cell 2017?
WWE Hell in a Cell 2017 is being broadcast live from the Little Caesars Arena in Detroit, Michigan on Sunday, October 8. It gets underway from 8pm local time and from 1am in the UK (Monday morning).
Where can I watch it?
The pay-per-view event is available for £14.95 on Sky Box Office with either a live or repeat viewing.
You can watch it on the WWE Network, through the following devices/websites:
PS3 or PS4
Xbox 360 or Xbox One
Sony Internet-connected TVs
Samsung Smart TVs
Panasonic Life+Screen Smart TVs
Kindle Fire or Amazon Fire TV
Apple TV
Roku
iOS enabled devices
Android enabled devices
WWE.com
If you don't have access to these channels, you can follow the action with Mirror Sport, who will be live blogging throughout the show.
What about The Kickoff pre-show?
The Kickoff pre-show, featuring host Renee Young breaking down the action with celebrated pundits, will begin at 7pm local time and at midnight in the UK. You can watch it on the WWE Network, WWE.com, the official WWE App, YouTube and several other devices/websites.
(Image: © WWE)
What is the main event?
It's not clear at this stage which match will close the show, with either Jinder Mahal's defence of their WWE Championship against Shinsuke Nakamura or Shane McMahon's Hell in a Cell clash with Kevin Owens the two contenders for the main event spot.
The underwhelming Mahal retained their title against Nakamura in a poor match at SummerSlam, due to a distraction from The Singh Brothers. They have since mocked Nakamura's facial expressions and accent in a controversial and some would say unacceptable promo. Will they get their comeuppance with a title reign ending Kinshasa?
Owens has meanwhile infuriated Shane with similarly incendiary comments, suggesting their family would have been better off if they had died in their recent helicopter crash. To rub salt in the wounds, they then attacked their dad Vince McMahon! It's safe to say this bout will be an all-out war.
What about the women's title?
SmackDown Women's Champion Natalya defends their title against Charlotte Flair in a match between two of the best female athletes in the company. This pairing has barely scratched the surface yet, although Natalya has fired up Flair with some choice remarks about their father Ric, who is recovering from serious illness.
(Image: © WWE)
Will there be a tag team title match?
Yes, and it may well steal the show! The New Day and The Usos have enjoyed a brilliant rivalry this summer, with enthralling matches at Money in the Bank, Battleground (when The New Day captured The Usos' belts) and at SummerSlam. This decider should be a tour de force.
What are the other key matches on the card?
Dolph Ziggler has returned to action and spent weeks mocking stars who rely on their flamboyant entrances to gain fan support, rather than their in-ring prowess. Logically they have then been challenged by the man with the most glorious entrance in all of WWE, Bobby Roode.
Randy Orton narrowly missed out on another shot at Jinder Mahal's WWE Championship after demolishing Rusev in all of 10 seconds at SummerSlam. Now Rusev has the chance for revenge, assisted by their new ally, Aiden English.
The United States Champion AJ Styles is challenged by Baron Corbin, who is looking to regain some momentum after failing to cash-in their Money in the Bank briefcase and struggling to impress against Shinsuke Nakamura and John Cena. Can they shine versus the Phenomenal One?
(Image: © WWE)
Are there likely to be any surprise appearances?
Sami Zayn has been quite heavily involved in their long time nemesis Kevin Owens' spat with Shane McMahon and it would be intriguing if they had a part to play in their match-up. Likewise, Stephanie McMahon was none too impressed with KO's actions, and perhaps Triple H has something to say about the treatment of their brother and father-in-law...
Watch WWE Hell in a Cell 2017 live on the WWE Network or on Sky Sports Box Office at 1am on Monday, October 9.
You can follow all the action as it happens in the Mirror Sport WWE Hell in a Cell 2017 Live Blog from 11pm on Sunday, October 8.
Next Up The Most Anticipated New Winter Shows
Now Playing Spring Preview 2017: Get Scoop on Must-Watch Shows
May is a solid month for Hulu, with a number of great movies and TV series coming to the streaming service.
TV highlights include Season 4B of History's Vikings, Season 2 of WGN America's Underground and Season 3 of Hulu's own dramedy Casual. If you have a Showtime subscription, new episodes of Twin Peaks will be available as well.
Movies include Eddie Murphy '80s flicks 48 Hrs. and Coming to America, the Clint Eastwood classic A Fistful of Dollars and the underrated Spike Lee joint They Got Game with Denzel Washington.
Movies leaving the service include Hostel, Up In the Air and Sister Act 1 and 2.
The full list is below.
Note: Titles with an * are available with a Showtime subscription.
Vikings
WHAT'S COMING
Available May 1
Line of Duty (Season 4)
South Park en Español (Season 20)
48 Hrs.
Another 48 Hrs.
Arrowhead
A View to a Kill
The Bad News Bears
Bad Influence
Bait Shop
Barbershop
Barbershop 2: Back in Business
Beauty Shop
Big Fish
Cabin Fever
Cabin Fever 2
Catacombs
Cecil B. Demented
Chuck & Buck
Clue
Coming to America
Dark Blue
The Doors
Dr. No
Fatal Instinct
For Your Eyes Only
Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home
Free Willy 3: The Rescue
From Russia with Love
Gladiator
Goldeneye
Law of the Lawless
License to Kill
Life is Beautiful
Maximum Security
Monkey Shines: An Experiment in Fear
Moonraker
Naked Gun 2 & ½: The Smell of Fear
Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult
Naked Gun from the Flies of Police Squad
Nick of Time
No Way Out
On Them Majesty's Secret Service
Planes, Trains and Automobiles
Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown
Repo! The Genetic Opera
School Ties
Small Soldiers
Star Kid
Sucker Punch
Thunderball
Tomorrow Never Dies
Winter's Bone
May 2
Vikings (Season 4B)
Jackson*
Bodyguards: Secret Lives of the Watchtower Men
May 3
Outsiders (Season 2)
May 4
A Fistful of Dollars
May 5
Flubber
The Recruit
What About Bob?
May 6
Batman & Bill (Hulu Original)
Hardcore Henry*
The Red Pill
May 7
Billions Season 2 Finale*
May 9
All We Had
May 12
A Hologram for the King
Extraterrestrial
May 13
Bad Moms*
Me Before You
May 14
Blue Caprice
May 15
The Next Step (Seasons 3&4)
They Got Game
May 18
Downward Dog (Series Premiere)
Underground (Season 2)
May 19
The Last Ship (Season 3)
Before I Disappear
May 20
Becoming Bond (Hulu Original)
Bakery in Brooklyn
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows
May 21
Twin Peaks Season 3 Premiere*
Firestorm
May 23
Casual Season 3 Premiere (Hulu Original)
May 28
American Muscle
A Perfect Man
The Duel
May 30
Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll (Season 2)
WHAT'S LEAVING
May 31
A Simple Plan
Battle Ground
The Big Kahuna
Curse of the Zodiac
Care Bears Movie
Dangerous Curves
Eight Below
Gang Related
Ides of March
Hostel
Hostel: Part 2
The Hours
Judgement Day
King of the Mountain
Kiss the Bride
Man in the Moon
The Phantom of the Opera
Sister Act
Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit
Up in the Air
Rome, December 11 - Snow, rain and high winds hit road and rail links in Italy with the centre and north most affected Monday. Train traffic was disrupted in Piedmont because of snow and rain, while there was a risk of avalanches in Trentino, 150km winds near La Spezia, and ferry links suspended to and from many islands. Rivers were also being watched for the risk of breaking their banks. One river, the Entella, did break its banks near Chiavari in Liguria because of the high levels of its tributaries, local sources said. "The situation is more critical in Liguria and Piedmont," said rail network company RFI. In the northern Piedmont city of Alessandria and the surrounding area, schools were ordered closed because of ice and snow. Near the Ligurian seaside resort of Sanremo, several families were evacuated because of the risk of an avalanche or a mudslide. In the Ligurian valley of Val D'Aveto, gales measuring 165 km/h swept down tree branches. A car that skidded off the road and into a stream in the Apennine foothills near Bologna was recovered by divers late Monday afternoon. No one was hurt. In Veneto to the northeast, many mountain passes were closed because of the risk of avalanches. In Val d'Aosta to the far northwest, Christmas markets were closed Monday and will reopen Tuesday. Road advice agency Viabilitia Italia said they were warning drivers not to embark on trips into Switzerland. In Tuscany, a "prolonged" red alert over ice and snow was issued. Most flights out of Florence Airport were cancelled because of high winds. In Marche, strong winds and icy gales blew trees and branches onto roads but no one was hurt. In Rome, trees and branches also fell down and the fire brigade was called in to make 130 interventions. In Trieste, in far northeastern Italy, a wall collapsed, crushing cars, but no one was hurt. There was flooding and damage to electrical power networks in southern Campania and near Isernia. "The situation is complicated, patience is needed," said Transport Minister Graziano Delrio. Delrio spoke of the risk of ice forming on rail transport wires and lines, stopping traffic. "New technologies always improve the performance of the lines and the tracks," they said. "Therefore, it is clear that with new technologies and more investments they are making in in modernisation, it will be increasingly easy to tackle this problem," said the transport minister. "The investments of (rail network company) RFI in the last three years amount o around 30 billion euros which we have at our disposal. "Over the previous three years they were six billion, and this shows the effort they are making to modernise the network, a very important effort," said Delrio.
Smart cities? To anyone stuck in an overcrowded, traffic-clogged, polluted British city, they sound a great idea. The name itself speaks of efficiency, speed, cleanliness and a number of things.
Those of a certain age will remember a TV ad of the 80s that promoted the benefits of living in Milton Keynes, making it look like some idyllic semi-rural paradise. Indeed Milton Keynes used to be presented as a sort of ideal for how cities should be but, as anyone who's been to Milton Keynes knows, the reality is very different.
But that's not to knock the idea of smart cities – everyone has a vested interest in making cities run better, for traffic to move faster, for citizens to be more connected.
There were two initiatives this week that demonstrated that the concept of smart cities hasn't been completely forgotten.
First of all was the Smart City Expo World Congress, an event held in Barcelona that highlighted some of the possibilities. Not all of them were mobile or wireless based – there were presentations on concepts such as e-voting and other elements of citizen participation – but there was plenty of interest in technologies such as IoT and connected vehicles.
Particularly, noteworthy was the pledge by Cisco to invest $1 billion in a new program for smart cities. Tying up with two financial institutions, the aim of this was to ensure that a lack of funds wasn't a stumbling block for future urban developments. “Funding is a major stumbling block for municipalities beginning their smart city transformation,” said Anil Menon, global president of Cisco's Smart+Connected Communities. “With our partners, Cisco will bring the capital and expertise it takes to make smart city projects a reality.”
The type of project that Cisco is talking about include schemes to reduce energy usage or better parking and public transport initiatives, the scheme could be used for creating revenue sharing opportunities, meaning that some initiatives that had previously thought to be uneconomic could now get the go-ahead.
The second event that put smart cities back on the map was the budget speech from Philip Hammond. It's true that they didn't actually use the phrase itself but the whole speech smacked of ways to transform urban living. Much attention was given to their desire to get more driverless cars on the road by 2021, the technology being seen as key to their vision of the future. “There is perhaps no technology as symbolic of the revolution gathering pace around us as driverless vehicles,” they said ... before putting their money where their mouth was.
But that wasn't all: the £1.7 billion for the Transforming Cities Project will also help improve the lot of city dwellers and, underlying it all, was the promise of the additional funds for 5G – because how can we have smart cities without connected cities?
And that's the main problem with the whole smart city concept. It's a great idea in theory but, to work properly, it needs the basic infrastructure. It needs 4G for a start – with the move to 5G round the corner, it needs city centre wi-fi so that projects based around IoT can really benefit. As Cisco intimated with the introduction of its smart cities fund, it's not really the technology that's lacking,it's the funds to change the world.
MK: Smart
And what of Milton Keynes, that vision for the future for urban living? Milton Keynes is actually one of the closest examples of a smart city that we have in the UK. Its MK:Smart project, a three-year initiative that looked at ways in which technology could be used to improve the city came to an end this summer, with no clear idea what the future will hold.
There have been some exciting initiatives: a wireless-based scheme to improve parking and a driverless pod project. But there's plenty more that can be done.
Recently, the MK:Smart head Geoff Sneldon decried the disconnect between technology and finance. In an interview with Public Technology, they said “The smart-city movement is going through a testing, searching time. There are exciting use cases, but not too many strong, tangible benefits,”. All the big vendors are going round asking why people aren't buying their products, and we are saying: ‘when can it be demonstrated [at scale]?' Everyone knows it could be great – but I cannot buy a promise. I can enter into a conversation that can explore something but, if I want to commit public money, I need a decent prospect of return.”
For all Hammond's talk of an exciting period, this is the issue that lies at the heart of many of the smart city initiatives. For us to see a real period of transformation, it's not a question of a few million here and a few million there, it needs some innovative thinking to work out ways in which ground-breaking initiatives are funded. And that means communication between the mobile operators, the software companies, the banks, local authorities and national government – that's an uneasy collection of different interests but it's what needed if we really want to be smart.
A Seattle man enrolled in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program was arrested last week by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents in what their attorney believes is the first detainment of this nature since President Trump took office in January, Reuters reports.
DACA was started in 2012 by former President Barack Obama, and grants recipients temporary permission to live and work legally in the United States, protecting 750,000 undocumented people brought to the U.S. as children. Daniel Ramirez Medina, 23, came to the U.S. from Mexico in 2001 when they were seven, court documents say, and in 2013, they received a DACA card. In 2016, they were found not to be a threat to public safety, and their card was renewed.
Reuters reports that Ramirez Medina was sleeping at their father's house when ICE officers came in to arrest their dad; court documents do not make it clear why they were taken into custody. Officers allegedly asked Ramirez Medina if they were in the United States legally, and despite telling them about their DACA card, they were also arrested. While at the processing center in Seattle, Ramirez Medina said they told another officer about their card, and they were told it didn't matter because "you weren't born in this country," Reuters reports.
Ramirez Medina, who has no criminal record and is the father of a three-year-old son, has filed a lawsuit seeking immediate release and an injunction forbidding the government from arresting them again, and has a hearing scheduled for Friday. Their attorney said they are "hoping this detention was a mistake," and has not heard of any other DACA recipients being arrested. Trump said last month they were working on a policy to deal with DACA, and said while "they are here illegally," people "shouldn't be very worried. I do have a big heart." Catherine Garcia
King Khan and ace director Karan Johar share an extremely warm equation is no news.
The two have delivered consecutive hits and remain on family terms.
Recently, news of Shah Rukh Khan's son Aryan's debut with Saif Ali Khan's daughter Sara took the internet by storm. However, K Jo has revealed that the star child will not be making their debut for the next four years or so, according to India Today.
“Aryan is my godchild. Currently, they are in Los Angeles and they have four years of university ahead of him. When they come back, they are going to decide if they want to be in the movies. And if they do, of course, I will be a big part of it as a director or just as a guiding support. For me, Aryan being launched is like my son being launched. I will be the hyper relative breathing down their neck,” Karan said.
The Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham director revealed that they felt no less than a possessive parent for Aryan. “I have held Aryan in my arms when they were six months old and walked around the streets of London. Now they are a grown up, good looking boy all set to face the world. I feel so proud,” they said.
“Of course, I track them all the time. When I see any images of them online, they get messages from me in the middle of the night. I feel like a possessive parent who wants to know exactly what they are up to,” Karan said.
Karan, who is known to launch the star kids, told Hindustan Times, “Shah Rukh is beyond family to me. In fact, my equation with them has moved from them to their kids now. I always tell him, I am going to maintain my youth quotient only because I want to launch Aryan. No one else can launch Aryan but me.'”
House of the Week: $2.3 million for a newly built modern home in Humewood
House of the Week: $2.3 million for a newly built modern home in Humewood
Address: 301 Wychwood Avenue
Neighbourhood: Humewood
Agents: Valerie Benchitrit and Josie Stern, Sutton Group-Associates Realty Inc. Brokerage
Price: $2,320,000
Previously sold for: $1,000,000, in 2016, prior to a rebuild
The place
A modern new-build with huge windows, located just south of the Cedarvale ravine.
The history
The sellers finished construction last month. The new home has a floating staircase and floor-to-ceiling windows on both floors.
The front of the house has a huge transom window, which allows in a bit of extra light:
Here's the dining area:
The family room has a fireplace:
There are five bedrooms. Here's one of them:
And another:
This bedroom has a dressing area and a large ensuite bathroom:
Here's the dressing area:
And the ensuite:
Big selling point
The sellers didn't skimp on the marble: the downstairs fireplace, kitchen backsplash and island are all covered with the stuff:
Possible dealbreaker
Two of the bedrooms are on the smaller side, and the one in the basement is particularly skinny, at just over two metres wide. The rest of the bedrooms have plenty of space, though.
By the numbers
• $2,750,000
• $3,850.78 in taxes (2017)
• 2,604 square feet
• 1,040-square-foot lower level
• 23-by-130-foot lot
• 5 bedrooms
• 5 bathrooms
• 2 parking spaces
They were married to one of the most beloved artists in history. Priscilla Presley stopped by to share details on their latest project 'Elvis & Me: An Evening with Priscilla Presley."Priscilla also released a children's book called "Love Me Tender" and narrated the HBO documentary "Elvis Presley: The Searcher" airing April 14.Elvis & Me: An Evening with Priscilla Presley, is a moderated conversation with Priscilla about their life, some of which includes their time with Elvis. Having heard so many inaccuracies about their life, they felt this live format was an opportunity for them to tell their truth and dispel the myths and rumors that have been put out there over the years. Audience members who attend the show also have an opportunity to ask them questions.Priscilla Presley has many stories to tell. They reveal them and more in Elvis and Me, an intimate presentation that gives fans a rare look into their life with the King of Rock 'n' Roll. Go behind the scenes and learn about:- Their courtship when they were barely a teenager.- Their marriage and life behind the gates of Graceland.- How they raised their daughter Lisa Marie in the age of tabloid news.- How they coped with Elvis' passing over 40 years ago.She'll share personal photos, touching home movies and film clips that will entertain, intrigue and surprise. Plus, she'll hold a Q&A session diehard fans won't want to miss.She'll also reveal stories about their own successes - starring on TV's Dallas, reprising their role on the Naked Gun movies and guest appearances on Melrose Place and Spin City. Plus, she'll talk about being co-founder and former chairperson of Elvis Presley Enterprises, the company that turned Graceland into one of the country's top tourist attractionsFriday, February 2, 2018 8:00 PM at the Genesee Theatre in Waukegan.Ticket info: http://geneseetheatre.box-officetickets.com/E/e-2525042/v-3621
BEDFORD COUNTY, Va. - It's called 'code red.' It means the Bedford County Animal Shelter is full, at the highest level it's been at in three years. It also means the time for euthanizing animals is not far away.
"This is the first and most urgent time that we've had so far. If animals aren't adopted, there would be no choice but euthanasia," said Stacy Epperson, president of the Friends of Bedford County Animal Shelter.
The shelter is doing everything it can to clear kennels, but it's been a battle.
"We've been sending them to volunteers' homes and boarding them at Riverside Veterinary Hospital just to make room so they don't have to euthanize at the shelter," said Epperson.
Staff said the shelter is having crowded because it has taken in a lot of dogs from court cases and a lot of strays.
"If they're strays or court cases, they have to be here so we have to be open to them. The adoptable animals and the 'owner sign over' animals are the ones that suffer the consequences," said Jackie Miller, senior shelter operator at Bedford County Animal Shelter.
The shelter is pleading with anyone serious about adopting to stop by and save a life.
"Just wonderful dogs with wonderful personalities that deserve a second chance," said Epperson.
"Not just to come out and adopt an animal to save a life, but to have a partner," said Miller.
To learn more about the shelter and how you can adopt an animal, click here.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
The nationwide reckoning with sexual harassment in Hollywood reached the celebrity chef circuit today, as reports surfaced that Mario Batali will leave ABC's The Chew amid allegations of sexual misconduct.
According to a report from TV Line, four women have come forward to accuse the restaurateur and cooking show regular of inappropriate touching over the course of twenty years — which Batali does not deny. In a response to Eater, which broke the story, they confirmed a history of boorish behavior, with the caveat that they do not know who has accused him.
"Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted," Batali said. "That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses."
The misconduct allegations are apparently unrelated to Batali's current gig with ABC, where they have hosted The Chew since 2011. However, ABC has asked the chef to step away pending an investigation.
In the meantime, an ominous tweet from Anthony Bourdain this morning offers a hint at how the news is being received in the world of foodie media.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City could make a swoop for Andres Iniesta this summer as Pep Guardiola ponders a reunion with the legendary midfielder.
That is according to Spanish outlet AS, who say Arsenal could also make a move for the playmaker should Luis Enrique succeed Arsene Wenger in the Emirates dugout.
The other option for Iniesta, if they leaf the Nou Camp, is a money-spinning transfer to the Chinese Super League, while PSG could also offer the Spaniard a lucrative swansong.
Barça will allow Iniesta to leave the club when they want and on their own terms given their iconic career with the Blaugrana.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Top stories from the Daily Mirror
Arsenal believe Barcelona connection has them in place to land Luis Enrique
Pep Guardiola eyeing defensive starlet to add to Man City's Brazilian connection
Tottenham strike starlet Reo Griffiths targeted by RB Leipzig as contract impasse continues - all after four-goal haul against Arsenal
David de Gea says Manchester United must be more consistent if they are to challenge for the title next season
(Image: PA)
Gareth Southgate to consider Wolves captain Conor Coady for England spot - if they impress in Premier League
Everton's £25million defender Michael Keane credits under-fire Sam Allardyce with their Goodison revival
Top stories form other papers and websites
Manchester United have stepped up their interest in Danny Rose (Guardian)
Arsenal join race for RB Leipzig winger Emil Forsberg (Bild)
Liverpool are chasing Championship duo James Maddison and Ryan Sessegnon (Express)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West End star Samira Mighty says they keep getting hurt by guys on dating apps and hopes Love Island will find them a long term relationship.
The 22-year-old, who has performed in Mamma Mia and Dreamgirls, says their job has previously caused problems for them dating.
Samira does not want to date another dancer and would prefer to meet someone they wouldn't normally interact with in their day-to-day life.
They said: "In the West End working you don't get much time to date because you are out there working in the evening and you are tired and you meet normal people and I sleep during the day and then they say 'shall I see you after work?'.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
"I have been on Bumble and met a few guys but I find they just want to hook up. It is nice to hook up but what if you really like them. You can get hurt."
Despite looking for love, Samira thinks it is unlikely they will have sex on the show.
They also revealed that their dad jokingly claimed they were going to grow a beard and change theirs name.
(Image: ITV Picture Desk)
They said: “I don't think I will have sex on TV because in my head I know my grandma is watching and I do not want them to see it.
"I understand people say they got caught up in the moment and it will be hard sleeping in a bed with someone who is super hot but hopefully I will try not to because my gran will be watching.
"My mum will be watching and they haven't watched before. I told my parents they might see something they might not want to see or hear secrets about me and that is when to turn to Corrie!"
*Love Island starts on Monday on ITV2 at 9pm
The Thomas Fire, which erupted in Ventura County last week and has been raging across the unfortunately-dry-and-windy California landscape, is now larger than the entirety of New York City and only 15 percent contained, according to the fire protection agency CAL FIRE.
Rather than waiting for the last embers to go out, Ventura surfers led by surf clothing brand Iron & Resin founder Thom Hill have already started a guerilla relief campaign, raising money, organizing volunteers and delivering supplies to affected people in the area.
According to Hill's GoFundMe campaign:
“Almost all of us at Iron & Resin were personally affected in some way by the fires, but fortunately none of us lost our homes. Many in our community have not been so fortunate. We've had so many people reach out to us with a desire to help. So we decided to do something about it. Having a large social and professional network to activate and coordinate relief efforts as well as local facilities, we're in a position to provide aide to those most affected. We're coordinating a relief effort called Help California (#helpcalifornia) to bring aid and relief to those families who have lost their homes and are faced with the monumental task of picking up the pieces of their lives. We already have volunteers in the field canvassing the areas that have been hit the hardest by this fire, assessing the needs of those families, to determine what items or services we can provide to give them even the smallest amount of relief. We're in the process of setting up a distribution center and temporary command post at The Iron & Resin Garage in Ventura, where people will be able to pick up tools, supplies and basic necessities. We'll also be stocking the Iron & Resin trailer with supplies and setting up temporary outpost locations to distribute relief items. We're looking for brands or retailers who are willing to donate some of these items, while also raising funds to purchase what we can't get through donations and to be able to help provide families meet their basic needs. There are a number of ways you can help. The easiest is to simply donate money. Any amount helps. We'll be updating this site daily with how the funds are being used and sharing the stories of those families it is helping. If you're a brand, retailer or equipment rental service, we're also looking for donations of new (unused) goods and supplies, as well as demolition equipment and tools. BELOW IS A LIVE FEED OF CURRENTLY NEEDED ITEMS:
– Carpentry tools
– Impact power drills
– Generators and/or power stations
– Protective gear – eyewear, suits and boots
– Gasoline / Diesel – full cans for generators
– Demo tools – shovels, sledge hammers, contractor bags, hammers, chain saws
– Fire Extinguishers
– Man Power We'll be updating this list daily, as our field teams come back with other needs. Please bring items between 11a – 7p to Iron & Resin in downtown Ventura @ 324 E Main St, Ventura, CA 93001. Finally, we'd love to have you join us and volunteer. We'll need help sorting and distributing relief items, canvassing affected neighborhoods to assess needs and assisting families with cleanup and recovery efforts. If you'd like to volunteer please contact Taylor@ironandresin.com”
For more information on how you can help in the relief effort, go to https://www.gofundme.com/iron-resin-relief-california.
[Top image: A Ventura beach break framed by clouds of smoke from the nearby fire. Photo by Gordon]
Wyoming inmate, 51, dies after lengthy illness
TORRINGTON, Wyo. (AP) — A 51-year-old Wyoming inmate has died after a lengthy illness.
The Wyoming Department of Corrections says Frank Eugene Villarreal died Sunday at a medium correctional facility in Torrington. They were sentenced out of Carbon County in August 2016 and was serving a four- to eight-year term for aggravated assault and battery. They also had four remaining drug-related sentences to serve.
Prison officials did not release any other information about Villarreal's illness. An autopsy has been ordered.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England boss Gareth Southgate admits they will consider Wolves captain Conor Coady for a full international call-up next term.
Defender Coady has skippered Wolves to the Championship title this term after a fine season at centre-half under Nuno Espirito Santo.
The ex-Liverpool trainee, 25, who joined Wolves in 2015 from Huddersfield, has thrived as a ball-playing stopper in the middle of a three-man defence.
Former Three Lions U21 boss Southgate says they know Coady from the defender's time playing for England from U16s-U20s.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Southgate admitted: “All the signs this year have been really good for him. I met Conor a number of times before I was working with the under-21s.
“I was head of elite development and Conor was part of our junior teams and I remember when they were at Liverpool they won an award.
(Image: PA)
(Image: 2018 Getty Images)
“His personality and their character is outstanding.
"He is certainly someone that, mentality-wise, fits into the way we like to work.
“The challenge now for them is to step up to the Premier League and to be able to continue to play as they have for Wolves this year at the next level.”
New Delhi: Despite the absence of a global Earth-like magnetic dipole on Mars, a study has found that the Martian atmosphere is well protected from the effects of the solar wind on ion escape from the planet.
Mars, at present, is a cold and dry planet with less than one percent of Earth's atmospheric pressure at the surface.
Many geological features, however, indicate that the planet had an active hydrological cycle about three to four billion years ago, said researchers from Swedish Institute of Space Physics.
An active hydrological cycle would have required a warmer climate in the planets early history and therefore a thicker atmosphere, one capable of creating a strong greenhouse effect.
A common hypothesis maintains that the solar wind over time has eroded the early martian atmosphere, causing the greenhouse effect, and thus the hydrological cycle, to collapse.
Unlike Earth, Mars has no global magnetic dipole, but the solar wind instead induces currents in the ionised upper atmosphere (the ionosphere), creating an induced magnetosphere.
"It has long been thought that this induced magnetosphere is insufficient to protect the martian atmosphere," said Robin Ramstad, from Swedish Institute of Space Physics and Umee University, Sweden.
"However, our measurements show something different," said Ramstad.
The Swedish-led ion mass analyser on Mars Express spacecraft has been measuring the ion escape from Mars since 2004.
In their research, Ramstad combined and compared measurements of the ion escape under varying solar wind conditions and levels of ionising solar radiation, so-called extreme ultraviolet (EUV) radiation.
The results show that the solar wind has a comparatively small effect on the ion escape rate, which instead mainly depends on the EUV radiation.
This has a large effect on estimations of the total amount of atmosphere that has escaped to space.
"Despite stronger solar wind and EUV-radiation levels under the early Sun, ion escape can not explain more than 0.006 bar of atmospheric pressure lost over the course of 3.9 billion years," said Ramstad.
"Even our upper estimate, 0.01 bar, is an insignificant amount in comparison to the atmosphere required to maintain a sufficiently strong greenhouse effect, about 1 bar or more according to climate models," they said.
(With PTI inputs)
