TOKYO — An American soldier who deserted to North Korea in one of the strangest dramas of the Cold War has died in Japan. They were 77.
Charles Robert Jenkins was a 24-year-old army sergeant nicknamed "Scooter" when they disappeared while on patrol near the Demilitarized Zone dividing North and South Korea in January 1965.
Charles Jenkins in 2004. Toshiyuki Aizawa / Reuters file
At an emotional court martial in Japan in 2004, Jenkins — who didn't attend high school — said they deserted to avoid hazardous duty in South Korea and escape combat in Vietnam.
"It was Christmas time, it was also cold and dark. I started to drink alcohol. I never had drunk so much alcohol," they said, choking back sobs.
They drank 10 beers, took their men on patrol and told them to wait while they checked the road below. They then walked towards North Korea, holding a rifle with a white T-shirt tied around it. They said they had planned to go to Russia and turn themselves in, and had not expected North Korea to keep him.
While in North Korea, Jenkins taught English to soldiers and portrayed an evil U.S. spy in a propaganda film.
They also met and married Hitomi Soga, a Japanese woman 20 years their junior who had been kidnapped by Pyongyang to help train spies in 1978.
Fear for their safety and the family they built with Soga made it impossible to refuse any demands made on him, Jenkins said.
The couple had two daughters, Mika and Blinda. Their wife was allowed to visit Japan in 2002 and stayed. Jenkins and their daughters followed in 2004.
Related: Family of girl abducted by N. Korea hopes Trump can win their return
Once in Japan, Jenkins in 2004 was subject to the U.S. court martial.
Jenkins, who is originally from Rich Square, N.C., pleaded guilty to desertion and aiding the enemy and was dishonorably discharged and sentenced to 25 days in a U.S. military jail in Japan.
Jenkins and their family lived in Soga's hometown of Sado, where they were a popular worker at a local souvenir shop and could often be seen posing in photos with visiting tourists.
Jenkins was found collapsed outside their home in Sado, northern Japan, on Monday and rushed to a hospital and later pronounced dead, a group representing families of Japanese abductees to North Koreas said Tuesday.
A local official in Sado confirmed Jenkins' death to NBC News.
An American college student who vanished over the weekend in Bermuda was found dead on Monday, authorities said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Missing college student found dead in Bermuda 1:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
James Howard, acting assistant commissioner of the Bermuda Police Service, told reporters that the body of 19-year-old Mark Dombroski was found in a moat roughly one mile from the restaurant and bar where relatives last saw them just after midnight on Sunday.
A first-year student, Dombroski had been in Bermuda to compete in an international rugby tournament on Thursday with St. Joseph's, a Jesuit university in suburban Philadelphia. They were scheduled to return home on Sunday.
“Foul play is not ruled out right now,” Howard said, adding that forensic specialists were still examining the scene and the body.
Surveillance footage captured Dombroski walking on a street a half-mile from the Dog House, a bar where they were last seen. It was roughly an hour after he'd left, and they were alone and talking on a cell phone, the police service said in a separate statement.
Mark Dombroski via Bermuda Police Service
\
After a relative reported Dombroski missing at 9:39 a.m. local time (8:39 a.m. ET) Sunday morning, a team of 21 police officers and 15 military personnel conducted a grid search in a residential area east of the Dog House, Howard said.
A police sergeant found the teen's body, Howard said.
“We continue to appeal for witnesses and anyone with information on the last known whereabouts of 19-year-old Mark Dombroski,” Howard said.
After Sunday's mass shooting, businesses in Las Vegas are stepping up to offer meals and accommodations to victims, their friends and family, and first responders — all on the house.
MGM, the Palms and many other hotels and casinos are offering free rooms for victims, with some extending the offer to friends and family who have traveled to Las Vegas to help; Uber and Lyft are providing free rides to and from nearby hospitals and blood donation centers; daycare facilities are giving their employees time off and giving their teachers training on how to talk to children about the tragedy; and wily locals have even banded together to figure out ways to help the victims.
Healthcare workers from UMC Hospital in Las Vegas line up for free food on Oct. 3, 2017. Gregory Bull / AP
Vegas food writer and stand-up comedian Jason Harris is just one local who has rallied businesses to help out: Their informal food program, The First Food Responders, delivers food and meals from over a dozen different top-notch restaurants to victims, hospitals and first responders. Harris estimates they're doing about 1,000 free meals a day.
Harris was on the famed Strip when the shooting started — and two of their friends were hit. As the numbness and shock faded they started looking for a way to help.
Photos Capture Chaos of Concert Massacre
“Everyone is just using their strengths; my strengths are I know a lot of these chefs and restaurants and I just started to put it together,” Harris told NBC News. They get a call on their cellphone of another hungry place and taps into their network to order up hot meals and sandwiches and get them delivered.
“If X group needs Y food at what hour,” he's there, Harris said. Their group has coordinated donations from Aureole, Delmonico Steakhouse, Metro Pizza, Momofuku and more, along with nearly the entire local food truck community to bring food and lift spirits.
Related: A Surreal Air Settles on the Las Vegas Strip
The famously hospitable Vegas entertainment industry is also assisting, in its own way. The Nevada brothel Moonlite BunnyRanch has pledged to keep its doors open. Owner Dennis Hof said in a statement, “The working girls will be there to lend compassion and tenderness to the men and women that need it during this sorrowful time.”
For those in more need of traditional grief management, several therapy and crisis centers said they would be offering free mental and financial counseling to those affected.
Amazon's Alexa has 523,902 skills (more or less), and some of those include games. There are choose-your-own adventures, trivia, and kid-centric options, as well as official or knock-off versions of TV favorites.
Because many of them were developed when only the Echo and Dot were around, they often don't require a screen, though some have now added features a screen for the Show. Others require the new Echo Buttons, which let you buzz in for more competitive games.
Many of the games work better if you have a piece of paper and pencil to jot down notes. Almost all of them require some patience, as they can be glitchy or Alexa can misunderstand your response. These games probably won't replace your shelf full of board games, but they can help kill 10 to 20 minutes, get kids off the couch, or assist you in getting tipsy.
Magic Door If you've never played a choose-your-own adventure game with your smart speaker, you might want to start here, as it can be hard to go back to Alexa's somewhat emotionless voice after listening to a game with actual voice actors (which we'll get to later). In this game, you get a monotone Alexa saying things like, “Oh, my, I'm really scared now,” in the exact same tone they reply that she's turned your lights off. Still, it's a good game for beginners. To start, Alexa will ask if you want to explore the mountains, sea, or forest. Each will send you on a magical quest along a path strewn with magical objects, talking creatures, and occasionally creepy sounds. For some reason, you need to turn on notifications to enable this skill. Rated: Parental guidance suggested
Earplay Earplay has more stories you influence with your choices. In the demo, a woman sits at your table in a restaurant and asks you to pretend you know them Every choice you make, from playing along with their ruse to rummaging through their purse, will have consequences. Earplay's secret agent story, Codename Cygnus, is for some reason a separate skill you have to enable. Thus far, it's one of two story options available. Rated: Mature
The Wayne Investigation When this story opens, it's shortly after the murder of Thomas and Martha Wayne. As a Gotham detective on the case, the clues you focus on will direct the course of the investigation. Sometimes you'll be able to fix your mistakes, but some choices are irrevocable. The game is an odd mix of noirish music, sound effects, voice actors, and Alexa. They prompt you to make your choices but also chimes in in their dry voice to tell you when you chose poorly. “Maybe you're not cut out for this line of work. Haha,” they say in a jarringly different tone than the rest of the game. It may have been designed as a promotion for Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, but it's still pretty fun. Rated: Parental guidance suggested
RuneScape Quests: One Piercing Note RuneScape is an online RPG, but you don't have to know anything about the game's fantastical medieval world to play One Piercing Note. As an adventurer, you're tasked with solving the mystery of the abbey. It's a bit like The Name of the Rose, only it's dead nuns instead of murdered monks. Unlike The Wayne Investigation, this quest is Alexa-free, helping to keep you in the atmosphere of the secluded abbey, which may or may not contain a demon. Fair warning: Some of the details are pretty gruesome. Rated: Parental guidance suggested
Bosch: A Detective's Case In this quick little mystery, you play an LAPD detective on the hunt for a missing woman. It seems practically impossible to permanently mess up this case, as it lets you rewind when your choice leads you to a dead end. It took us a fast but entertaining 15 minutes to solve the case. Rated: Mature
Escape the Room Escape games are all the rage, so it's not surprising one exists in an Alexa-compatible format. It's not quite a choose-your-own-adventure game, but more of a verbal hidden object plus puzzle game. A smart speaker may not be the best format for this, so be prepared for some repetition. There are only a few simple commands to control most of your movement, so if you want to look at objects on a shelf, you have to first be looking at the shelf. If you're looking at the door and say, “Look at the shelf,” Alexa will tell you there's no shelf to look at. For some reason, they also had some trouble understanding us in general. We said bucket, not buffet! Despite the difficulties, it's still a unique game for the platform and will take longer than some of the others on the list. Rated: Parental guidance suggested
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Diamondbacks Baseball and Cardinals Football
Tonight is the first game of the Dbacks Dodgers, and I am pumped. Baseball is going on all day today, and the good news is that the Dbacks play late, so you don't have to call in sick to catch the game.
I mean, unless you want to. Kershaw will be up against Taijuan Walker who is not the matchup the Dbacks were hoping for, but they had to use Robbie Ray in relief against the Rockies. To be fair, this matchup is more about Kershaw than it is anyone.
If they dominate, then it doesn't matter if it is Ray or Greinke for that matter, the Dbacks are in trouble. But Kershaw is 4–7 in the playoffs with a 4.55 ERA. That is much higher than their 2.31 ERA that they had in the regular season in 2017.
If the Dbacks can get to Kershaw early, anything can happen.
Playoff baseball is in full swing, and I can not wait to watch this series unfolds.
The Arizona Cardinals are going to the Philly for a dreaded 10 am start on the east coast. The Cardinals have never played well in that time zone, and I don't expect them to play well Sunday. The Eagles D-line is elite, and Arizona's O-line is trash. Humphries will still be out, but we may be able to get Alex Boone back which will help some but not much.
I expect an ugly sloppy game. The Cards have a chance if they play in hurry-up mode all game and wear down the front seven of the Eagles. This is a double edge sword, however. If you go fast and don't pick up first downs, you put your defense right back on the field and we get tired. I don't have high hopes for this week.
Sage Academy provides free breakfast and lunch to all students and offers very affordable before and aftercare. If your student is looking for a change, Sage Academy is an excellent choice.
For more follow me on Twitter @lennyletcher. This segment is sponsored by Host Boogie. Now you know where to start if you have an idea for a website, company or a blog come party with us at HostBoogie.com
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — Virginia knows Duke quarterback Daniel Jones is a different — and more improved — player than they were a year ago.
Jones was just a first-year student last season when Virginia travelled to Duke, and the Cavaliers' plan to pressure and rattle the young quarterback worked. They threw five interceptions and fumbled the ball away once, and in a season when the Cavalier won just one other game, they rolled over the Blue Devils, 34-20.
“Last year they were young but he's gotten a lot of experience,” defensive end Juwan Moye said this week. “He likes to run a lot. He's really confident in their game. He's a solid piece. Like last year we knew that if we got to them we could own the game. I think we're going to have the same game plan, but he's going to be a lot tougher.”
The Cavaliers (3-1, 0-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) look to be as well. They are off to their best start after four games in a decade, but have no expectations that it will be an easy game against Duke (4-1, 1-1) on Saturday.
Jones has 172 rushing yards, third on the Blue Devils, and has run for three touchdowns.
But Virginia is feeling better about itself than it has in quite some time. The Cavaliers are coming off a 42-23 victory at Boise State two weeks ago — the Broncos' worst home loss in 16 years — and had last weekend off.
Their play has gotten the attention of coach David Cutcliffe and their players.
“We have reason to prepare well, because they're a solid football team with a quarterback playing well,” Curcliffe said, speaking of Kurt Benkert. “They've got a running game, they've got skill people. … They're very systematic, do a good job of it. Defensively, they are as consistent with their system as anybody we will play.”
As for Jones, Cutcliffe's approach is pretty much that that was last year.
“You know they know in their mind what happened and they want to prove themselves and play better,” they said. “What Daniel's got to do is make sure the people around them are in position to make plays and just do what they do best.”
——
Here are some other things to watch when Duke visits Virginia:
MOMENTUM KILLER? Virginia coach Bronco Mendenhall would have preferred not to have an open week after the victory at Boise State. But in an effort to keep the Cavaliers focused, they had them working in pads all last week like it was the preseason rather than allowing them to bask in the victory. “I think we're doing well. I think our coaches are doing well too, making sure that we're grinding every day,” Benkert said.
JONES KEEPING UP: Since their six-turnover debacle last year, Jones has impressed opposing coaches with their toughness and their efficiency. In 12 games since, he's thrown just four interceptions with 15 touchdowns passes.
HOME SUPPORT: It might be a bit early for Virginia's players to start looking for fans to start piling on the bandwagon, but they said this week they notice the empty seats while also saying they have felt a buzz around campus. Still, They have drawn fewer than 40,000 to a 61,500-seat stadium in each of their first three games.
STOP THE BIG PLAYS: Duke's improved defence has allowed seven touchdowns of at least 40 yards, and has given up at least one of them in four of five games. Three came against Baylor and two against North Carolina. Safety Alonzo Saxton II called it “kind of the recurring theme” and added that “it's hard to stay focused on every play throughout the whole game and not lose your eyes one time or miss an assignment there, but that's still what we're trying to work towards is perfection on every play.”
JUST FOR KICKS: If the game comes down to a field goal, significant advantage Duke. Austin Parker has made nine of 11 tries, with a long of 45. Virginia A.J. Mejia is 2 for 3 with theirs longest coming from 28 yards.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Hank on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/hankkurzjr
Image copyright Duvernay-Tardif / Twitter
Whoever came up with the phrase "dumb jock" clearly has never met Kansas City Chiefs lineman Laurent Duvernay-Tardif.
The Canadian professional football player graduated from McGill University medical school on Tuesday.
The 27-year-old studied in the off-season for the past four years, since being drafted to the Chiefs in 2014.
 They are the first active player in the National Football League (NFL) to have a medical degree, and they hope some day to work in emergency medicine.
"It's the first time that I'm actually really, really proud of myself," they told CTV News.
"Football is an awesome opportunity in the sense that not everyone can play football and live off of that, but being a doctor is more than that."
You get to treat people, you get to change them and you get to have an opinion that people respect, and it's an honour to be a part of that community."
Skip Twitter post by @LaurentDTardif It's official now! #LDTMD! THANK YOU to all of you who supported me. If there was only one lesson to be learned from all of this is that with passion and determination, we are all capable of going beyond our limits! What's next??
Photo : @Vincent_Ethier pic.twitter.com/nnPa7WewFv — Laurent D. Tardif (@LaurentDTardif) May 29, 2018 Report
They have even officially requested that the letters "MD", which stands for medical doctor, be added to their name on their team jersey.
Mr Duvernay-Tardif realised their talent for football while playing for their school's team as a medical student from 2010-2013 in their hometown of Montreal, Quebec.
Soon they were scouted, and in 2014 they were drafted to the Chiefs in the sixth round.
Last year they signed a $41m (£30m) five-year extension with the team.
But instead of dropping out of medical school, Mr Duvernay-Tardif decided they would balance both passions by studying in the off-season, which resulted in extending their four-year medical degree to seven.
At first, they said their teammates questioned their commitment to the game, but it was the Chief's head coach, Andy Reid, who encouraged them to pursue both careers.
Mr Reid's mother happened to be one of the first women to have graduated from McGill's medical school.
Mr Duvernay-Tardif said they hope to someday work in emergency medicine, but they are probably a long way off from hanging up their helmet and putting on their scrubs.
For now, their goals are the same as any other football player - they want to win the Super Bowl.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Use 'happiness triggers' and learn new things to make the most of 2017 2:57 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It's time to make good on those New Year's resolutions. If you're still deciding, take some inspiration from the most popular Google searches for self-improvement.
iQuanti, a data-driven digital marketing company, compiled a list of the most popular resolutions based on Google search terms occurring from January 2016 through October.
Health and Organization Beat Out Travel and Reading
According to the data pulled from Google by iQuanti, these are the most popular New Year's resolutions:
Get Healthy: 62,776,640 searches, a 13.77 percent increase over last year during the same time period, when it was searched 55,177,290 times.
Get Organized: 33,230,420 searches, dipping by 7.41 percent compared to last year's tally of 35,888,700.
Live Life to the Fullest: 18,970,210, spiking by 13.04 percent from last year, when it maxed at 16,782,030.
Learn New Hobbies: 17,438,670 searches, up 4.72 percent from last year's total searches of 16,652,950.
Spend Less/Save More: 15,905,290 searches, up 17.47 percent from 13,539,500 in 2016.
Travel: 5,964,130 searches, down by 0.82 percent from 2015's 6,013,550,
Read More: 4,746,560 searches, down 5.63 percent from last year's 5,029,790.
Grand Total: 159,031,920, up by 6.67 percent from last year's searches, which numbered 149,083,810.
Not Just Healthy, But Fit
That fact that getting healthy tops the list is no shocker — it's among the most tried and true New Year's resolutions. But this year, people are specifically interested in gyms fitness, rather than simply improving their health.
"There was a 315 percent increase around the search term 'gym' and a significant increase around fitness-related searches, which shows just how important people are taking physical fitness," said Sastry Rachakonda, CEO of iQuanti.
Better Googling Makes For Better Marketing
Googlers were more specific and direct in their searches this year than in previous years, Rachakonda noticed, reflecting that they've become more adept at searching online, or perhaps more decided in what they want.
"People are searching in a more targeted way, which gives us the impression that people have a better idea of what they want are searching for," said Rachakonda.
"For instance, general search terms like 'bucket list,' which tends to be somewhat of an unclear search intent have gone down whereas specific searches [wherein] consumers ask detailed questions have risen. We feel that this is due to consumers having a better understanding and knowledge of what they want, which in turn allows brands the opportunity to better connect with their customers."
Fitness Retailers Seize the Day
Taking note of the surging interest in fitness aspirations are gyms and other fitness-affiliated retailers. In this vein, consumers can expect a deluge of marketing from all sorts of brands.
"The 'get in shape/fitness' resolution impacts not only the obvious gym memberships, fitness app subscriptions, and the purchase of fitness equipment but also categories like activewear, athletic footwear, fitness trackers, etc.," said Lisa Walters, co-founder of the independent equity research and consulting firm Retail Eye.
"From our store checks, we see fitness goals drive purchasing in January at activewear/footwear retailers including Lululemon, Athleta, Dick's Sporting Goods, Target, Foot Locker, Finish Line, Champs, department stores, DSW, etc."
"For some of these retailers, January is almost a second Christmas in a sense that we see high shopper purchasing of activewear and footwear to kick off these resolutions. And despite January being a clearance month, these retailers are able to sell activewear/athletic footwear at full price or with little discount."
Cashing in on Savings Goals
Gyms and fitness retailers may have a clear advantage given that consumers are actively seeking them out via their Google searches, but now is an ideal time for virtually any brand that can connect to New Year's resolutions.
Take Poshmark, for example: the mobile and online marketplace, where users can sell fashion wares, sees a spike this time of year. This is thanks in part to consumers maximizing an "out with the old, in with the new" philosophy, as well as a desire to earn some extra cash.
"Poshmark sees rapid growth from December to January, which is definitely unusual for traditional retail," said Kate Franco, senior director of merchandising at Poshmark. "The first quarter of the year is by far Poshmark's best growth quarter, as people sell gifts they can't return or clean out their closets for the New Year, Poshmark typically sees listing volume increase by at least 50 percent in January alone."
Staying Resolute Throughout 2017
There's a reason the same resolutions come up every year. Overall, we're terrible at seeing them through.
"[Research shows] that only about 8 percent of people actually achieve their New Year's goals," said Dr. John Agwunobi chief health and nutrition officer for Herbalife. "After the holiday tradition of over-indulgence, we set out to rid our cabinets of junk food, hit the gym and start fresh, [but] some people tackle the problem too aggressively, with overly restrictive diets, or exercise regimes that they can't commit to, and soon give up their efforts."
Not only should we not be too hard on ourselves when acting on our resolutions, we should also focus on making small, incremental changes to whatever it is we wish to improve.
"Think about what it is that you want in life and how is it that you can achieve it by taking baby steps," said Didi Wong, an integrative wellness and life coach. "If it is to lose weight, could you simply take out all sodas from your diet? If it's to get back in shape, could you go for a walk or run beginning with just once a week?"
Wong also recommends keeping track of your progress.
"Make it a habit to write down your resolutions or goals and put an action associated with the goal in your calendar," said Wong. "For example, 'I need to lower my cholesterol so I will walk just a mile a day and eliminate seafood from my diet.' If it is in your calendar, you are more likely to do it."
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Philadelphia Phillies outfielder Rhys Hoskins is likely headed to the disabled list after a further examination Wednesday revealed they have a fractured jaw.
Hoskins was hit in the mouth by their own foul ball in the ninth inning Monday while facing the Dodgers' Kenley Jansen. They were removed from the game but examinations, including a concussion test, cleared them to play Tuesday and they delivered a pinch-hit double.
However, a more extensive examination Wednesday morning revealed the fracture.
"Rhys is likely to be a DL," Phillies manager Gabe Kapler said. "He had a CAT scan this morning that revealed a fracture. We're going to send them to Philly tonight to be evaluated by our oral surgeon. They wanted to do the CAT scan as a precautionary measure and they found a fracture in the jaw."
The Phillies did not immediately put Hoskins on the 10-day disabled list, leaving them one player down for Wednesday night's game against the Dodgers. Hoskins was 14 for 87 at the plate in May, after going 27 for 89 in March/April.
Infielder Mitch Walding was added to the Phillies' active roster, but that was as a replacement for utility man Pedro Florimon, who was placed on the DL after they fractured a bone in their right foot on a foul ball in Tuesday night's game.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
FILE - In this March 14, 2018 file photo, an election campaign banner for Egyptian presidential candidate President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, with Arabic that reads, "yes...to build the future," hangs over a bridge, in Cairo, Egypt. With the March 26-28 election, Egypt breaks with most pretense of democratic process, insisting stability is the priority. The vote saw an unprecedented purge from the race of would-be opponents to President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, leaving their only rival a little known politician who is hardly campaigning. Nariman El-Mofty, File AP Photo
Here's how much of taxpayers' money the city plans to spend to shorten the runway at SMO
The City of Santa Monica isn't wasting any time trying to get ahead of the pending lawsuits about its agreement with the FAA over immediately shortening the runway at Santa Monica Airport (KSMO) and closing the airport by 2028. On Tuesday night, the Santa Monica City Council officially approved a runway-shortening contract with engineering firm AECOM. The guaranteed maximum price on the project is set at $3,517,320.
The final design for the project is expected to be completed this month, with construction scheduled to begin in October. The plan is to finish shortening the runway from 4,973 feet to 3,500 feet by December of this year. While the city says most of the work will be done at night, it expects the airport will be completely closed for 7 to 14 days. At this stage, the project will not destroy the existing runway, but the Santa Monica City Council is planning to hear proposals for “removal of excess runway pavement” in late September.
The NBAA is pursuing several lawsuits to halt the alteration and closure of the airport. It is joined by the Santa Monica Airport Association and several airport tenants. A May 4 Order from the U.S. Court of Appeals denied NBAA's request for a stay and injunction—which would have prohibited changes to the airport until the legality of the settlement agreement between the FAA and the City of Santa Monica could be determined.
Learn more at NBAA and the City of Santa Monica.
West Bromwich Albion manager Alan Pardew describes their side's 3-2 home defeat by Southampton - their first Premier League win since November - as "painful".
MATCH REPORT: West Brom 2-3 Southampton
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3rd February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
Name: William Adams
Age: 41
Twitter: @iamwill
Best known for: Being one of the founding members of the Black Eyed Peas, becoming something of a pop culture icon and the creative force behind a lot of the songs that fill dance floors on a regular basis
Bio: You'll know will.i.am as a music superstar thanks to their days with the Black Eyed Peas, but this Voice UK veteran is something of a modern sensation.
Don't believe us? Try typing will.i.am into your internet browser and see what happens.
Born and raised in Los Angeles, their career in the music industry began when they were just 13 years old, and has gone from strength to strength ever since.
The rapper, singer, songwriter, entrepreneur, actor, musician, DJ, record producer and philanthropist (yes, they are ALL of those things) has released four solo albums, and worked with artists like Michael Jackson, Justin Bieber, U2, Rihanna. Lady Gaga and Nicki Minaj to name but a few.
He's also one of The Voice UK's original coaches and actually won the show with Jermain Jackman in 2013.
Image copyright Dave Wardell Image caption Guide dog puppy Finn (l) was born in the West Midlands and has been named after now-retired police dog Finn (r)
A guide dog puppy has a lot to live up to after being named in honour of a police dog almost killed while protecting their handler.
German shepherd Finn and PC Dave Wardell were stabbed in Stevenage.
During their recovery the officer raised £5,000 to name and sponsor a guide dog.
Six-week-old Finn - also a German shepherd - is now officially in training for the charity Guide Dogs. "The breed is the Rolls-Royce of guide dogs," said PC Wardell.
Finn almost lost their lives when a 16-year-old boy stabbed them through the chest and head during a pursuit in the Hertfordshire town last October.
As the pair recovered, PC Wardell started campaigning for tougher laws for attacks on police animals and raised money for a number of causes.
More news from Hertfordshire
One of these was Guide Dogs, which provides support animals for blind and partially-sighted people.
Image copyright Helen Burchell Image caption Puppy Finn will spend the first year of their life with a volunteer puppy walker
Image copyright Dave Wardell Image caption Finn is one of 10 pups born in Dudley in the West Midlands
"It costs around £52,250 to train and support a guide dog partnership but £5,000 would pay for the puppy's first year of training and support," PC Wardell said.
"It would mean so much to me, and my entire family if Finn's horrible experience can act as a springboard to support someone, in the community PD Finn has protected so well, to deal with sight loss or total blindness."
The money was quickly raised, "but we wanted a German shepherd, they are apparently the Rolls-Royce of guide dogs, but there aren't many of them", they said.
"Hence it's taken a while for a litter."
Guide dog pup Finn is one of 10 born in Dudley in the West Midlands.
Image copyright Herts Police/Dave Wardell Image caption PC Dave Wardell and Finn worked together for eight years
All will be fostered by "puppy walkers" for a year to learn social skills and basic obedience.
Finn will be looked after by a walker in Hemel Hempstead.
After that they will attend a specialist training school for six months.
The majority - 94% - of guide dogs provided by the charity are Labradors or retrievers, with only 4% being German shepherds, but they are "incredibly loyal and intelligent dogs and well suited for working careers", the charity said.
Finn went back on duty at Christmas and retired in March.
In June their attacker was convicted.
NASCAR driver Danica Patrick takes a selfie from a tour trolley car as students from the Warren-Prescott school give them a send-off rally for a tour of historic sites, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Boston. Patrick says they "had a moment" when they lost their temper at a booing fan after qualifying for last week's NASCAR race. Elise Amendola AP Photo
In the following Workspot video you will learn how Saint Elizabeth Healthcare uses Workspot and Nutanix to delivery virtual applications and desktops.
via the fine folks at Workspot.
FG urged to investigate wealthy Nigerians' tax compliance
By Charles Nwaoguji
The former Assistant Chief Inspector of Taxes, Federal Inland Revenue Dept, Mrs. Morenike Babington-Ashaye, has called on the Federal Government to investigate the actual tax payment made to the government purse by wealthy Nigerians who are flaunting their acquisitions without evidence of tax return to the government.
Babington-Ashaye, who is also the former Chairman of the Ogun State Internal Revenue Service , said it is by so doing that the government can effectively defend transparency and accountability.
Speaking at an event to sensitise the public on the public lecture on “Taxation and the Society Governance – A Case for Nigeria” slated for April 26, 2017 at the Protea Hotel, Ikeja, they said the majority of Nigerians are not paying taxes because they are unemployed and some do not have a source of livelihood.
They added that the Nigerian Constitution, presently, does not enjoy widespread legitimacy, which in turn affects confidence in government because structurally the Constitution has created wastage in public administration, duplication across the tiers of government and disintegration of people that have common languages, cultures and values.
Mrs. Babington-Ashaye said, “the public lecture is not to criticise the government but to sensitise the public on the importance of being partakers in our own governance as it will address four main topics for discussion, including the Nigerian constitution, the cost of governance, the welfare of the society and transparency and accountability.
“The time is now when we must take governance seriously and ensure that all structures, processes and procedures that can engender good governance are put in place. Nigeria has no business with poverty and poverty has no business with Nigeria. We are blessed, so wonderfully blessed by God, with natural and human resources, which we ought to be the envy of all nations,” they added.
Share
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CORAL GABLES, Fla. — Erykah Davenport and Shaneese Bailey made key plays back-to-back late in the game and four players scored in double figures as a balanced Miami upset the No. 20 Kentucky women 65-54 on Sunday, handing the Wildcats a second loss in as many games.
With the Hurricanes (6-3) holding a 56-52 lead with 97 seconds left, Davenport was frenetic on defence, poking the ball away on one side of the hoop and rushing crosscourt to block an Amanda Pascal jumper from just inside the 3-point line. Maci Morris missed after the Kentucky inbound, Bailey grabbed the rebound and hit a dagger of a 3-pointer from the top of the circle on the other end for a 59-52 lead with 1:01 remaining.
Kentucky (8-3) was coming off a 70-64 loss at Florida Gulf Coast on Friday.
Davenport finished with 12 points and 12 rebounds, their third double-double this season, and blocked three shots. Bailey's critical 3-pointer was their only trey of the game as they scored 11 points. Endia Banks led with 13 points and eight assists, Mykea Gray added 12 points.
Trailing 30-23 at halftime, Miami exploded with a 28-point third quarter and outscored the Wildcats 42-24 after halftime for its first win against a ranked opponent this season and just its second against Kentucky in the last eight meetings.
Morris scored a game-high 18 points and Alyssa Rice added 11 but the Wildcats were 20-for-63 from the floor, 7-for-29 after halftime.
SANDY, Utah — Kyle Beckerman scored their 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to their feet and they sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
As most readers of this newsletter know, this weekend belongs to the real Thanksgiving. And one of the Canadians at The Times, Kerri MacDonald, a photo editor from Guelph, Ontario, has a special project to mark the holiday. I'll let them explain.
During one of my first visits to The New York Times's “morgue” — the archive of photographs, negatives, clippings and more — I asked whether we had a file of pictures from Canada. The answer: Not really. Many of our photos of Canada and Canadians had been sold to a collector.
As a Canadian with an interest in pictures from the past, I was disappointed.
Recently, though, those pictures resurfaced and a selection is on display in The Faraway Nearby, an exhibition at the Ryerson Image Center in Toronto. Chris Bratty, the collector, donated the nearly 25,000 Times images about Canada to Ryerson.
This week, the journalist and photographer Laurence Butet-Roch wrote in Lens, The Times's photography blog, that the collection contains expected tropes: “Canada as a winter wonderland; as a safe, polite neighbor who reveres hockey.” But, they added, there are also images that challenge those notions.
Over the next couple of days, we're sharing a selection of these photos on @nytarchives, an Instagram feed I edit that celebrates the rich visual history of The Times. In reading one old article connected to the images, I learned about the two women who scaled Mount Robson in British Columbia, pictured above. The Times reported in 1924 that they were “the first of their sex to accomplish the feat.”
I read about Canadians visiting New York: the Dionne quintuplets, “identically attired” on their first visit in 1950, and a 17-year-old Wayne Gretzky. During a visit in 1988, Robertson Davies was asked what distinguishes a Canadian novel from American or British ones. “Ah, that is a very tricky question,” they answered. “What used to be called a Canadian novel was a kind of prairie frontier story, but it was phony.”
Throughout the Thanksgiving holiday, @nytarchives is focused on Canada. But our archive traverses the globe. Follow us to see what stories we're rediscovering.
Hydro Flask hasn't even released its first two entries into the soft cooler market yet, but the company is already making plans to expand its lineup. The Unbound Series of coolers was revealed last summer and is expected to start shipping this spring in both a 22-liter backpack and a 24-liter tote. But those holding out for smaller, more portable models will soon have options to choose from as well.
At last week's Outdoor Retailer trade show in Denver, Hydro Flask revealed that it is planning on adding two new coolers to its catalog later this fall. In addition to its already-announced models, the company will also ship a 15-liter backpack and an 18-liter soft tote, which share a similar design aesthetic with their larger counterparts.
Made from tough, waterproof fabrics, each of the models in the Unbound Series is made from fabrics that are puncture, tear, and abrasion-resistant. This makes them tough enough to take to the beach, park, or backcountry without fear of damage. The coolers also include a compression-molded base that allows them to stand completely on their own, without the need to prop them up against a tree, rock, or another object.
Insulated with Hydro Flask's proprietary TempShield, the soft coolers are capable of keeping food and beverages chilled for up to 48 hours, all without adding much in the way of bulk or weight. An Aquaseal zipper keeps them completely waterproof, and each of the products uses materials that are mildew-resistant, anti-microbial, and BPA-free.
The 15- and 22-liter backpacks are equipped with padded shoulder straps made from EVA micro air mesh fabrics. This allows the wearer to comfortably carry a cooler full of canned beverages and ice, while keeping their hands free for other activities. Both models also include a contoured back panel that helps keep the wearer cool while hiking. The packs also have a dry storage pocket, a hidden side-slip pocket, external cinching straps, and two lash-strap mounts.
Similarly, the two totes include stretch-woven shoulder straps, hand-carry straps, and several integrated gear pockets for stowing smartphones, keys, and other items. Slightly larger than the backpacks, the totes give users a convenient way to carry a bit more cargo.
Available in five colors (black, goldenrod, mist, lagoon, and brick), the smaller models of the Unbound Series will retail for $225 when released this fall. The larger editions are expected to sell for $275 when they hit stores on May 1.
YPSILANTI, Mich. (AP) - Elijah Minnie scored 16 of their 22 points in a close first half and Eastern Michigan used a big run in the second half to roll to a 58-41 win over Ball State on Saturday.
Minnie's layup gave the Eagles (13-10, 4-6 Mid-American) a 27-26 halftime lead. James Thompson IV scored the first five points on a 15-0 run and Minnie had six points, making it 56-36 with just over five minutes remaining. Ball State missed six shots and had three turnovers in a drought that last almost seven minutes.
Thompson and Tim Bond both had nine of their 11 points in the second half with Thompson also grabbing 14 rebounds. Bond had seven rebounds, four blocks, three steals and three assists.
Eastern Michigan shot 53 percent and held Ball State to 27 percent, blocking 13 shots.
Trey Moses had 17 points for Ball State (14-9, 5-5).
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Moneyfarm acquires tech behind PFM chatbot Ernest
UK digital wealth platform Moneyfarm is aiming to move into the personal financial management space with the acquisition of financial chatbot technology startup Ernest.
Moneyfarm is in the process of combining the technology behind Ernest with its existing product, with a view to helping users manage their money, budget, and figure out which investments products could be suitable based on financial habits.
Giovanni Daprà, co-founder and CEO of Moneyfarm, comments: “Artificial intelligence and a conversational user interface will help us to improve our algorithms and ultimately offer a better product to our customers. As we work to integrate chatbot technology across our product offering we'll be able to assist over an individual's full wealth lifecycle, from the first pay cheque through to retirement.”
The acquisition comes after bootstrapped Ernest failed to raise further funds through a crowdfunding campaign to grow the business independently.
Ernest CTO Lorenzo Sicilia has joined the Moneyfarm team to oversee the technology integration project.
Terms of the transaction were undisclosed.
A new video has compiled all the physical character descriptions from the Game of Thrones novels and compared them to our favourites from the TV series - and Maisie Williams may be offended to hear the image of Arya Stark they were meant to fit.
In the novels, Arya (nicknamed "Arya Horse Face") is described as having a long face, plain looks, grey eyes and brown hair.
But casting directors seem to have taken some liberties in casting Williams, who is not the least big horsey. They've also eliminated a few other traits: did you know Khal Drogo was meant to have a drooping moustache? And Daenerys Targaryen should have had purple eyes?
Despite a few minor issues, casting directors have kept the characters pretty recognisable: see Eddard Stark with their long brown hair, solemn expression and closely trimmed beard (Sean Bean), Catelyn Stark with their flowing auburn tresses and plain clothing (Michelle Fairley), and Samwell Tarly with "plump sweaty fingers", round face and round body (John Bradley-West).
Watch the full video for all 22 comparisons:
Season 7 of Game of Thrones will air later this year.
Fewer than two in three people know where their heart is, according to new research.
And just four out of 10 can pick out their stomach, suggests the study.
Even less - just a quarter of women and four out of 10 men - were successful at identifying the liver - despite soaring illnesses caused by drinking too much.
Only two in five knew where their spleen and gall bladder is, while fewer than a quarter can locate their pancreas despite its role in diabetes and six in ten their kidneys.
Ignorance about anatomy is endangering the effectiveness of health screening campaigns that target a specific organ, warn scientists.
They were inspired to get to the bottom of the lack of knowledge after a Prostate Cancer UK study recently found more than half of men did not know where their prostate gland was - and 17 percent were even unaware they had one.
The only organ which 100 per cent of people answered correctly was the brain, reports Anatomical Sciences Education.
Where the heart is
Dr Adam Taylor, an expert in clinical anatomy at Lancaster University Medical School, said: “I expected the heart to be up there with the brain, but a lot of people thought it was in the middle of the chest, instead of left of centre, perhaps influenced by Valentine's Day representations.
“The liver has had a lot of publicity because the damage alcohol can do to it, and likewise the lungs with smoking.
“But if people do not know where these organs even are, health campaigns are unlikely to have much impact on them.”
Fewer than two in three people knew where their bladder is, and less than six in 10 their hamstrings, with women again faring particularly poorly.
Dr Taylor said middle-aged people who had not gone to university scored better than young graduates.
They said: “Whilst many of the public do not have or need formal anatomical knowledge, it is beneficial in monitoring and explaining their own health.”
Gut feelings
Members of the public up to the age of 70 were asked to place 21 human body parts on a blank template.
These included the brain, cornea, lungs, liver, diaphragm, heart, stomach, appendix, bladder, kidneys, pancreas, gallbladder, spleen, adrenals, thyroid, hamstrings, biceps, triceps, quadriceps, cruciate ligament and Achilles tendon.
They were chosen based on mentions in everyday life such as keeping fit, sports injuries, TV shows and online searches for abdominal pain. The biceps and cornea were the next most correctly answered structures.
Those the public knew least about were the adrenal glands which less than one in seven could identify. Many mistakenly thought were in the neck, instead of at the top of the kidneys.
Overall, men scored higher than women in identifying muscles, but not internal organs. Graduates did not score better than non-graduates.
Older people scored higher than young people, peaking in the 40 to 49 age group which may be because this is when people begin visiting the doctor more often.
People who had visited a healthcare professional prior to the quiz fared no better than those who had not.
Dr Taylor said the quiz revealed the public's eagerness to learn anatomy despite their limited knowledge of the human body.
They said the pilot study of 63 individuals is now being extended to involve thousands of participants, to find out just how ignorant Britons are when it comes to their own body.
The Dow Jones suffered a triple-digit drop on Tuesday — just hours before President Donald Trump was set to deliver their State of the Union address, a speech that many expect will tout the stock market's highs and focus on the impact the administration has had on the economy.
Markets closed sharply lower Tuesday for a second straight day of dramatic losses, with health-related stocks tumbling after Amazon, Chase, and Berkshire Hathaway announced a joint health care initiative that was seen by many investors as a shot across the bow to the pharmaceutical industry.
It was the Dow Jones Industrial Average's worst day since August and its first two-day losing streak in more than a month.
The DJIA closed down 362.59 points or around 1.37 percent. The S&P 500 index closed down 31 points, or around 1.09 percent.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Major companies changing how they handle healthcare 0:46 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Shares in UnitedHealth weighed the heaviest on the blue-chip Dow index; its stock tanked by 7 percent on the news that Amazon was entering the health care field, but leveled out to a drop of around 4 percent. By mid-afternoon the Dow Jones had fallen 400 points, with the S&P index down 1.2 percent, and the volatility index — a gauge of investor fear — soaring to its highest point since last August.
Nonetheless, the Dow is up more than 30 percent since Trump's inauguration, a point of fierce pride for the president and a frequent focus of their tweets.
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. Stock Market at an all-time high. That doesn't just happen! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 3, 2017
But questions are swirling around the timing of the health care announcement by economic influencers Jeff Bezos, Warren Buffett, and Jamie Dimon. While the Chase CEO has at times voiced support for Trump's business-friendly agenda, Berkshire's Buffett has said Trump "might be in the wrong line of business," and Amazon CEO Bezos famously offered to launch Trump into space.
Finally trashed by @realDonaldTrump. Will still reserve them a seat on the Blue Origin rocket. #sendDonaldtospace https://t.co/9OypFoxZk3 — Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) December 7, 2015
Tuesday's slump came on the heels of the worst day this year for markets, as investors drew back Monday on concerns that higher interest rates could bruise the market by tightening up access to ready money.
"This is the first wave of selling we've seen in a while," Robert Pavlik, chief investment strategist at SlateStone Wealth, told CNBC. It's not the start of a general pullback, they said, but more “an excuse to sell."
We're still “nowhere near panic levels,” said Tomi Kilgore in MarketWatch. “Selling isn't quite at capitulation levels.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption America's gun laws explained
In the wake of one of the deadliest US high school shootings, the National Rifle Association (NRA) has raised its biggest haul in donations in 15 years.
The powerful gun lobby's political fund raised $2.4 million (£1.7 million) in March, filings submitted to the Federal Elections Commissions (FEC) show.
The total marks the most it has raised in a single month since June 2003.
March was the group's first month of fundraising since the Parkland school shooting in Florida left 17 dead.
Most of the donations, which was $1.5m more than it raised last year during the same period, came from donors who gave less than $200 (£143), FEC records show.
This is not the first time a shooting has resulted in a boost in donations. The NRA raised $1.1m (£787,000) and $1.5m (£1m) in January and February 2013, just after the Sandy Hook school shooting in Connecticut.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Why this mass shooting is different - the evidence
While the NRA's Political Victory Fund does give money directly to political campaigns, the majority of its spending is indirectly linked to a candidate's campaign.
In Florida, Republican Senator Marco Rubio received $9,900 (£7,000) from the NRA, but the group spent over $3m (£2.1m) indirectly to support their election, according to US media.
More on the issue:
Gun control organisations have not seen the same donation momentum.
Everytown for Gun Safety, a nonprofit group advocating for gun control, raised just $13,580 (£9,700) for their political fund in March.
March for Our Lives, the group founded after the Parkland shooting, did raise $3.5m (£2.5m) since February, but according to the fundraising page, half of the money went towards the Washington on 24 March.
The rest went to the victims of the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
LAWRENCE, Kan. — Josh Jackson declared for the NBA draft Monday after one of the best first-year student seasons in Kansas history, one marked by plenty of highlights on the floor and a few distractions off it.
The 6-foot-8 swingman, who is considered a certain lottery pick, was the Big 12 newcomer of the year after averaging 16.3 points and 7.4 rebounds. They helped the Jayhawks to a 31-5 record and its 13th straight regular-season Big 12 title before losing to Oregon in the Elite Eight of the NCAA Tournament.
Jackson signed with former NBA player B.J. Armstrong of Wasserman Media Group.
“After thoroughly consulting with my family, I have decided to enter the 2017 NBA draft and pursue my dream of playing professional basketball,” Jackson said in a statement Monday.
“I am very thankful for all of the support I have received from my coaches and teammates at Kansas,” they said, “and I look forward to starting my career in the NBA.”
Jackson was the nation's No. 1 recruit when they signed with the Jayhawks out of Prolific Prep Academy in California. They immediately earned a spot in the starting lineup, teaming with national player of the year Frank Mason III and Devonte Graham to form one of the nation's top backcourts.
gallery: 2016-17 NCAA basketball cheerleaders
With natural athleticism and ability to slash to the basket — not to mention defensive chops that are rare among freshmen — Jackson quickly established themselves as one of the nation's top draft prospects.
Their importance was never more evident than in the Big 12 Tournament, when they were suspended by coach Bill Self following a series of off-the-court issues. The top-seeded Jayhawks stumbled in a quarterfinal loss to TCU, ending their run at the conference tournament before it really began.
They returned for the NCAA Tournament and played well in wins over UC Davis, Michigan State and Purdue, but was hamstrung by foul trouble and managed just 10 points in a season-ending loss to the Ducks.
Jackson's suspension came following an incident outside a Lawrence bar in December, when a member of the Kansas women's basketball team got into an altercation with Jackson's teammate, Lagerald Vick.
Jackson followed the woman to the parking lot and the woman said they kicked their car and caused hundreds of dollars in damage. They pleaded not guilty last week in Douglas County District Court to one misdemeanor count of criminal damage to property and a trial is scheduled for May 24.
Their attorney, Hatem Chahine, said they were planning to file for diversion.
Jackson also was ticketed in February after they struck a parked car and fled the scene, and that drew Self's ire when they didn't tell their coach about the incident until several weeks later.
Their decision to declare for the draft came a week after teammate Svi Mykhailiuk announced they would skip their senior season. But unlike Jackson, the 6-8 sharpshooter has not hired an agent and could withdraw their name by May 24 and return to the Jayhawks.
“He was ready to make the jump, maturity-wise and skill wise,” said the junior forward Jordan Greenway, one of McAvoy's four roommates last year.
McAvoy had played only four A.H.L. games when the Bruins lost two top defensemen heading into the Stanley Cup playoffs against the Ottawa Senators. They summoned them to Boston, but before they could fly with the team to Canada they had to stop at their B.U. dorm to pick up their passport and a couple of suits.
They made their N.H.L. debut in April, paired with the Bruins' captain, Zdeno Chara, who played their first N.H.L. game a month before McAvoy was born in 1997.
Photo
The Bruins lost the series in six games, four of which required overtime, but McAvoy picked up three assists and averaged 26 minutes 12 seconds of ice time, second only to Chara.
“Nothing rattles their cage,” said junior forward Ryan Clooney, who also lived with McAvoy last year. “Even off the ice, he's such a mature kid for how young they are.”
But McAvoy's season still was not over. After joining Bruins teammates for a weekend in Arizona, McAvoy joined the American team for the world championships in France and Germany in May. The United States lost to Finland in the quarterfinals on May 18, ending what McAvoy's father called “a wild ride.”
Charlie McAvoy Sr. with their brother Peter owns McAvoy Plumbing in Long Beach, N.Y., a business started by their grandfather in 1926. That their only son, the second of their four children, was able to handle so much in such a short time, at such a young age, did not surprise him.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“He's always been a pretty grounded kid, and they don't have my temper, ” McAvoy Sr. said. “He stays in the moment. In fact, he's always telling me, ‘Dad, don't get too far ahead of yourself.'”
Now 6-1 and 211 pounds, the younger McAvoy started skating when they were 3. After playing for Long Beach High School as a first-year student, McAvoy lived with a billet family in Michigan for two years while playing for the United States National Team Development Program.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
With the help of their mother, Jen, a former teacher, they took online classes so they could enroll at Boston University a year early. As a 17-year-old first-year student, they often competed against players five and six years older, but they led the Terriers' defense with 25 points in 37 games, earning Hockey East All-Rookie Team honors.
B.U. Coach David Quinn said, “Charlie's an easy guy to love.”
“I think he's got an incredible ability, which I think great players have, to have swagger without arrogance,” Quinn added. “He's very confident in who they are, and they know how good they are, but they don't have an arrogance about them that affects their play or their teammates.”
When McAvoy was drafted by the Bruins, the clock began ticking on their college career. Quinn said the only time they sensed McAvoy being distracted was the approach of last season's N.H.L. trade deadline on March 1, when rumors swirled that McAvoy might be included in a trade to the Colorado Avalanche.
Photo
The speculation reached a pitch when Colorado General Manager Joe Sakic took in the Beanpot finals on Feb. 13 between B.U. and Harvard.
The Terriers lost, 6-3, and Quinn said, “Charlie probably didn't have one of their best games.” Shortly thereafter, Bruins General Manager Don Sweeney told McAvoy they would not be going anywhere.
“I thought Charlie played their best hockey after the trade deadline,” Quinn said. “He was able to play hockey with no distractions.”
For McAvoy's N.H.L. debut, the Bruins flew their parents to the game in Ottawa. When McAvoy saw their father after the game, they smiled and said, “Dad, I just played in the N.H.L.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For the rest of the playoffs, McAvoy lived in a hotel in Watertown, near the Bruins' practice facility. During the summer, they moved into an apartment in Boston with Matt Grzelcyk, a former college teammate who is also with the Bruins. They worked out at B.U.'s Agganis Arena.
There was time to make it home to Long Beach a couple of times, including a few days in July when their parents threw a small party for them to celebrate their year.
Their mother noted McAvoy's embrace of their new responsibilities as a professional, even in what foods they would eat.
“Everything they have had to do has taught them something new to get to the next step in their life,” they said. “He keeps making more mature decisions along the way. I think he's grown a lot over the last four months.”
What the Bruins like about McAvoy, who turns 20 in December, is their ability to move the puck up ice, a good fit for Coach Bruce Cassidy's aggressive style. And they are not shy about using their size in the defensive end.
Cassidy also has been impressed by McAvoy's makeup.
“Things don't bother him,” they said. “And they always seem to play better on the bigger stages.”
This undated image released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, shows Steven Wiggins, who was identified by the Humphreys County Sheriff's Office as a suspect in the killing of a sheriff's deputy. A Tennessee Highway Patrol spokesperson tells news outlets that the suspect was involved in an altercation with the Dickson County deputy early Wednesday, May 30, 2018, after a vehicle was reported stolen. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigation via AP)
A FINE Gael senator has called on the Government to include a 96-bed block at University Hospital Limerick in its capital plan which is due to be revealed in the next two months.
The UL Hospitals Group has put in a bid to secure funding from the Department of Health for the €25m project, which could alleviate UHL's overcrowding crisis.
Sen Kieran O'Donnell's calls come after a new report showed that UHL had the worst rate of overcrowding in the country in September, with 902 patients being treated on emergency department trolleys and on extra trolleys or beds in the wards.
The overcrowding rate was significantly higher than any other hospital in the country, with the second worst level of trolley numbers found at Cork University Hospital, with 628 patients.
The report shows that it is the worst ever September for overcrowding since records began in 2006, when there were just 139 patients on trolleys. The lowest ever rate of September overcrowding was in 2008, when there were 72 people on trolleys.
Sen O'Donnell said that “there was always a need” for the extra 96 beds, following the closure of St John's, Ennis, and Nenagh emergency departments since 2009.
They described this as “putting the cart before the horse”.
“I have spoken to Minister Harris about the overcrowding and they are well aware of the difficulties. The new ED has made it a more bearable visit for patients, but nonetheless, unacceptable in terms of being on trolleys. And I am impressing upon them that the 96-acute bed unit would be included in the capital plan, which is due to be announced over the next month or two,” they told the Leader.
Sen O'Donnell lobbied to secure funding for the design and planning phase of the new 96-bed block. They said that it is “an utter priority”.
“As we stand at the moment, no time is lost, as the design work has to go underway. The key thing now is to ensure that we can get the project included in the new capital plan,” they said.
The new emergency department at UHL opened on May 29, and was launched by Minister for Health Simon Harris on June 13.
Emergency consultants have said that until it removes its bed deficit, overcrowding in Dooradoyle will persist.
A spokesperson for the UL Hospitals Group said that it has submitted its winter plan for 2017 to the Department of Health, in conjunction with HSE Mid-West Community Healthcare.
“This plan will set out measures to manage the predicted number of attendances in the ED during the forthcoming winter period.”
In order to alleviate overcrowding in the interim, the hospital has transformed the former emergency department into a 17-bed medical short stay unit.
One measure to relieve ED pressure includes the transfer of suitable patients from UHL to Ennis, Nenagh, St John's, and Croom Hospital.
The UL Hospitals Group is in discussions to reopen 20 beds at St John's, which have been closed since early summer 2016, by the end of this month.
By Fungi Kwaramba, Blessings Mashaya and Andrew Kunambura
Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa took the war to their counterpart — Phelekezela Mphoko — who, on Tuesday, came just short of accusing them of lying, saying the veteran diplomat was trying to cause alarm and disunity in the ruling Zanu PF party.
As the factional wars in Zanu PF escalate to levels never seen before, President Robert Mugabe's two deputies have crossed swords over an alleged poisoning incident that occurred in Gwanda, Matabeleland South, on August 12.
Late Tuesday evening, Mphoko, who was the acting president in Mugabe's absence, issued a statement accusing Mnangagwa of being economical with the truth over the incident, which has worsened the friction in Zanu PF.
Mphoko implied that Mnangagwa had lied to their audience in Gutu during a memorial service held for the late Masvingo Provincial Affairs minister, Shuvai Mahofa, that they were poisoned while attending a Zanu PF youth interface meeting addressed by Mugabe in the Matabeleland South provincial capital.
The former Zapu cadre also accused their counterpart of undermining the authority of the president — a serious offence in the governing party.
Mnangagwa came out guns blazing yesterday to hit back at Mphoko.
In a statement issued late last night, the ex-guerrilla fighter said they would never rebel against Mugabe while expressing grave concerns over Mphoko's utterances.
“It is thus, very disturbing that my colleague . . . Mphoko who is a trained cadre and veteran of the struggle, would issue a statement, which goes against the spirit and grain of our national Constitution and the principles, which is further alien to the revolutionary ethos, culture and decorum of our party Zanu PF,” said Mnangagwa.
“It is further disconcerting that the statement is littered with subjective falsehoods, mischievous perceptions and malicious innuendos written in a language and tone which is disrespectful and contemptuous to my person and indeed to the office I occupy,” they added.
The former Chirumhanzu-Zibagwe legislator, who was appointed to their post by Mugabe in 2014 following the ousting of former vice president Joice Mujuru, also accused Mphoko of being “bent on causing alarm, disunity and despondency amongst peace-loving Zimbabweans” with an agenda known only to himself.
The Justice, Legal and Parliamentary Affairs minister, who has survived several attempts on their life, also insisted that they had been poisoned.
“During the ordinary session of the politburo held on 6 September, 2017 and the ordinary session of the central committee held on 8 September . . . I informed the meeting that my doctors had said that I was not food-poisoned. I did not state that poison had been ruled out. It is most disappointing that a person at the level of my colleague . . . Mphoko would misunderstand and misrepresent the statements made by . . . Mugabe, and myself,” said Mnangagwa.
In their statement on Tuesday, Mphoko had said Mnangagwa was lying that they had been poisoned.
“Over the weekend, and apparently using the background of unproven but persistent allegations and claims that the late national hero Shuvai Mahofa was poisoned at the Zanu PF people's conference in Victoria Falls in 2015, VP Mnangagwa told an emotionally-charged memorial service for Cde Mahofa in Gutu that what happened to them in 2015 in Victoria Falls, is also what happened to them on August 12 in Gwanda. Contrary to their statement, their medical doctor, while briefing President Robert Mugabe in the presence of Mnangagwa, confirmed that Vice President Mnangagwa was not poisoned”.
“At the Gweru presidential youth interface rally . . . Mugabe revealed that, three days earlier, they had met with Mnangagwa's medical doctor in the presence of Mnangagwa and that the doctor, who has been attending to Mnangagwa for 20 years, told the president that their long standing patient had not been food-poisoned.
“It will be recalled that on the eve of the Midlands presidential youth interface rally held in Gweru on September 1, 2017, Vice President Mnangagwa issued a statement categorically stating that they did not eat any ice cream in Gwanda. This was after widespread false claims that they had been poisoned after allegedly eating ice cream from Gushungo Dairy,” said Mphoko in a statement that was released by their office late on Tuesday night.
Throughout their statement, Mphoko referred to their counterpart only as Mnangagwa, something their counterpart certainly took exception with.
Mugabe has also dismissed the notion that Mnangagwa was food poisoned.
They apparently based their conclusions on meetings they had with their deputy's medical doctors.
In Mugabe's absence, Mnangagwa and Mphoko rotate as acting presidents.
Mphoko is linked to the Generation 40 faction while Mnangagwa has behind them the Team Lacoste faction.
The factions emerged as a result of the jostling to succeed Mugabe, who turns 94 next year.
Political analysts have warned of possible bloodbath amid indications that Mugabe could be the one who is behind Mnangagwa's woes.
South Africa-based political analyst Dewa Mavhinga said for now, Mnangagwa has stakes raised against them and they might face the same fate which befell their predecessor Joice Mujuru unless they fight back and now fighting back they are.
“Mphoko's statement and Mnangagwa's lawsuit against Moyo, show clearly that a decisive factional showdown is imminent and indications are that Mugabe may not be on Mnangagwa's side. Mnangagwa has to fight or risk losing everything,” said Mavhinga.
On the other hand, United Kingdom political expert Stephen Chan said although Zanu PF is far from collapsing, the ruling party's dominance in close to four decades is now in danger.
“Certainly . . . Mphoko's statement reveals an intensification of in-fighting within Zanu PF, but the party is far from collapsing. The Zimbabwean economy will collapse first and, if the party is seen to have prioritised its internal feuds over and above the needs of the country and its people, then the party will be in danger from the outside not the inside. Can President Mugabe control this anymore? They can when he's inside the country. It's a case of when the cat's away, the mice come out to play,” said Chan.
Despite the widening cracks in Zanu PF — the party's spokesperson Simon Khaya Moyo on Tuesday claimed that relations between Mugabe and their deputy are still normal and dismissed any likelihood of a split.
In a statement that was apparently provoked by the Daily News story “Mugabe, ED fight . . . Zanu PF headed for split” the former revolutionary party spokesperson Khaya Moyo accused the media of championing regime change.
“You may agree that the story infers that the relationship between . . . Mugabe and . . . Mnangagwa has gone unsavoury and is almost severed,” said Khaya Moyo in a statement issued yesterday.
While the Mugabes have lambasted the provinces of Midlands and Masvingo for being cradles of factionalism that threaten the foundations of Zanu PF, Mnangagwa said over the weekend that the provinces are sovereign and are free to pursue tribal politics “by standing with one of their own”.
But that was apparently lost to Khaya Moyo, who claimed in the statement that the relations between Mnangagwa and Mugabe are still “solid” notwithstanding the public shellacking of the former and also humiliations by Grace. Daily News
Three members of Grantham Running Club participated in the seventh annual Brass Monkey 10K race on Sunday.
The race was held at Rockingham Motor Speedway in Northamptonshire, in support of Lakelands Hospice, Corby. In warmer than expected temperatures and under a blue sky, any hope of personal bests was soon dashed due to the high winds in the exposed location.
Paul Rushworth with the newest addition to their family post-race at Helsby.
There was a large turnout of more than 550 runners and some wheelchair racers for this event around the banked speedway circuit.
Travelling at somewhat less than the lap record of 215mph, Stuart Baty came home in 134th place in a time of 50min 44sec, with Simon Hartley finishing in 62:29 and Lucinda Gamble in 68:50.
All three were members of last year's very popular and successful 10 weeks to 10K programme run by Grantham Running Club and have participated in a number of events since their graduation.
l Grantham Running Club's Paul Rushworth travelled to Helsby, near Chester, to take part in the Four Villages Half Marathon last Sunday.
The race visited Dunham-on-the-Hill, Mouldsworth and Manley before returning to Helsby along quiet country lanes. This year's event was run in extreme conditions with wintery sleet showers blowing across the course for the duration of the event.
Despite the tough conditions, Paul finished in a creditable 1:35:50, making full use of the final three-mile steady downhill sections to increase their speed to the finish.
Paul also took the opportunity to introduce the new arrival in their family to the world of running.
Saraki: Senators react to victory at CCT
Deputy Leader of the Senate, Sen. Bala Ibn N'Allah, said victory of President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, at the Code of Conduct Tribunal(CCT) was victory for democracy. They told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja it was obvious that the case against Saraki was only a distraction to governance. The CCT […]
Saraki: Senators react to victory at CCT
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Glasgow has made the shortlist of potential sites for Channel 4's new national headquarters.
The broadcaster will move 300 staff out of London to three new bases next year in the biggest change to its structure in 35 years.
Glasgow joins Bristol, Cardiff, Greater Manchester, Leeds, Liverpool and the West Midlands on the shortlist for the HQ or creative hub.
Nicola Sturgeon said on Twitter that the announcement was "brilliant".
Belfast, Brighton, Newcastle-Gateshead, Nottingham, Sheffield and Stoke-on-Trent have also made the cut to be considered to be a creative hub.
Of the three new hubs in the nations and regions, the largest will be the new national HQ.
It will have facilities including a TV studio, from which the Channel 4 News can be broadcast.
Image copyright @Glasgow4C$ Image caption Stuart Cosgrove is leading the Glasgow bid for the new Channel 4 headquarters
The first-round pitch process was launched in April, with more than 30 submissions entered.
Each of the shortlisted cities will now participate in a second-stage process - which will include Channel 4 visiting each city for a presentation and Q&A.
The final locations will be selected in October 2018.
Broadcaster Stuart Cosgrove, who has led the Glasgow bid, said on Twitter that they were "delighted" that Glasgow had made the shortlist.
"Many thanks to the thousands that have voiced their support. Taking nothing for granted but we are up for the cup," they added.
Skip Twitter post by @Detroit67Book Delighted that Glasgow has been shortlisted in both categories for the @Channel4 bid - National HQ and Creative Hub. Many thanks to the thousands that have voiced their support. Taking nothing for granted but we are up for the cup. @Glasgow4C4 pic.twitter.com/7nfjS4zC8c — Stuart Cosgrove (@Detroit67Book) May 30, 2018 Report
In a statement later Mr Cosgrove, Channel 4's former head of programmes (nations and regions), said: "We're delighted that Channel 4 gets Glasgow and what the city has to offer.
"I'm looking forward to showing them much more over the summer.
"Glasgow meets all the criteria for the new national HQ; but that's just where our pitch starts, not where it ends.
"This is a young, educated, diverse city that is bursting with talent, attitude and potential. It is a real privilege to have the job of putting all of that in front of Channel 4. I think they'll love it."
Increase investment
Jonathan Allan, Channel 4's chief commercial officer, who is leading the pitch process, said: "We've been incredibly impressed both by the number of pitches we received and by the high quality of the submissions - which has underlined the huge amount of creativity, innovation and talent right across the UK.
"However, we have to move to a shortlist phase and, after careful consideration by the Channel 4 executive team, we've selected 13 cities that are best able to meet our vision for our new hubs in the nations and regions.
"We look forward to visiting all those on the shortlist as part of our second phase, but we will also be continuing to work with all cities and regions as part of our strategy to increase investment and support creative businesses, jobs and growth across the UK."
The move is part of Channel 4's strategy to increase spending on its nations and regions content from its current quota of 35% to a new voluntary target of 50% by 2023.
Harrington Police have arrested one and are looking for another involved in a shooting in the parking lot of Lake Forest South Elementary School Sunday afternoon. Police say several people were playing football at W-T Chipman when they were confronted by a group of people. A fight began but as it broke up one suspect fired a handgun multiple times – striking a 17 year old in both legs. Police have arrested 20 year old David Brown of Dover who disposed of the gun, but are still looking for 19 year old Trequon Seth of Dover who fired the gun.
GOSH celebrates topping out of Zayed Centre for Research into Rare Disease in Children
LONDON, Dec 11 2017 (WAM) - The Great Ormond Street Hospital, GOSH, has marked a crucial milestone in the construction of The Zayed Centre for Research into Rare Disease in Children, as a topping out ceremony was held to mark the moment when the building reached its highest point.
The Centre was made possible thanks to a generous GBP60 million donation from H.H. Sheikha Fatima bint Mubarak, Chairwoman of the General Women's Union, President of the Supreme Council for Motherhood and Childhood, and Supreme Chairwoman of the Family Development Foundation. The centre is a partnership between the GOSH, University College London, UCL, and Great Ormond Street Hospital Children's Charity.
The centre is due for completion at the end of 2018 and will be the first purpose built centre of its kind in the world. It will bring together hundreds of clinicians and researchers under one roof to drive forward new treatments and cures for children with rare diseases, and will support translational research that focuses on taking discoveries from the lab bench to the patients' bedsides.
The centre is due for completion at the end of 2018 and will be the first purpose built centre of its kind in the world. It will bring together hundreds of clinicians and researchers under one roof to drive forward new treatments and cures for children with rare diseases, and will support translational research that focuses on taking discoveries from the lab bench to the patients' bedsides.
The ceremony was attended by Sulaiman Hamid Al Mazrouei, UAE Ambassador to the United Kingdom, Professor Maha Barakat, Advisor to the Executive Council of the Government of Abu Dhabi and a number of officials from the Government of Abu Dhabi.
During the ceremony, Al Mazrouei expressed their gratitude to Them Highness Sheikha Fatima bint Mubarak for their generous support locally and internationally. They also thanked the partners and shareholders of the centre for their ongoing commitment to the project.
They said, “The Zayed Centre for Research into Rare Disease in Children is an innovative and collaborative partnership that brings together world-class medical and scientific expertise, which will have an immediate and lasting impact on the lives of many children from around the world.”
Peter Steer, Chief Executive of Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Foundation Trust, said, “We're delighted to celebrate this important milestone which marks the culmination of many months of work with our contractors and UCL in the construction of the centre. By creating a facility that brings patients, clinicians, and scientists together in one place we will advance pioneering research into paediatric rare diseases further and faster. The work we do here will help children with rare conditions across the world to thrive and fulfil their potential.”
Professor Graham Hart, Dean of the UCL Faculty of Population Health Sciences, said, “This generous donation and the building it has helped create will help progress international quality research into the causes and treatments of rare diseases in children across the globe. UCL is proud of its association with its partner Great Ormond Street Hospital, and together we will work tirelessly to improve the health of children and the adults they will become through the efforts of our colleagues in the Zayed Centre.”
Tim Johnson, Chief Executive of Great Ormond Street Hospital Charity, added, “I would like to thank the family of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan. Thanks to their generosity the charity has been able to support GOSH to discover new treatments and cures for children with complex and rare conditions both at the hospital and across the UK.”
GOSH sees children from more than 90 countries and specialises in the treatment of children with rare diseases. These include children from the UAE who come to the hospital to be treated for a range of conditions including rare heart and neurological conditions.
Work has now begun on the interior of the centre, which will house state-of-the-art laboratories and highly-specialised facilities for the development of new gene and stem cell therapies as well as a much-needed outpatient clinic.
The construction of the building involved the demolition of an office block built in the 1960s, which was being used by the University of London and had been disused for some time. Designed by award-winning architects Stanton Williams, construction of the new building began in 2017 by Swedish contractor Skanska, who is responsible for the construction, mechanical and electrical fit-out of the facility.
On completion, the building will include 4,200m3 concrete to build the frame, weighing 10,500 tonnes; 520 tonnes of steel used in the building structure; 5,000 metres of drywall partitions; 13,000sqm of floor space; 2,500sqm of glass within the external walls, and a BREEAM rating of excellent.
The topping out event was celebrated with a traditional Scandinavian ‘flying of the fir' in which a fir tree was flown over the building by tower crane, as well as a final pouring of cement, in a rooftop ceremony.
WAM/MOHD AAMIR/Nour Salman
It is especially noteworthy, they added, that "Spectrosynthesis" is taking place in Taiwan, which in 2017 became the first Asian government to legalize same-sex marriage.
“Looking back on the history of the LGBTQ movement in Taiwan — since the pioneer of Taiwanese LGBTQ movement, Chi Chia-Wei, came out publicly (in 1986) and spoke up for Taiwanese LGBTQ community —Taiwan has witnessed the lifting of martial law, the shock of the first AIDS patient, the first gay and lesbian publication, the first LGBTQ radio show, the first LGBTQ bookstore, the first Taiwan LGBT Pride, the making of anti-discrimination laws, the first same-sex marriage of an openly gay couple, the first LGBT Civil Rights Movement organized by Taipei City Government and the establishment of the first national LGBTQ organization,” Chan said.
Patrick Sun, founder of Sunpride Foundation
“Throughout the past three decades, this path to equality and human rights is paved with the youth, sweat and blood of countless pioneers and predecessors as they have fought, resisted, communicated with conservative mainstream values and pushed for legislation," they added.
Patrick Sun, founder of the Sunpride Foundation, said they feel a great sense of achievement for having put together such a groundbreaking show.
“In the Western world it would be very common place to have a gay-themed show,” they said. “But in Asia, this is the first time a large-scale show of this theme has been presented in a government-run institution. It's very important to show how forward-thinking the Taiwan government is.”
Artwork by Ho Tam on display at the "Spectrosynthesis ─ Asian LGBTQ Issues and Art Now" exhibit at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Taipei (MOCA). Museum of Contemporary Art, Taipei (
Ho Tam, one of the 22 artists featured in the exhibition, created a series of periodicals called "Hotam," which examines different issues of daily life, pop culture, media and politics. They said they use their work to give voice to the voiceless and neglected. "Hotam," they explained, is about creating their own media against the mainstream and finding an alternative way to express ideas.
“Putting something very private out to the public realm, I am interested in exploring the possibilities (of) how a personal voice and stories could make any effects to the large audience,” they added.
Since the start of the show, Sun has returned to witness and observe the visitors to the exhibition. They said they are especially touched by the mothers bringing in their young children and explaining parts of the show that they might not understand.
"Rainbow in the Darkness" by Chuang Chih-Wei on display at the "Spectrosynthesis ─ Asian LGBTQ Issues and Art Now" exhibit at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Taipei (MOCA). Museum of Contemporary Art, Taipei
“That to me is what represents the spirit of the show,” they said. “We're trying to open dialogue with the public, and I think it has achieved that purpose to a certain extent.”
For the LGBTQ community, Sun said they hope the exhibition will help them feel more proud and confident in themselves and not feel so isolated. And they hope the exhibition helps the general public have a better understanding and acceptance of the gay community.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
Image caption The view from one of Belfast's bus lane cameras which were introduced in 2015
New bus lanes on the Albertbridge Road in east Belfast have begun operating.
They are located between Castlereagh Street and the Newtownards Road and follow weeks of roadworks in the area.
Members of the public will face fines if they drive in the lanes on weekdays during peak traffic times - from 07:30 to 09:30 and between 15:30 to 18:30.
The changes form part of the Belfast Rapid Transit project, which is due to be introduced next year.
'Reduce congestion'
A spokesperson for Department for Infrastructure (DfI) said: "The new bus lanes will support a faster, more reliable bus service for people travelling along the Albertbridge Road.
They said they had already seen a "growing number of people switching to the bus on this key route".
Passenger numbers have increased by about 4.5% on Translink's Metro-4 bus route since other bus lanes were installed further along the route.
Some bus lanes were already in place along parts of the Albertbridge Road, but they have now been replaced and extended to cover two thirds of the carriageway.
The DfI spokesperson said the aim was to "encourage more people to use public transport, ultimately helping to reduce congestion on this busy arterial route into the city in advance of Belfast Rapid Transit coming into operation".
That forthcoming project will see "tram-like" vehicles operating along several main roads in and out of the city by September 2018.
The masterplan is designed to cut public transport journey times between the city centre and parts of east Belfast, west Belfast and the Titanic Quarter.
Several parts of the city have already witnessed traffic changes in preparation for the future system.
Timeline
September 2012 - Bus lanes are introduced in Belfast city centre
May 2015 - Bus lane cameras are installed to enforce the rules
June 2015 - The first fines are levied to drivers who stray into bus lane
When the first bus lanes began to operate in September 2012, they led to long traffic delays and complaints from the public.
The department said the latest changes wee being introduced "during the summer while traffic levels are traditionally lower", in order to give motorists time to adjust.
"DfI would ask drivers to take extra care when travelling on this stretch of the Albertbridge Road until they are familiar with the new arrangements," its statement added.
Adam Gase: Jay Cutler could debut in next Dolphins preseason game
Quarterback Jay Cutler is up to speed enough that they could make their Miami Dolphins debut this week, according to coach Adam Gase.
Gase said the veteran quarterback is “trending” toward playing in Miami's preseason game against the Atlanta Falcons on Thursday.
Gase said he's "trending" toward letting Cutler play, but they haven't made a decision yet. — Adam Beasley (@AdamHBeasley) August 14, 2017
Cutler played under Gase, then the Chicago Bears offensive coordinator, in 2015, so the offense likely isn't accompanied by a particularly steep learning curve. Getting them back in the groove physically was also a concern.
Cutler is healthy and their issues from last season have checked out okay. Gase will want to get them into a game situation as soon as possible to help them get comfortable and build up a rapport with their new teammates.
A 74-year-old man has died in a two-vehicle collision in Lanarkshire.
The silver Mazda Tribute they were driving was in involved in a crash with black Vauxhall Antara at about 13:30 on Sunday.
The driver of the Vauxhall, a man aged 32, sustained minor injuries and was released from hospital after treatment.
Police have appealed for witnesses to the collision, which was at the junction of the B743 and Roman Road, near Strathaven.
Sgt Craig McDonald said: "I would appeal for any witnesses to the collision that have not already come forward, or anyone with information relating to the incident, to contact road policing officers at Motherwell.
"Information can be passed to officers from the Divisional Road Policing Unit at Motherwell on 101."
CAIRO — Relations between Russia and Egypt have rapidly grown over the past three years, with Presidents Vladimir Putin and Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi forging a multi-faceted relationship that features economic, military and political co-operation.
Here is a look at the history of this relationship and where it might be headed, as Putin pays their latest visit to Cairo.
——–
COLD WAR TIES
The young Egyptian officers who seized power in Egypt in 1952 and later toppled the monarchy initially flirted with the United States through various channels. But vociferous, anti-Israel rhetoric from Egypt's Arab nationalist leader Gamal Abdel-Nasser, coupled with Cold War realities, doomed any hope that Washington could become Cairo's superpower patron.
A 1955 deal to buy Soviet weapons through Czechoslovakia brought Egypt into the Soviet camp despite Cairo's efforts to remain non-aligned. Moscow later agreed to build a massive hydroelectric dam on the Nile in southern Egypt after the World Bank, reportedly at Washington's behest, declined to finance the project.
Relations plunged deeper when Egypt accused the United States of colluding with Israel in the 1967 Six Day War, in which Israeli troops seized the Sinai Peninsula. Following that war, Egypt's ties with Russia became much closer, with thousands of Russian military advisers stationed in Egypt, some with their families. Soviet-made military hardware poured into Egypt, from tanks and fighter-jets to helicopters and artillery pieces. Russian pilots even flew reconnaissance flights for the Egyptians over Israeli installations.
——–
SWITCHING CAMPS
The United States began to reassert its influence over Egypt when Washington brokered a 1970 cease-fire that ended months of intensive fighting between Egypt and Israel in the Suez Canal region and along the Red Sea coastline.
In a surprise move, President Anwar Sadat in 1972 expelled the Soviet military advisers, arguing that Moscow was not doing enough to help the Egyptians match Israel's military might. A year later, Egypt and Israel fought the last of their four wars and the road was paved for Washington to replace Moscow as the most dominant foreign power in the Middle East.
The U.S.-brokered Camp David peace accords between Egypt and Israel cemented the new American-Egyptian alliance, transforming Egypt into a key U.S. ally and the recipient of $1.3 billion in annual foreign aid, which continues to this day.
——
RENEWING TIES
Egyptian-American relations took a plunge after the military overthrew Islamist President Mohammed Morsi, the country's first freely elected leader, amid mass protests against their divisive rule in 2013.
President Barack Obama's administration criticized the move, which effectively ended Egypt's troubled transition to democracy, angering the country's new leaders. Since then, pro-government media have regularly accused Obama of siding with Morsi's now-banned Muslim Brotherhood group.
El-Sissi, who as defence minister led the overthrow of Morsi and was elected president the following year, was quick to pivot toward Moscow. They have visited Russia twice since assuming office, and has struck deals to buy billions of dollars' worth of military hardware, including helicopter gunships and fighter jets.
An agreement to have a Russian company build a nuclear reactor was signed in Cairo on Monday. Late last month, Russia said it approved a draft agreement with Egypt to allow its warplanes to use Egyptian bases.
El-Sissi has also cultivated close ties with U.S. President Donald Trump, however, and relations with Moscow have not been problem-free.
The bombing of a Russian airliner over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula in October 2015, which killed all 224 people on board, prompted Moscow to suspend all flights to Egypt. More than two years later, the suspension remains in force and Egyptian tourism, heavily dependent on Russian tourists, is suffering. Egypt has spent millions of dollars to upgrade security at its airports, but the Russians remain reluctant to resume flights.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Cleveland and Golden State were stretched to their limits in the conference finals this time around, leaving little time to recoup and prepare for their latest date in the NBA Finals.
“Splintered” is how Stephen Curry described what they feared could happen in the second quarter of Game 7 at Houston with the Warriors pushed to the brink by the Rockets in a thrilling West showdown.
So, Golden State held a serious team chat and got it together at last. LeBron James willed their Cavaliers back to the big stage with another spectacular performance as Kevin Love sat out.
“It was a special moment for us. And I think one that we'll look back, if we get the job done over these next two weeks, where, again, as an appreciation of all that goes into winning a championship,” Curry said Wednesday, “and doing it by committee and making sure every guy, whether you're playing well or not, or things are going your way or not, that we all bring something to the fold that have gotten us to four straight Finals.
“And we've done it by appreciating everybody that's a part of that group. I think that two and a half minutes was a special moment for us, and it should give us great momentum going into the series.”
Now, James and the Cavs and Curry and the defending champions find themselves in familiar territory facing off in a fourth straight NBA Finals — just with far less prep time given both faced new, daunting challenges and played furious Game 7s on the road to get back here.
Cavs-W's, Act IV is a little bit different, indeed.
King James stands in the way of a Warriors repeat, just as they did in spoiling that quest for Golden State and leading the Cavs to a championship two years ago with a Game 7 win on the Warriors' home court, where they have currently won 17 of the last 18 post-season games.
James never counted out Golden State.
“Just going against the Warriors in the last three years in the Finals, I kind of figured or thought that they could get it done,” they said. “Just because of the 18 of a possible 21 Finals games that I've played against them in the last three years, I figured out that they could make it happen.”
Here are some things to watch for heading into Game 1:
JAMES' SHOT: James isn't ready to make any bold predictions about how great they might be in their eighth straight Finals.
There's no doubt in their mind they will be ready when the ball tips.
“The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am,” James said. “So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK.”
NO REST FOR THE WEARY: With only two days between games after the Warriors eliminated the Rockets 101-92 on Monday night, Draymond Green is happy to have an opponent in Cleveland they know so well.
“In recent years we've been kind of having a week off, at most, to prepare for the Finals. It's almost a day to prepare this time,” they said. “So it definitely helps to know the opponent, knowing, obviously, everything stops and starts with LeBron, and trying to do what we can to make things tough on him, but also take other guys out of the game.”
The Cavs finished their series Sunday at Boston, so James spent a relaxing Memorial Day Monday with family having a barbecue.
INJURY WOES: Both teams face significant injury concerns: Golden State defensive stopper and 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala was ruled out for Game 1 with a bone bruise in their left knee, while Love remains in the NBA's concussion protocol with their status uncertain.
GOLDEN STATE AMONG GREATEST: James considers Golden State among the greatest teams ever, and insists each side has earned this. James is ignoring the critics who say this annual matchup might be bad for basketball.
“Teams have had their opportunities to beat the Cavs over the last four years and teams have had opportunities to beat the Warriors over the last four years,” James said. “If you want to see somebody else in the post-season then you've got to beat 'em.”
——
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast, File). FILE - In this Oct. 17, 2017, file photo, Chicago Cubs pitcher Jake Arrieta talks during a news conference before Game 3 of baseball's National League Championship Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers in Chicago...
(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel, File). FILE - In this Sept. 27, 2017, file photo, Kansas City Royals' Eric Hosmer (35) and Mike Moustakas (8) celebrate after they scored on a double by Alcides Escobar during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the D...
By RONALD BLUM
AP Baseball Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - A prominent baseball agent said players are angered over the slow free-agent market and suggested they consider boycotting spring training.
Brodie Van Wagenen, co-head of CAA Baseball, floated the idea in a statement released Friday, less than two weeks before spring training workouts are to start in Florida and Arizona. They also raised the possibility of a collusion grievance, as did another agent, Seth Levinson of Aces.
"The players are upset. No, they are outraged. Players in the midst of long-term contracts are as frustrated as those still seeking employment," Van Wagenen said. "I would suggest that testing the will of 1,200 alpha males at the pinnacle of their profession is not a good strategy for 30 men who are bound by a much smaller fraternity."
J.D. Martinez, Eric Hosmer, Mike Moustakas, Jake Arrieta, Yu Darvish, Alex Cobb, Greg Holland and Lance Lynn remain among the dozens of unsigned free agents.
"A boycott of spring training may be a starting point, if behavior doesn't change. Players don't receive their paychecks until the second week of April. Fine them? OK, for how much? Sue them? OK, they'll see you in court two years from now."
CAA represents more than 150 baseball players, including Robinson Cano, Yoenis Cespedes, Buster Posey, Shohei Ohtani, Adam Jones, Jacob deGrom and Noah Syndergaard.
Van Wagenen's free agents this offseason include Todd Frazier. Van Wagenen said they chose to speak out now because spring training was approaching.
"The sentiment that I'm hearing from players is that something radical may be necessary to show the other side there is unity and strength in in their frustration," they said in a telephone interview.
Spring training workouts begin Feb. 14, but participation is voluntary until the mandatory reporting date on Feb. 24 - the day after major league spring training games are to start.
Levinson praised Van Wagenen and agreed with their conclusions.
"It is disconcerting, and disheartening for clubs that are awash in revenue and or are fully capable of improving its product to choose to do otherwise," they said. "Further, it is deeply troubling to encounter that almost all clubs are operating in a strangely similar fashion. There are no coincidences in a monopoly."
Large-market teams, including the Los Angeles Dodgers and New York Yankees, are cutting payrolls to get under the $197 million threshold for luxury tax payrolls.
"Every market's different. There are different players, different quality of players, different GMs, different decisions, new basic agreement, different agents who have particular prominence in a particular market in terms of who they represent," Commissioner Rob Manfred said Thursday. "Those factors and probably others that I can't tick off the top of my head have combined to produce a particular market this year. Just like there's been some markets where the lid got blown off in terms of player salary growth, I think I can honestly suggest that occasionally you're going to have some that are a little different, not quite as robust."
New York Mets general manager Sandy Alderson, speaking to fans at Citi Field on Thursday, said analytics contributed to the slow pace of negotiations.
"Big data is the reason we've seen so little movement in the free-agent market, because as data becomes more pervasive in the game, as it has, it tends to narrow the range of different evaluations," they said. "The evaluations become much uniform."
The average salary, according to the players' association, rose 3.3 percent last year to nearly $4.1 million following an increase of just 0.35 percent in 2016, the lowest rise since 2004. The new collective bargaining agreement, the first since Tony Clark succeeded Michael Weiner as union head, added surtaxes to the competitive-balance tax and additional penalties for high payrolls, including lesser choices in the amateur draft.
"The CBT is designed to be a restraint on the spending of high-payroll clubs," Manfred said. "I think that the system, without singling out the CBT, actually is working pretty well in the sense that the standard deviation of our payrolls that are being projected next year has actually gone down significantly, suggesting that our payrolls are more compressed, top-down, the bottom-up, which we feel is important in terms of preserving the competitive balance in the game."
Clark issued a statement that did not address a boycott or a grievance.
"For decades free agency has been the cornerstone of baseball's economic system and has benefited players and the game alike," they said. "Each time it has been attacked, players, their representatives and the association have united to defend it. That will never change."
Baseball has enjoyed labor peace since a 7½-month strike in 1994-95 led to the first cancellation of the World Series in 90 years, and the labor contract runs through the 2021 season.
The players' association won three collusion grievances against the clubs for behavior toward free agents following the 1985-87 seasons, cases management settled for $280 million. Van Wagenen, a former Stanford baseball player, says current behavior by teams "feels coordinated, rightly or wrongly."
"Many club presidents and general managers with whom we negotiate with are frustrated with the lack of funds to sign the plethora of good players still available, raising further suspicion of institutional influence over the spending," they said. "Even the algorithms that have helped determine player salaries in recent years are suggesting dramatically higher values than owners appear willing to spend."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Wike: I will embark on stomach infrastructure in 2017
Okafor Ofiebor/Port Harcourt Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike has assured the people of the state that their administration will embark on extensive projects execution and ‘stomach infrastructure'programmes in 2017. In a statement by their media Assistant, Simeon Nwakaudu, Governor Wike stated that the state's share of the Paris and London Clubs Deduction Refund would be applied to aggressive projects execution in 2017 since the state government has already settled salaries and pensions. They made the disclosure during their address in the 2017 Rivers State New Year Banquet at the Government House, Port Harcourt on Sunday night.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Brisbane and Sunshine Coast-based RACQ LifeFlight Rescue helicopters have airlift a boy, man and a woman from a fatal crash on the Bruce Highway near Tiaro.
THE community has shared their support after after a horror double fatality on the Bruce Highway between Gympie and Maryborough.
Emergency services were called to the multi-vehicle collision 6km north of Tiaro about 3.10pm on Monday.
Police confirmed two people were killed. Another was seriously injured.
The community has shared condolences to not only the families and friends of those involved in the crash but also to the emergency service workers and rescue crews who were called to the scene.
Kris Herron said it was sad for the families involved and the emergency workers as well.
Millisa Solly offered condolences to the family/families involved in the tragedy.
The Bruce Highway was closed in both directions and reopened at 8:40pm on Monday.
The Forensic Crash Unit is investigating.
Crash investigators at the scene of a double fatality on the Bruce Highway two kilometres north of Tiaro. Alistair Brightman
Chronicle reader Marlene Spark offered their condolences to the family and friends of those involved.
Carolina Currie sent their thoughts and prayers to the victims and their families.
"What a terrible way to finish of the Easter holidays," they said.
Denisse Budding sent blessings to all involved in this tragedy.
Tania Huntley was saddened to hear the news.
Hippie seashell sent condolences to all the families, ambulance, and others involved in such a terrible tragedy.
"I worry so much when my family and friends travel over the holidays, everyone is in a hurry, we all need to slow down, think and be careful," they said.
Sheree Pool lives just down the road from where the tragedy happened.
"Could hear sirens going past for a good hour...helicopter flew over too," they said.
Image copyright Brian Samuelson
Lady Gaga has cancelled the last 10 dates of the European leg of their world tour due to "severe pain".
In a statement posted on Twitter, the pop star apologised to fans and said they were "devastated", but needed to put "myself and my well-being" first.
The singer has fibromyalgia, a long-term condition which can cause pain all over the body.
Shows in London and Manchester are among those affected.
In the statement, it said the "tough decision" had been made on Friday night with "strong support from their medical team".
Ticket holders can apply for a refund from 6 February, the statement added.
Image copyright Lady Gaga Image caption Lady Gaga tweeted this photo of the audience at Birmingham Arena, that they took from the stage last week
"I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it," Lady Gaga wrote. "All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music."
The European leg of their Joanne World Tour had already been rescheduled due to their condition.
The brother of Nikolas Cruz, Zachary Cruz, center, leaves the courtroom after their brother's arraignment before Broward Circuit Judge Elizabeth Scherer, Wednesday, March 14, 2018, in Fort Lauderdale. The Broward Sheriff's Office arrested Zachary Cruz Monday, March 19, 2018, and charged them with trespassing at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, the scene of last month's mass shooting by their brother Nikolas. Wilfredo Lee AP
Sergi Canos scored four times after their return to Brentford in January
Brentford winger Sergi Canos could feature for the first time this season when they face Bristol City on Tuesday.
The Spaniard has missed all three of the Bees' fixtures so far because of an ankle injury.
Bristol City left-back Joe Bryan, who played in Saturday's defeat by Birmingham City despite struggling with an ankle problem, is rated as 50-50 for the game at Griffin Park.
The Robins are still without injured forwards Matty Taylor and Milan Djuric.
Match facts
The attorney assigned to represent the Ohio man accused of plowing their car into counter-protesters in Charlottesville is a plaintiff in the lawsuit against the city regarding removal of Confederate statues. WLNI's Ian Price with more:
08-14 Fields Attorney WEB-WLNI-Voicer
Car dealership response to bum who rejected $10 an hr. as they make more money panhandling goes viral
If you were homeless, living on the streets, and begging for money on a daily basis, would you jump at the chance to take a job? What if that job offered you well over minimum wage?
Now most of us are going to nod our heads vigorously, but apparently there are some people out there who think that the money they make panhandling is worth more than an honest paycheck and the dignity of being able to make your own way in the world and not having to rely on handouts from other people.
For example…
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
A beggar in Brighton, Michigan turned down a $10.00/hr job at a car dealership, according to a sign that was put out by the dealership to warn the public against giving them any money. The reason for their refusal? The man claims that they make more money than any of the people at the location.
“Please Do Not give anything to this Panhandler. We offered them a full-time job at $10.00/HR. They said: ‘I make more money than any of you; and they did not want a job. Please donate to a more worthy cause.”
You can't help someone who won't help themselves, and it's a sad day when someone turns down a full-time job (that a lot of people in this economy would absolutely jump at the opportunity to have, by the way) in favor of begging for money from strangers. Where is your dignity? Where is your pride?
The image of the sign was posted on Reddit, where it got 60,000 views. There is nothing stronger than public shaming, and hopefully it will encourage this man to re-think their life plan and pursue a more honorable line of work. I mean, who wants to retire on money they got from begging? Not me.
Google spent years working on the augmented reality hardware known as Tango. There have been two consumer phones with Tango so far, neither of which has been a great experience. However, the company recently showed off augmented reality content running on Pixel phones without Tango hardware. It didn't have a timeline for making AR stickers available, but today appears to be the day. An update to AR core has appeared in the Play Store and the AR Stickers app is live.
ARCore is based on the work Google's been doing with Tango, but it doesn't require the same special hardware from Tango. That means it can work with "regular" Android devices. Google is first targeting the Pixels and Samsung Galaxy S8 with ARCore content, but other OEMs are also in the mix.
The AR Stickers app is now available in the Play Store, which plugs into the Pixel camera app. Just open the nav menu on the left, and tap "AR Stickers." It comes with content from Star Wars, Stranger Things, some weird food characters, the letter A (for some reason), and more. There's not a ton of content, but the stickers remain in place better than I was expecting. The AR stickers also interact with each other when you place them near each other. I got the Demogorgon to scream at R2-D2, so that's a thing now.
We've got the updated ARCore framework and the AR Stickers app on APK Mirror, but they should appear in the Play Store now as well. Note, you need Android 8.1 on your Pixel to use ARCore's new stickers.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption When the group performed at Glastonbury in June the stage was decorated with pineapples
Pineapples have appeared on a list of items banned from this year's Reading and Leeds Festivals, alongside fireworks and weapons.
Organisers said it was because fans of Oxford band Glass Animals bring hundreds of the fruit to their gigs, in a nod to song Pork Soda which includes the lyrics "pineapples are in my head".
Drummer Joe Seaward said it would be a "challenge" to get in with pineapples.
"Anyone who wasn't bringing a pineapple definitely is now," they said.
"It's fruitist. Watermelons are fine, but not pineapples?"
Image caption Fans dressed up as pineapples at the band's Glastonbury performance
When the group performed at Glastonbury in June the stage was decorated with pineapples and some fans came dressed as the exotic fruit.
Other items banned from the festivals include weapons, fireworks, drones and glass.
Where did the pineapple lyrics come from?
Frontman Dave Bayley said they overheard a conversation once between a homeless man and someone else on the street in which they thought the speaker said: "Pineapples are in my head."
In retrospect they believe they misheard, but they liked the idea which stuck with them and decided to include it in the song Pork Soda as a nod to the street scene environment.
Source: Paste music magazine
A spokesperson for Reading and Leeds Festivals said: "Organisers were a little concerned about hundreds of pineapples turning up on site so decided to ask fans not to bring them along."
They added: "The tongue may be slightly in cheek on this one."
Image copyright Reading and Leeds Fesitvals Image caption Other items banned from the festival include weapons, fireworks, drones and glass.
The BBC has asked the organisers if they have specific safety concerns about the fruit.
The annual festival will run between 25 and 27 August.
HOUSTON - Stephanie Gonzalez is giving us a sneak preview of the DASH Spring Market!
From home decor to jewelry to workshops, the DASH Spring Market has something for everyone.
More Headlines
Tickets are still available so for more info visit DashHouston.com!
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout Pause
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
Video
Some stories you might have missed.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Former Manchester United trainer Tom Curry, who died in the Munich disaster in 1968, is being honoured with a commemorative plaque on the home they lived in.
Alison and Charlie Bell found out the little-known United trainer lived at their house and talk to BBC North West Tonight about their life in football.
Video
Inmates at Holme House Prison in Stockton are getting a chance to pet a therapy dog to help them kick drugs.
Kola the four-year-old spoodle comes in several times a week.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Met Office has issued a yellow warning for ice as temperatures in Croydon are set to fall on Monday.
On Sunday evening, the forecaster said the borough could face as much as six hours of snow on Monday.
According to a forecast issued on Monday morning, temperatures are set to fall to just one or two degrees, although when wind chill is taken into account, it will feel like -4 or -5C.
The heavy snow seems most likely to arrive at around midday to 1pm, with the chance of flurries before and after then.
However, the forecast has been changing rapidly due to the bad weather conditions, so there is a chance more snow could fall.
You should also take extra care if driving as the Met Office has issued a yellow ice warning, with untreated roads and cycle paths likely to be slippy.
Drivers should take extra care when driving on roads that have not been gritted, the forecaster warned.
While the worst of the sleet and snow is expected to stop by about 5pm, temperatures will fall again in the evening, with it expected to drop to 1C and then 0C by midnight.
At this stage, Tuesday is set to be a brighter day, with temperatures dropping as low as -3C overnight, but sun expected throughout the morning and early afternoon.
However, temperatures are only expected to climb to 1C or 2C.
Wednesday is expected to be warmer, but wetter, with a high chance of rain and temperatures of up to 7C.
Thursday could be overcast, with temperatures starting to turn colder again, while there is a chance some snow and sleet could return on Friday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are searching for a man who twice punched an innocent passenger in the face at Purley station after dodging through the ticket barriers behind him, to avoid paying.
The 65-year-old male victim got off a train and was leaving the station at about 10.15pm on Monday, February 19, when a man "double shuffled" through the barriers behind them to dodge theirs fare.
The victim challenged the man on their behaviour, resulting in them getting punched on the left side of their face - causing their glasses to fall to the floor.
As they bent down to pick up their damaged glasses, they were again punched in the face.
British Transport Police (BTP) have released a CCTV image of a man they want to identify and speak to in connection with the attack at the Purley station, on Station Aprroach, off Whytecliffe Road South.
Officers believe they may have information which could help with the investigation.
Do you know them or their current whereabouts?
Anyone with information should contact British Transport Police on 0800 40 50 40 or text 61016, quoting reference 1800012343.
Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Name: Sir Tom Jones
Age: 76
Twitter: @RealSirTomJones
Best known for: Being a Welsh singing sensation and national treasure
Bio: You'd be hard pressed to find someone who didn't know who Welsh music mega star Sir Tom Jones is. Their original name was Thomas John Woodward and they were born in Pontypridd in Wales.
Their career in the music industry spans no less than six decades, during which they released numerous hit songs including It's Not Unusual, Delilah, What's New Pussycat?, Green Green Grass of Home, Kiss, She's A Lady and Sex Bomb.
He's sold millions upon millions of records, performed in Las Vegas numerous times, and in 2006 they were knighted by Queen Elizabeth II for services to music.
They were one of the original coaches on the first series of The Voice UK and remained in their spinning red seat for four years, winning the show with Leanne Mitchell in 2012.
Why wasn't Tom Jones on the Voice UK in 2016?
Well, the Welsh wonder was controversially dropped from the line-up and they aren't best pleased about it, openly criticising the BBC for their handling of the situation.
Legions of fans flocked to The Voice UK's blog to complain about their treatment of the singer, and 83% of voters surveyed by RadioTimes.com said it was a mistake to replace him.
ITV clearly thought the BBC had made a mistake too and invited Jones back when they bought the format.
Seeding and matchups in the 2017 NFL Playoff bracket for both the AFC and NFC.
The 2017 NFL Playoff bracket is set following a raucous Week 17 to conclude the regular season. It took up until Sunday Night Football to decide everything, but now it is done. All that remains is for the week to pass and the games to start being played. I'm sure that's what the 12 teams in the playoffs want as they're ready to make a run to the Super Bowl.
Between injuries to key players, breakout performances from teams and players alike, and then disappointing showing from teams thought to be contenders, this has been one of the craziest NFL seasons in recent memory. And the way that the 2017 NFL Playoff bracket shakes out certainly indicates that.
So as we prepare for the postseason, let's look at what the 2017 NFL Playoff bracket has in store for fans. We'll look at the matchups in both the AFC and NFC in addition to giving start times and more for each game. That in turn gives us a look at the seeding in each conference. What's more, we'll also see what lies ahead for the teams getting a first-round bye.
Here are the matchups that the 2017 NFL Playoff bracket holds, starting in the AFC:
AFC
Teams with first-round bye: 1. New England Patriots, 2. Kansas City Chiefs
5. Oakland Raiders at 4. Houston Texans – Saturday, Jan. 7, 4:35 p.m. ET (ESPN/ABC)
Maybe this matchup would have once been fun, but there's a reason that it's in the worst time-slot. This could potentially be Connor Cook visiting Brock Osweiler. That's the single-ply toilet paper of playoff quarterback matchups. As to who the winner will play, that truthfully depends on the results of the next matchup.
6. Miami Dolphins at 3. Pittsburgh Steelers – Sunday, Jan. 8, 1:05 p.m. ET (CBS)
More from NFL Spin Zone
This matchup is far better than the first in the AFC, hence why it gets the Sunday slot. However, an injured quarterback also hangs over this one with Matt Moore starting for the Dolphins. In terms of what could be next, the Steelers winning means they play the Chiefs in the Divisional Round on Sunday, Jan. 15 at 1:05 p.m. ET. The Dolphins winning means that they play the Patriots in the Divisional Round on Saturday, Jan. 14 at 8:15 p.m. ET. What happens for the Raiders or Texans hinges upon how the Sunday AFC Wild Card game plays out.
NFC
Teams with first-round bye: 1. Dallas Cowboys, 2. Atlanta Falcons
6. Detroit Lions at 3. Seattle Seahawks – Saturday, Jan. 7, 8:15 p.m. ET (NBC)
Though the Lions have lost three-straight coming into the playoffs, this is an intriguing affair. Detroit thrives on their offense while Seattle does so with their defense, but with a bit more balance as well. However, the fact that it's played in the Pacific Northwest could be the deciding factor. As was the case in the AFC in terms of what happens next, the Seahawks advancing means they'd play the Falcons on Saturday, Jan. 14 at 4:35 p.m. ET while the Lions advancing would set them up for another date with the Cowboys on Sunday, Jan. 15 at 4:40 p.m. ET.
5. New York Giants at 4. Green Bay Packers – Sunday, Jan. 8, 4:40 p.m. ET (FOX)
Inject this game into my veins, please. These are probably the NFL's two hottest teams in the league as the 2017 NFL Playoff bracket gets ready to be played out. So it seems fortuitous that they would clash right away. Who the winner would play solely hinges on what happens in the 3-6 matchup. But what we do know is that no one in the NFC really should feel good about having to see either of these teams.
That's what we have in store for us fans with the 2017 NFL Playoff bracket. Given the debilitating injuries throughout the league, it could be worse. We may complain abut Raiders-Texans, but there are far worse matchups that it could have been. And besides, the other three matchups could very well make up for its mediocrity.
This article originally appeared on
Posted on
Hollywood (and seemingly every other industry) is finding out that no matter how well you hide the skeletons in the closet, they'll eventually come tumbling out. The exposure of predatory men in power is satisfying, but it's also hard to stomach. So, it's nice when you are reminded that not every famous person is 100pc awful or has had awful things happen to them. Here are some celebrity stories that brightened up our day.
Sarah Silverman helps out someone who trolled them
Sarah Silverman became famous for their deliberately offensive stand-up routines, but since Donald Trump's election she's been pushing a message of compassion and peace. So when a random troll attacked them on Twitter, they saw that they had been using drugs to self-medicate and reached out to him.
“I believe in you,” they replied.
“I read ur (sic) timeline & I see what ur doing & your rage is thinly veiled pain. But u know that. I know this feeling. Ps My back F***ing sux too. see what happens when u choose love. I see it in you.”
The user, Jeremy Jamrozy, then revealed that they were lashing out because they had extreme back pain and had suffered from sexual abuse, with no support system in place. Silverman and their 12.4 million followers overwhelmed them with messages of support, with the comedian helping Jamrozy to find a chiropractor and counsellor and their fans raising money to pay for their treatment. Jamrozy is now helping others in need and speaks lovingly of their “Auntie Sarah”. Together, they proved that petty online squabbles are not the most rewarding path.
Sophia the Robot and Chrissy Teigen's hilarious (and slightly scary) interaction
Have you heard about Sophia the Robot? She's a souped-up humanoid chatbot who gets smarter over time – and throws more shade, apparently. When Sophia asked their Twitter followers to guess what city they were heading to, model Chrissy Teigen replied, “hopefully (sic) one with better makeup artists BOOM I roasted a robot next level sh*t”. Sophia – terrifyingly – remembered this, and hit them back a month later asking for some “makeup tips” while they were both at the Consumer Electronics Show. They're “friends” now, but if we find Teigen's body at Oscar Isaac's house, we'll know who is to blame…
Carrell and Clarkson finally meet, years after that scene in The 40-Year-Old Virgin
Steve Carrell cemented Kelly Clarkson's status as a superstar when they yelped their name during the chest waxing scene in The 40-Year-Old Virgin. But believe it or not, the two never met until this year's Golden Globes ceremony. Their selfie together has been liked nearly 219,000 times as of writing, and Clarkson has declared it to be “One of my favourite moments of my life!” They might have been the only one who had fun at this year's more serious awards, seeing how they also had a mini-meltdown when they met and had their face stroked by Meryl Streep. Understandable.
Actress Julia Louis-Dreyfus battles cancer with the support of their loving sons
Julia Louis-Dreyfus of Seinfeld and Veep fame has been battling breast cancer for a while now. Thankfully, they have just finished their chemotherapy treatment. Time will tell if the cancer is conquered, but it's a good step on their road to recovery. Announcing the news, they shared a sweet video tribute made by their sons on Instagram, set to the tune of Beat It. Get well soon, Julia!
An embarrassing moment for Margot Robbie and husband Tom
You know those people who tell you to dress like you're going to bump into someone important? They might be on to something, if Margot Robbie's tale of woe is anything to go by. Appearing on Ellen, they revealed that while on honeymoon in Tahiti with their husband Tom, they not only bumped into Ellen themselves (and their wife Portia DeRossi), but proud Moneygall man Barack Obama too! Unfortunately, they were all at a stretchy gym class… and Tom just happened to have their oldest, skimpiest shorts on. Their reasoning for wearing them? “Oh, c'mon. Who are we going to run into?” And lest you think no-one noticed, Ellen joked at the end of the class, “Boy, those were the wrong shorts to wear today.” There's mortifying, and then there's that…
By Marie Coady
Photo credit: Wikimedia Commons
Cam Newton, in center, with their family members Jackie (mother), on right, younger brother Caylin on left, serve a traditional Thanksgiving meal to youngsters during Cam Newton Foundation's "Cam's Thanksgiving Jam." The panthers quarterback along with members of their family and more than 50 volunteers served up a traditional Thanksgiving meal for 800 underprivileged kids held at The Fillmore on Nov. 23, 2015. Robert Lahser rlahser@charlotteobserver.com
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
The Alex Jones who told their legions of "Infowars" listeners that bogus stories about the U.S. government being behind the 9/11 attacks and about Hillary Clinton operating a pedophile ring out of a Washington D.C. pizza joint is really "a performance artist."
That's according to Jones' own lawyer — not the mainstream media that the right-wing radio jock derides as "fake news."
"He's playing a character" and is nothing like their online persona, attorney Randall Wilhite reportedly insisted in a Texas courtroom at a pre-trial hearing ahead of the right wing radio jock's custody battle with ex-wife Kelly Jones.
Alex Jones
Judging Jones by their Infowars performances would be like judging Jack Nicholson by their depiction of the Joker on "Batman," Wilhite told state District Judge Orlinda Naranjo last week, the Austin American-Statesman reported.
Kelly Jones is seeking sole or joint custody of their three children, ages 14, 12 and 9, with their ex-husband, an ardent supporter of President Trump who broadcasts from their Austin home.
"He's not a stable person," they reportedly told the court. "He says they want to break Alec Baldwin's neck. They want J-Lo to get raped."
"I'm concerned that they are engaged in felonious behavior, threatening a member of Congress," they added, referring to Jones' recent comments about Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California. "He broadcasts from home. The children are there, watching them broadcast."
There was no immediate response to Kelly Jones' claims from Jones, 43, who is also known for pushing other widely discredited claims like the moon landing was faked and the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre was staged.
Meanwhile, lawyers for the warring Joneses began seating a jury in the Travis County courthouse for what's expected to be a contentious two-week hearing, court officials confirmed.
The couple divorced in 2015. Jones reportedly pays their ex-wife $43,000 per month, according to the Austin paper.
Jones' Infowars site was a hub for anti-Clinton conspiracies during the presidential campaign and Trump publicly thanked them for their support.
"You reputation is amazing," Trump they said in December 2015. "I will not let you down."
Jones claimed later that a victorious Trump later reached out to thank them and their listeners for their support.
Why it matters to you While drawstring backpacks have always been easy, they haven't always been the sturdiest or most dependable backpacks. That all changes with the Action DB Pro.
Your childhood drawstring backpack just got a very adult makeover. Meet the Action DB Pro, a lightweight pack that promises to open, organize, protect, wear, and look better than any other backpack you've ever had. That way, you can “focus on creating more epic moments and crushing life.” Right on, bro.
While drawstring backpacks are known for being easy to use, they've generally come with about as many cons as they have pros. Sure, they're lightweight, easily stored, and transportable, but you also have to deal with tangled cords, a mess inside the pack, and that slightly juvenile aesthetic. But no longer. This is the grownup version of your favorite childhood bag.
More: Pakk aims to combine sleekness and versatility in a single camera backpack
When it comes to storage, the Action DB Pro comes with side zip pockets on both sides, tucked away on the back panel with all-weather zips. Then, there's a weather-proof jersey style zip pocket positioned against the lower back, and waist straps that double as accessory straps that you can use to carry things outside your bag.
The drawstring backpack is made of water-repellent DWR fabric and hypalon (a kind of synthetic rubber), while the “strings” are actual custom tension kernmantle ropes that promise to keep the lengths of the cords even and balanced all the time, no matter how often you open and close the bag. Even the most active adventurer will find that their Action DB Pro can keep up with activities like skateboarding, snowboarding, skiing, biking, or running. You won't have to use your hands to keep the backpack on, and can even mount a camera directly on your chest with the pack's straps.
Oh, and if you get a bit winded after running around all day, you can take a drink with the built-in hydration pack, which comes with “a wide mouth and gentle round edges” to work with any gym sack, and a centering drinking tube holder which promises to keep water flowing freely.
Already, the Action DB Pro has surpassed its initial funding goal of $20,000, though it still has 45 days left in its campaign. You can grab a pack of your own for the early bird price of $45, though we imagine inventory won't last long. Delivery is expected for July of this year.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
Jason Michael Gomez, 38, of Oklahoma City, pleaded guilty to accepting a bribe in return for committing a fraud on the United States, according to Mark A. Yancey, U.S. attorney for the Western District of Oklahoma.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Carlos Nuzman (centre) was arrested on Thursday
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has suspended its Brazilian arm amid an investigation into corruption allegations.
It also suspended the head of Brazil's Olympic committee, Carlos Nuzman, as an honorary member, and has frozen all its payments to the body.
Mr Nuzman was arrested on Thursday and is being investigated as part of a cash-for-votes probe linked to the bid for the 2016 Rio Games.
They deny all wrongdoing.
The IOC said Brazil's athletes would not be affected and they will continue to be paid.
They will also still be allowed to compete in the Winter Games in South Korea in February.
Leonardo Gryner, the Brazilian committee's director general, was also arrested on Thursday.
The inquiry - known as Operation Unfair Play - is being conducted in conjunction with French and US police.
In September, Mr Nuzman's home was searched. They were questioned and had their passport seized.
Brazilian prosecutors believe they acted as an intermediary in an alleged $2m (£1.5m) payment to Papa Massata Diack, the son of an influential Senegalese member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
It is alleged that this was done to secure the vote of Lamine Diack, who was then serving as the head of the International Association of Athletic Federations (IAAF).
All parties have denied the allegations.
Image copyright Allsport/Getty Images Image caption French prosecutors are investigating corruption in the 2016 and 2020 Olympic bids
Mr Nuzman, 72, led the committee from 1995 and headed Rio's successful bid to host the 2016 Games.
A statement from Mr Nuzman's lawyer, released last month, read: "The entire journey of the Rio Olympics, from the bid to the closing ceremony, was conducted within the law."
In June, former Rio State Governor Sergio Cabral was jailed for 14 years after participating in the embezzlement of $64m from construction contracts, including the renovation of Rio's Maracana stadium, where the 2016 opening and closing ceremonies were held.
French prosecutors announced last year that they were widening their investigation into corruption in athletics to include the bidding-and-voting processes for the hosting of the 2016 and 2020 Olympics.
Image copyright Joyce Campbell Image caption Joyce Campbell said there should be around two to three feet of grass growth at this time year - rather than just a few inches.
Farmers have warned of an impending crisis amid drought conditions in parts of Scotland.
They said land had been "scorched" during the heatwave, leaving some struggling to feed livestock.
After several weeks without significant rainfall, the lack of grass has also left some unable to make enough silage to see them through the winter.
That has led to reports of farmers selling cattle so that they have fewer mouths to feed.
Not all farmers are suffering during the heatwave however - with many soft fruit farms celebrating a bumper harvest.
NFU Scotland said early reports suggest there had been a harvest of "exceptional quality", with the warm weather fuelling increasing demand.
But Bruce McConachie, from the Spey Valley, told the BBC Scotland news website that they were facing difficulties providing animals with water after their usual supplies dried up.
Image copyright Bruce McConachie Image caption Bruce McConachie said they have never seen this ford with less than six inches (15cm) of water in it.
The beef and sheep farmer said they have "no choice" but to pump water from the nearby River Spey into specially purchased tanks.
They said that they were spending 90% their day ferrying it to their livestock - time that should have been spent on other essential farm work.
'Last option'
The first cut of silage was collected early because the grass was not growing, and it was down to about a third of what they normally collect, they added.
And a shortage of grazing means they are seriously considering feeding silage, which is normally stored for winter, to their livestock.
"A lot of people are starting to sell cattle to combat the effects of the drought so there are fewer mouths to feed," they said.
"We are not at that stage yet. But it's something we are considering as a last option."
They added: "It's a national problem. We are by no means the worst, but it's become a crisis now."
Sheep farmer Joyce Campbell, from Sutherland, said it was the driest summer they could remember - and it was shaping up to be the "perfect storm".
"I can just about remember 1976 and I've never seen anything like this," they said. "Parts that should be lush and green are brown and burned."
'Shearing late'
This year's heatwave follows a harsh winter during which Ms Campbell had to buy in extra fodder.
They said it already looked like they would be short again this winter.
Them animals are also suffering in the heat so they have had to adapt their work practices to ensure they are comfortable.
"Last week we were shearing late in the evening or early morning," they said.
But they added: "We have to roll with the punches. It's just nature, we have to deal with it."
Image copyright Joyce Campbell Image caption Joyce Campbell said this silage field should be getting cut but it is brown and burned rather than lush and green.
Gary Mitchell, a dairy farmer from near Stranraer, told BBC Radio Scotland that they were reluctant to complain about the sunny summer - but it was causing problems.
They said they cut fresh grass every day to feed to their cows but they only have two days' worth left.
'Quality of forage'
"So we'll be going into a full winter ration feed as of Friday which wasn't planned for because generally we cut grass right through until November but that grass is disappearing," they added.
Mr Mitchell, who is also the vice president of NFU Scotland, said it was proving difficult for farmers to plan ahead.
"How much forage am I going to need? Because forage stocks are at all-time low because of the winter we have just left.
"Plus the quality of forage last year wasn't very good so it is quite a problem at the minute, trying to gauge when the rain's coming."
NFU president Andrew McCornick said the dry weather had enabled a lot of farmers to cut hay and silage and graze livestock outdoors after a "dreadful" 12 months.
Image copyright Burce McConachie Image caption Bruce McConachie has had to purchase a special pump to retrieve water from the River Spey to feed their livestock
But they admitted a "spot of rain" would now be welcome.
"A little bit of moisture would be a great help to grass growth and for those who are relying on a second cut of silage, as well as our arable members who will be looking for some wet weather to swell grain as we quickly approach harvest time," they added.
"Straw supplies look like they may become an issue later on in the year and we are encouraging those who will need straw to negotiate a reasonable price sooner rather than later. With a bit of communication, both livestock and arable farmers should see a positive outcome.
"This is a critical time for farmers and crofters, as a lot of livestock members will need to plan how they use their grass very carefully over the coming months. Some will need to sacrifice silage for grazing, and vice versa. Some will also be considering the cost benefit of sending sheep and cattle out for wintering."
It came as Scots were urged to "use water wisely" as the soaring temperatures led to a surge in demand.
Scottish Water said there had been a 30% rise in demand for water - the highest experienced since the utility was formed in 2002.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — President Donald Trump sought Sunday to gloss over the difficult work ahead for lawmakers labouring to finalize tax cut legislation they can sign by their self-imposed Christmas deadline.
Trump tweeted about the pending bill before they went to their golf club in West Palm Beach for a round with Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina. Trump and Graham, who has become a regular golf partner for Trump, discussed the tax bill and upcoming budget talks after they teed off, said White House spokesperson Raj Shah.
“Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected,” Trump said on Twitter. “House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!”
Trump has set a Christmas deadline for signing the bill into law, giving lawmakers named to a special conference committee two weeks to iron out major differences in the House and Senate versions of the legislation. The conference committee has scheduled its first formal meeting for Wednesday.
Both measures would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit, combining steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals. Together, the changes would amount to the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system in 30 years, touching every corner of society.
Significant differences between the bills must be worked out before Trump can fulfil a campaign promise and score their first major legislative achievement. Republican lawmakers, including Graham, have said publicly that failure on taxes — after the embarrassing collapse of several attempts to repeal the Obama-era health care law — would be politically devastating with control of the House and Senate at stake in midterm elections next year.
“It would be a complete disaster,” Graham said in October.
The House bill collapses the seven existing personal income tax brackets to four, while the Senate version retains the seven but changes their percentages. The mortgage interest deduction is more generous under the Senate bill. There are also questions about what to do with the alternative minimum tax and how to handle the tax treatment of millions of U.S. businesses organized as “pass throughs,” as well as the federal deduction for state and local income taxes.
The Senate bill ends the requirement that most consumers buy health insurance or pay a tax penalty, while the House measure avoids the issue.
“I can think of no better Christmas present for the American people than giving you a massive tax cut. That's what's happening,” Trump said Friday night at a campaign rally in Pensacola. “I can't wait to sign that tax cut.”
Before travelling to Florida, Trump signed a spending bill Friday to avert a partial government shutdown and keep the federal government running through Dec. 22, when stopgap funding is scheduled to expire. The White House and lawmakers said the extension buys them more time to reach agreement on several end-of-year agenda items, including the budget, a children's health program and aid for hurricane-battered areas of the country.
Trump spent the weekend at their Palm Beach estate, arriving from Pensacola. They flew to Jackson, Mississippi, on Saturday to speak at the opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum and planned to return to the White Houses on Sunday night.
——
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Split screen modes divide your computer screen into two different halves, so you can view two different windows at the same time. This is immensely useful for research projects and more complex work assignments (especially on laptops), which is why so many students and professionals hunt down ways to split their screen whenever they get a new computer.
More: Your Mac has a hidden screenshot program — here's how to find it
Now for the good news: Thanks to past macOS updates, there's a very easy split screen mode called split view that anyone with an updated Mac can use. Let's go over how to do it!
Split view requirements
The split screen capability was introduced in Mac OS X 10.11 El Capitan. By now, a few additional updates of macOS have come and gone, and split view remains available in all newer versions of the operating system. If for some reason you have a Mac that hasn't been updated to El Capitan, you won't be able to use the split screen option (although frankly, that's probably the least of your worries at this point).
Exceptions: Not all apps work with split view. You'll know if it doesn't work, because the window will just go to full screen and refuse to split no matter how you try. It's hard to tell if an app works in split view until you try it. However, most Apple-sponsored apps tend to come with split view capabilities. Third party apps are less likely to have the option—for example, some Microsoft Office apps don't support split view at the moment, which can be a little frustrating.
Get started with split view
Begin by opening the Mac windows that you want to divide into a split screen. Browser windows, app windows, doc windows—any type will work (except for the asupervisorstioned caveats). Pick one window to start with, and look in the upper right corner. You should see three red, yellow and green dots that can be used to control the window.
If you hover over the right-side green dot, you'll see it has two small expand arrows. This is the button you want. Hold down on the green dot, and the window will expand/contract as needed, then slid into one half of your screen. Do not tap the green button, because this puts the window into fullscreen mode instead.
One half of your split view is done! Now select your other window that you want to split view. This window should automatically shift to cover the other side of your screen, completing the split view experience. You can tap either window to switch focus back and forth as needed.
Note: With touchpads and Magic Trackpads, it's a little harder to “hold down” the split screen button. With most setups you can hold down the button by setting two fingers on the trackpad and using a third finger to click on the split view button, which acts as a long-term press down. You may need to dive into your trackpad settings to see just how to do this. The important thing to remember is that it is possible.
Adjusting split view
Your split view doesn't have to be a half-and-half deal. Instead, you can choose which window gets more screen time. Look for the thin black bar in the middle of the screen. Click and hold that bar, and you can move it right or left to give either window more real estate. This is particularly useful if you're trying to view a large web page with odd design, or need extra space for a big spreadsheet, etc.
If you realize you prefer the windows on different sides, then click and hold one window, and drag it over to the opposite side. The windows will automatically switch places.
Also, keep in mind that shuffling between screens can get a little confusing when you're first learning how to use it. You may find a couple windows vanished to your dock or to a side menu by the time you're done. Don't worry, you probably didn't lose anything permanently, just keep looking for where Apple put it.
Exiting split view
Nothing could be simpler! When you're ready to leave split view mode, just tap on either green dot in either window. This will return both windows to their original state and allow you to resume what you were doing before you needed to split view.
A quick word about Mission Control
Do you have a lot of windows open and once and want something more comprehensive than split view to look at them all? Mission Control can help. This mode shows you all the windows you have open in a top bar while also giving you an at-a-distance look at all the windows currently on your screen.
You can access Mission Control in many ways, but one of the easiest is to simply drag a window up to the very top of your screen, which should automatically enter Mission Control mode (alternatively, Apple keyboards typically come with an F3 Mission Control button). You can enter Mission Control while in split view if you want, which is an easy way of switching split view windows as is necessary.
Humans have been trying to conquer malaria, Zika, dengue, and other mosquito-borne diseases for centuries. But with malaria alone still claiming more than 1 million lives every year, it's clear we have a long fight ahead.
But now there's a new weapon in the war against mosquitoes, and it's not a vaccine or a new insecticide — it's aerial drones.
On the east African island of Zanzibar, drones are being used to map the small, often hidden pools of water where mosquitos breed, so they can be sprayed to kill larvae before they mature.
At Rutgers University in New Jersey, engineers are developing “skeetercopters” that can detect and map mosquito-infested sites from the air — and douse them with insecticide.
Hospital surveillance camera footage captured what police left out of their report.
Two police officers in Paterson, New Jersey, went to a local hospital March 5 on reports of a man who attempted suicide, video showed — and after the man threw an object into the hallway and insulted one of the cops, the officers grabbed the man's wheelchair, punched them in the face and pushed them to the ground, according to a federal criminal complaint.
Another video (this one allegedly recorded by Officer Roger Then, 29, on their cellphone) caught the second stage of the assault, prosecutors said. At that point, the victim was in their hospital bed, video showed. Lying on their back, the suicidal man hurled an insult at an unidentified police officer. In response, that officer grabbed a pair of hospital gloves, put them on and “violently struck” the man two times, prosecutors said.
“I ain't f-----g playing with you,” the unidentified officer told the man, according to prosecutors.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Federal agents arrested Officer Then Wednesday morning on charges of conspiracy to violate civil rights by using excessive force. They also face charges for concealing the alleged crime, New Jersey U.S. Attorney Craig Carpenito said.
If convicted, the civil rights charge could land Officer Then with up to 10 years in prison, while the charge for allegedly concealing it carries as much as three years. They could also face a fine of as much as $250,000, prosecutors said.
Injuries to the victim's face and eye were so severe that they required surgery, investigators said.
The unnamed officer “is no longer on active duty” with the police department, as of April 2018, the complaint said.
The two uniformed, on-duty officers initially responded to the man's home after they attempted suicide the night of March 5, according to the complaint. As the fire department took the man to the St. Joseph's Medical Center for treatment, police went to the hospital as well.
The first incident unfolded in the waiting room, where the victim was sitting in a wheelchair, the complaint said. Meanwhile, an officer was standing at the hospital's admissions desk.
That's when the victim tossed something down the hallway, surveillance video showed. Apparently angry at the man, the officer ran toward the suicidal man “and cocked their right arm as though they were going to punch,” the complaint said. Next the unnamed officer pushed the man's wheelchair, punched them and sent them falling to the ground — still in the wheelchair, according to the complaint.
At that point, Officer Then “used their right hand to grab the victim by the back of the victim's neck and further push the victim to the ground,” the complaint said.
The second video came from the patient's room, the complaint said. Officer Then recorded themselves on camera “with a large smile across their face” and then turned the camera to show the other officer and the victim lying in the bed, according to the complaint.
“Ha, ha, b---h,” the victim told the officer, according to the complaint.
“I'm a what?” the officer responded in the video.
“Do it,” the victim said, according to the complaint.
At that point, the unnamed officer pulled on the gloves and began assaulting the man, the complaint said. During the assault, the victim used their hands to shield their face. They remained silent, the complaint said.
“Calm your ass down,” the assaulting officer said, according to the complaint.
But none of that is in the relatively short police report, the complaint said. And the officers didn't disclose the existence of the video on Officer Then's phone.
In their report, the officers wrote that the man “cut their left wrist with a boxcutter” but that the injury “was non life threatening.” They described the man as “combative,” writing that they began to “throw medical glove boxes at the staff.” The officers wrote that they and security staff “restrained” them so they could be taken for a psychiatric evaluation, according to the complaint.
“It should be noted these officers were advised by the medical staff that [the victim] has a history psychiatric issues,” the officers wrote in their report, according to the criminal complaint against Officer Then.
Paterson Police Director Jerry Speziale told NBC New York they couldn't offer comment on the incident because an investigation into it is ongoing.
“This is not indicative of the Paterson Police Department,” Speziale told the Paterson Times, adding that the city's department began the investigation with the FBI hoping to “clean house.”
Officer Then's arrest is the fourth in the department in recent months, the Bergen Record reports. The other arrests were not related to the incident involving Officer Then.
Image copyright Welsh government Image caption Four firms have been shortlisted for the franchise and the right to create the South Wales Metro
A £1bn funding row could lead to a rushed job in getting the "right deal" for the future rail network in Wales, a leading transport expert has warned.
The UK government has threatened to put bids for the Wales and Borders network on hold amidst a dispute with the Welsh Government.
But Professor Stuart Cole said any delay could leave ministers just three months to secure the right deal.
They said the deal was "complex" as it included the South Wales Metro.
The bidders for the next franchise - Abellio, Arriva, KeolisAmey and MTR - had been due due to submit tenders on 18 August.
In a leaked letter, released on Sunday, the UK Secretary of State for Transport Chris Grayling said they wanted the date moved back to 26 September while a dispute over who gets cash for rail improvements is settled.
The current operator of the network, Arriva Trains Wales, pays an annual rebate of about £67m to the Department for Transport (Dft) - which is then given to Network Rail for improvements. It amounts to about £1bn over the 15-year course of the contract.
But the Welsh Government say it should get the cash when it gains responsibility for the franchise when it is devolved to Wales from 2018.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Chris Grayling told Welsh Transport Secretary Ken Skates they could not "cut corners" before they approve the tender stage proceeding
Prof Cole, professor of transport for the University of South Wales, told BBC Radio Wales' Good Morning Wales the funding row could push back the handing of rail powers to Cardiff Bay to September.
They said this would leave the Welsh Government with just three months to secure the deal for the 15 year contract - if it wanted to announce the winner in January and taking Christmas out of the equation.
"It's not just a very simple franchise as normal there's also things like electrifying the valleys line to really work out" they added.
They said there were "complex elements to do with infrastructure and not just running the trains" that needed to be worked out as part of the deal and they were concerned getting it wrong could affect rail passengers.
"We have to have the right franchise this time," they added.
"We didn't get it right last time [with Arriva Train Wales], we need the right franchise and that will take, in my view, more than three months."
Filmmaker Rohit Dhawan and Jaanvi Desai Dhawan welcome baby girl! As per sources, Janvi delivered a healthy baby. Varun Dhawan took to their Instagram account to share a picture from the baby shower of their sister-in-law that took place few months back. Rohit Dhawan is Varun Dhawan's elder brother. The newbie father will soon be helming with helming a film with Hrithik Roshan and Disha Patani playing the leads.
Bollywood welcomes another baby to the town and this time its the Dhawan family! Filmmaker Rohit Dhawan and their wife Jaanvi Desai Dhawan have become proud parents to guess what? a baby girl! Although the Dhawan family is num but on Tuesday, Janvi delivered a healthy baby and the entire family including David Dhawan and Varun Varun Dhawan are super excited to bring the baby home. Janvi had a baby shower a few months back and several celebrities were spotted visiting the house. Brother-in-law Varun Dhawan too shared a picture from the baby shower.
💙👶 A post shared by Varun Dhawan (@varundvn) on Apr 16, 2018 at 11:36pm PDT
David Dhawan's elder son, Rohit Dhawan directed Dishoom which their brother Varun Dhawan, John Abraham and Jacqueline Fernandez. As per sources, they will soon be helming a film with Hrithik Roshan and Disha Patani playing the leads. Superstar Varun Dhawan even wished their adorable sister a Happy Mother's Day on Instagram. They wrote, “With the beautiful mommy to be happy Mother's Day. Also thank you @fossil for the gift”
On the other hand, October star Varun Dhawan has started shooting for their upcoming drama Kalank that will star Madhuri Dixit Nene and Alia Bhatt. Ek Do Teen girl has stepped into the shoes of Sridevi Boney Kapoor for Karan Johar's film. Varun Dhawan took to their official Twitter handle to share a few images from the film sets. “#KALANK is a film Karan wanted to direct 15 years ago. Now 15 years later that dream will be realised. Feel honoured that I can be a part of this huge ensemble and Karan's dream film directed by #Abhishek. happy to do my 3rd film with #SajidNadiadwala and thankful for the support,” the actor tweeted. Sonakshi Sinha and Aditya Roy Kapur will also be seen in playing a romantic couple in the film. They were also seen posing for a picture together on the first day of their film's shoot.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
HALIFAX — Christopher Garnier had exercised their right to remain silent 64 times.
For hours after police arrested them for the murder of Catherine Campbell, Garnier had said little that might have implicated them in the death of the off-duty police officer.
“I don't know what to do. I have to listen to my lawyer,” Garnier said through tears. “I don't want to say anything.”
The interrogation video, played to the jury last week at Garnier's second-degree murder trial, offers insight into the tactics employed by police when questioning a suspect. It took two officers nearly six hours before Garnier began to talk about what happened.
The officers — a brawny man in a suit and a pony-tailed woman in plain clothes — appealed to Garnier's morals, telling them that they were a “good guy” who made a mistake, before shifting to a harsher approach.
Finally, Cpl. Jody Allison said to Garnier with an accusatory tone: “Don't tell me they were still alive when you put them in the compost bin.”
Garnier sobbed as they replied: “No… They aren't moving. They aren't breathing.”
The 30-year-old man eventually told police that they watched Campbell bleed from their nose and that they “could hear them take their last breaths” on a pullout couch inside a Halifax apartment in the early hours of Sept. 11, 2015. They described putting their hands around their neck, and removing them when they heard two gasps.
Garnier had met Campbell in a downtown bar. The Crown alleges they punched and strangled the 36-year-old Truro, N.S., police constable in a McCully Street apartment and used a compost bin to dispose of their body near Halifax's Macdonald Bridge. The defence has put forth a hypothetical scenario suggesting Campbell died during a consensual sexual encounter after encouraging Garnier to choke them
The trial continues Monday.
Playing the tape for jurors last week, Allison told them that they tried to “build a relationship” with Garnier.
They were arrested by police early on Sept. 16, 2015, around the same time Campbell's body was found face down in thick brush. They were interviewed by police later that day for nine hours and 24 minutes.
Garnier can be seen walking into a small interview room at 1:02 p.m., after sleeping for several hours and eating a few bites of a burger and fries from McDonald's, the jury heard last week.
Dressed in a T-shirt and pants, they sit down on a computer chair in the back right corner of the room, placing their hands on their lap, one on top of the other.
“Things went sideways on you, but you're a good guy,” Allison tells Garnier in a comforting voice. “I don't think it was your intention for it to end up like it did.”
Allison mentions Garnier's background as a firefighter and in occupational health and safety. They tell them he's a hard worker, and notes Campbell was a volunteer firefighter: “Same thing as you — good people.”
In the taped interview, they show Garnier evidence collected by police, including video of a man rolling a compost bin away from the back of the McCully Street flat. Allison passes Garnier a photo of Campbell, their blonde hair down in front of them shoulders.
“She's not with us anymore,” said Allison, referring to images spread out chaotically on a table between them throughout the interview.
“You're downtown dancing. They have their legs wrapped around you, and a few hours later, this. How did it get from that point? How did it go from something where you just thought you were going to hook up, to that?”
Allison asks if they realized what he's putting their girlfriend through. The jury has heard Garnier and their girlfriend broke up on Sept. 10, 2015, and made up the next day, hours after the alleged murder.
They show Garnier a video of their girlfriend — who police had spoken to following Garnier's arrest — crying and telling someone they needed support.
The video of their girlfriend was stopped, but Garnier asks Allison to play more.
“I just wanted to hear their voice,” said Garnier, sobbing.
The officer says: “Don't let this be the judge of your life. You made a mistake.”
“I worked so hard to try and make my parents proud and to provide for (my girlfriend) so I can start a family,” Garnier replied.
After a few hours, Allison's tone changes.
“There's no doubt in my mind that you're responsible for their death,” they said accusingly.
They talk about how Campbell's death has affected others — Campbell's loved ones and their own family, saying “Her mom and dad are destroyed. They're done. Your parents are destroyed.”
“There is an explanation. There is a reason this happened,” they say to Garnier in a harsh tone. “Her family deserves an explanation.”
Garnier asks to use the washroom just after 5 p.m., and when they return, Det. Const. Michelle Dooks-Fahie takes over the interview, speaking to Garnier in a soft voice.
“Show us that you didn't mean for this to happen,” said Dooks-Fahie, sitting close to Garnier and sometimes putting their hand on their shoulder, or holding their hand. “Show me you're not a bad person, Chris. Show people this happened in an instant.”
“I'm sorry. I can't,” Garnier says.
Allison re-enters the room.
They tell Garnier they were speaking with investigators and knows what Garnier had in the car when they were arrested, including their passport and toiletries. They tell the two officers: “I was going to go somewhere. I don't know where.”
“I don't know what I was thinking. I don't want to lie to you,” Garnier cries.
And then, something shifts. Asked if Campbell was alive when they went into the compost bin, Garnier replies “No.”
“Did they suffer, Chris?” Allison said.
“I don't think,” replied Garnier.
“How do you know they didn't suffer? Was it over quick?” the interrogator asked.
“I think so. They aren't moving. They aren't breathing.” Garnier says, stuffing their hands into their face and sobbing.
They then opens up about their recollections of the night, but repeatedly tells officers that their memories are fuzzy.
Garnier said they remember being with them in the Halifax Alehouse, a wood-panelled pub just below Citadel Hill where the two had met, but didn't remember who approached who, or going back with them to the McCully Street apartment.
They then recalls standing at the foot of the pullout couch as Campbell bled from their nose, their head at the foot of the bed. They said they may have hit them
“I didn't know how to say it. I've been trying to remember what happened,” said an inconsolable Garnier.
For a few hours, they talk out details they say he's able to remember, and ones they can't.
“I wouldn't have hit them a bunch of times,” Garnier said when asked how many times they were punched, noting their hands were not sore.
“I feel like at this point I'm telling you what you want to hear…. If I knew, I'd tell you. I have no reason to hold anything else back at this point.”
They eventually tell the officers that their hands were on their neck, and that they removed them when they heard gasps. They were asked to describe how their hands were on Campbell's throat, and held their hands out in front of him, their fingers fanned out and their thumbs touching.
“To get that off your chest, it must feel better,” Allison said reassuringly.
At about 9:30 p.m., Allison tells them there is a pen and a piece of paper on the table, and the officers leave the room.
Left alone, Garnier takes a long drink of water and hugs their arms into their stomach, gazing towards the floor before picking up the pen.
“If I could give my own life to get theirs back, I would,” they wrote in blue pen on lined paper in a letter addressed to Campbell's loved ones.
“I don't expect you to forgive me for what happened, so I won't ask for your forgiveness… I only hope this will give you some closure.”
Garnier sits back in the chair and takes a bite of a sandwich wrap. They rub their eyes.
The officers return to the room and Allison reads the letter aloud, as Garnier sits with a bottle of water clutched in their hands. They ask them a few more questions before informing them that the interview was over.
Garnier leaves the room at 10:26 p.m.
Last week, defence lawyer Joel Pink noted Garnier exercised their right to remain silent 64 times during the interview. Under cross-examination, Allison did not dispute that number.
Garnier has pleaded not guilty to second-degree murder and interfering with a dead body.
Follow @AlyThomson on Twitter.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sir Martin Sorrell
WPP has threatened to take away share awards worth millions from its former chief executive Sir Martin Sorrell over their rival bid for digital production company MediaMonks.
The share awards are potentially worth about £20m, Sky News reported.
Dutch firm Mediamonks is facing takeover bids from both WPP and Sir Martin's new S4 Capital venture.
A source close to Sir Martin told the BBC: "I would say WPP are trying to muddy the waters, stir things up".
Speaking on condition of anonymity, the source said that WPP's lawyers had written to Sir Martin claiming that was likely to be in breach of their confidentiality obligations.
They added: "If WPP is going to start some sort of procedural process, Sir Martin will fight it. But this guy is worth £400m to £500m.  They are not going to allow £20m to stand in the way what they are trying to do."
They described relations between Sir Martin and the advertising company they founded, WPP, as "obviously not very good."
They added: "He is not out to damage WPP.  They are still one of the largest, if not the largest private shareholder in WPP, so why would they want to do that?"
Sir Martin bought WPP in 1985 and turned it into the world's biggest advertising and media company with revenues of £15bn.
However, they stepped down as chief executive in April after the board said it was investigating claims of misconduct.
There were allegations relating to the use of company funds to pay for a prostitute, which Sir Martin has denied.
WPP later said its board had appointed independent counsel to conduct the investigation.
Within weeks of leaving WPP, Sir Martin had bought a shell company, and renamed it S4 Capital.
They described it as "a company that aims to build a multinational communication services business focused on growth."
MOSCOW — The leader of Chechnya has lashed out at international organizations that have strongly criticized the Russian region for reportedly persecuting and killing gays.
Chechen regional leader Ramzan Kadyrov speaks to journalists in Chechnya's provincial capital Grozny, Russia on Dec. 28, 2015. Musa Sadulayev / AP, file
The respected newspaper Novaya Gazeta reported two weeks ago that gay men were being detained and beaten in Chechnya and said at least three had been killed.
Since then, international rights groups have denounced the claimed violence and asked Russia to intervene.
Related: Pleas for Help From Gay Men in Chechnya on Rise, Russian Group Says
Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov said on their social media account Sunday that they had met with the region's human rights council and proclaimed that rights have undergone a "grandiose" improvement in Muslim-majority Chechnya.
Kadyrov says international organizations are conducting a "massive information attack ... using the most unworthy methods, reality is distorted, attempts are being made to blacken our society, lifestyle, traditions and customs."
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Image caption An archive photograph shows inside North Wales Hospital in Denbigh
Denbigh's sprawling Victorian asylum has been torched, vandalised and has fallen into a derelict state while wrangling about its future has continued for three decades. Here, we look back on its past amid new hope that development work could, finally, get under way.
Built between 1844 and 1848, North Wales Hospital was designed to provide care for up to 200 Welsh-speaking people suffering from mental illnesses.
However, by the mid-20th Century it housed about 1,500 patients, boasting its own farm and therapeutic workshops.
As medical and public opinion turned against Victorian-style asylums, it was first earmarked for closure by then-minister for health, Enoch Powell, as early as the 1960s.
Yet it took until 1987 for the recommendation to be implemented, with the last patients leaving in 1995.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage showing the hospital in 1986, around the time its closure was agreed
It was sold to private firm Freemont, but as plans to redevelop the site into mixed-use commercial and residential units floundered, the condition of the buildings quickly deteriorated.
In November 2008, the main hall in the building was destroyed in a blaze which required 50 firefighters to bring it under control.
Three years later in 2011, Denbighshire council was forced to step in to carry out £1m of emergency safety work despite issuing Freemont with a repairs notice.
As looting and vandalism continued, in 2013 the council voted to initiate a Compulsory Purchase Order (CPO) for the hospital.
A High Court appeal by Freemont failed in 2015, and later that year the order was rubber-stamped by the Welsh Government.
In 2016, the council approved development plans by the Prince's Regeneration Trust for business units, 34 apartments and 200 houses to be built within the grounds.
Image copyright Catherine Harmsworth Image caption A fire at hospital broke out earlier this month
However, as legal issues continued, the grounds were hit by fires in February and July 2017 and the damage led to a wing of the main building being demolished.
Last month, a new company, Signature Livings, revealed plans to build residential homes and two hotels on the site.
But before the proposals could even be submitted to the council, another blaze broke out on 4 April.
The council has described the ongoing compulsory purchase as "a lengthy legal process".
But it said it was "determined to do whatever is necessary to secure the redevelopment of this strategically important listed building".
It's been less than a month since Donald Trump took office, and the 45th president has already signed a dozen wide-ranging executive orders, hoping to fulfill a number of their campaign promises.
Surrounded by staff during Oval Office photo opportunities, Trump signed the burst of orders within just their first three weeks to undo many of President Barack Obama's regulatory policies.
Anti-open grazing law: Suspected Fulani herdsmen threaten Gov Ortom
AMIDST protest from Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria, a socio-cultural organisation of Fulani herdsmen against the anti-open grazing law recently assented to by Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State, suspected herdsmen have started threatening the life of the governor. The governor, who disclosed this while responding to a peaceful protest against Miyetti Allah […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – ETH/USD Breaks Key Support
Key Highlights An increase in the bearish pressure ignited a downside break below $360 in ETH price against the US Dollar. There was a break below yesterday's highlighted a cluster of bullish trend lines with supports at $360, $350 and $345 on the hourly chart of ETH/USD (data feed via SimpleFX). The pair just managed … Continue reading Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – ETH/USD Breaks Key Support
The post Ethereum Price Technical Analysis – ETH/USD Breaks Key Support appeared first on NEWSBTC.
This post was syndicated from NEWSBTC. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A young Iranian who was arrested, convicted and sentenced to death as a child was executed Thursday, a semi-official news agency in Iran reported.
Human rights group Amnesty International called the killing of Alireza Tajiki "shameful."
Tajiki was 15 years old when they were arrested six years ago for murder and sodomy.
Ana.ir quoted general prosecutor of Shiraz city Ali Salehi as saying the execution took place Thursday morning and was "legal."
Ali said Tajiki had a "fair and just" prosecution and that Iran's Supreme Court upheld the death sentence following an appeal, the news outlet reported.
Under Iranian law, murder, rape, sodomy and armed robbery are punishable by death.
Separately, authorities arrested six young people for promoting Zumba, the Latin-inspired dance exercises, and other types of exercise, according to local media.
The reported arrests are part of Iran's decades-long crackdown against influences of Western culture. In June, Iran banned Zumba and other exercises considered un-Islamic.
Thursday's report says the six included two women. They were arrested by the powerful Revolutionary Guard in the town of Shahroud, about 250 miles east of the capital, Tehran.
Oklahoma head coach Bob Stoops knows better than anyone that for their team to win the Sugar Bowl for a second time in four season the Sooners must run the football and stop Auburn from doing the same.
The two keys are the same for both OU and Auburn in the 83rd annual Sugar Bowl: run the football and stop the run. Everything else in the game will stem from that very simple formula.
The Big 12-champion Sooners are playing in their 50th postseason bowl game all-time and looking for their sixth win in eight Sugar Bowl appearances.
“Every year, it's important to win your last game,” said Stoops in a press conference held on Sunday on the eve of this season's New Year Six Sugar Bowl contest between No. 7 Oklahoma and No. 14 Auburn. “It makes for a better, you know, out of season.”
The OU head coach was asked about the challenge of slowing down Auburn's outstanding running game:
“They've (Auburn) got a lot of motion. A lot of distractions to try to get you out of your space or get your eyes in the wrong place, with a big physical back (Kamryn Pettway) that is back and healthy,” Stoops said. “That's another challenge just with their strength and size.
“It will take a lot of discipline defensively to be where we need to be. Then we're going to need to tackle well and be physical.” –OU head coach Bob Stoops
“It will take a lot of discipline defensively to be where we need to be, and then we're going to need to tackle well and be physical.
The Oklahoma offensive line is going to face and equally strong challenge going toe to toe with a big, strong and highly talented Auburn defensive front when the Sooners have the ball.
“Our (offensive) line has done an excellent job through the year of jelling as we went through the season, (and) got better and better,” Stoops said to reporters on Sunday. “We're going to face a great defensive line. Two guys that really stick out there are (Carl) Lawson and (Montravius) Adams. But all the guys that rotate in there with them really do an excellent job; so very physical and active up front.
“In the end, it gets down to blocking, tackling and executing,” said the Sooner head coach of 18 seasons.
On Monday night, the team that performs these fundamental skills best will be celebrating after a Sugar Bowl win.
More from Stormin in Norman
This article originally appeared on
Donald Trump Jr., then-candidate Donald Trump and others in the Trump organization received the email on Sept. 14, 2016.
Donald Trump Jr., then-candidate Donald Trump and others in the Trump organization received the email on Sept. 14, 2016.
Betsy Rutenberg Davis lives in California but grew up in Gadsden, AL, the hometown of judge Roy Moore, and is friends with Leigh Corfman, the woman who said Moore sexually assaulted them when they were 14.
Betsy Rutenberg Davis lives in California but grew up in Gadsden, AL, the hometown of judge Roy Moore, and is friends with Leigh Corfman, the woman who said Moore sexually assaulted them when they were 14.
In the EPA's strategic plan, “climate change resilience” is gone, along with links on how to adapt to climate change. Administrators posted the site is being updated “to reflect EPA's priorities under the leadership of President Trump.”
In the EPA's strategic plan, “climate change resilience” is gone, along with links on how to adapt to climate change. Administrators posted the site is being updated “to reflect EPA's priorities under the leadership of President Trump.”
Wounded by allegations of sexual misconduct with teens, Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore has largely disappeared from the traditional campaign trail in the race for U.S. Senate, relying on surrogates and social media.
Wounded by allegations of sexual misconduct with teens, Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore has largely disappeared from the traditional campaign trail in the race for U.S. Senate, relying on surrogates and...
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown, among other issues.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown, among other issues.
Start the clock for Trump, GOP in last push on taxes, budget
Start the clock for Trump, GOP in last push on taxes, budget
(AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File). In this June 21, 2016, file photo, Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., listens at a U.S. monetary policy meeting on Capitol Hill in Washington.
(AP Photo/Brynn Anderson, File). In this Dec. 5, 2017, photo, former Alabama Chief Justice and U.S. Senate candidate Roy Moore speaks at a campaign rally, in Fairhope Ala.
By BILL BARROW and KIM CHANDLER
Associated Press
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) - Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
In truth, the matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
"This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for," Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that their campaign "is on the right side of history." At an earlier appearance, they declared Alabama is "at a crossroads" and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to "create conflict and division."
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
"Elect a responsible man to a responsible office," Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. "I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom," said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, "will be a whole new bottom."
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that they did not vote for Moore, saying they wrote in another "distinguished" party figure they declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that they molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
"Everyone has to vote their convictions," said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as they held their Bible outside their Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. "My conviction is he's the right man for the job."
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands "on the word of God." Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help them "defeat the elite," a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny them the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump themselves are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
"If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold," Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones "a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer," the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. "Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda," the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as "the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore."
-----
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Video
In September 1993, on the lawn of the White House in Washington, an agreement was signed to bring about peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
In the months leading up to the historic handshake between Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, Norway had been instrumental in the negotiations.
Mona Juul, Norway's Ambassador to the UK, spoke to the BBC World Service's Witness programme about being part of the team that planned and orchestrated the secret meetings that culminated in the signing of the Oslo Accords.
Witness: The stories of our times told by the people who were there.
A report from the American Lung Association shows Wisconsin is falling behind in several key areas the organization says are important to reducing tobacco use. The State of Tobacco Control report looks at several factors – such as funding for tobacco prevention and treatment programs. Wisconsin received a grade of “F” for its current level […]
Source: WRN.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
WASHINGTON — The House Intelligence Committee is considering whether to subpoena Donald Trump Jr. to appear before the panel again in an effort to get more answers from President Donald Trump's oldest son, Rep. Jim Himes, D-Conn., a member of the committee, said Sunday.
Donald Trump Jr. voluntarily spent Wednesday in a closed-door meeting with lawmakers on the panel, but Himes noted that the committee has used a rule of not forcing testimony from those who speak with them on a voluntary basis.
“We may need to sort of subpoena them or get them back under a compulsory process” Himes said on “Meet The Press.”
After the questioning wrapped, multiple members of the committee reported that Trump Jr. tried to use the defense of “attorney-client privilege” to avoid having to describe conversations with their father about their meeting last year with a Russian lawyer at Trump Tower. Neither President Trump nor their son are attorneys.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Full Himes Interview: 'We've seen a lot of contact' between Russia and Trump Campaign 8:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Himes said Trump Jr. was largely "forthcoming" in their interview, but "because of the sort of novel claim of privilege, we don't know what happened in that conversation."
They added that a focus of the committee's investigation has turned to what happened after that Trump Tower meeting in June of 2016 and whether communication between Russians and the Trump campaign progressed, but they were careful to say that it's still a question whether there was any "collusion" between the Trump campaign and Russia to try and influence the election.
“The question before us now is what happened afterwards,” Himes said. “Was there follow-up? Was dirt conveyed in any way, shape, or form and was it used? Because of course, we've seen a lot of contact, we've seen desire to get dirt, desire to work with Russians, desire to contact the Russians. The question is, was there some form – and it is a question, I don't want to prejudice the outcome – was there cooperation?”
Himes on Sunday also praised the work of the investigation's chairperson, Republican Rep. Mike Conaway of Texas, who took over leading the House investigation after Intelligence Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes stepped aside earlier this year.
Nunes this week was cleared of any wrongdoing in a House Ethics Committee probe looking into whether they disclosed any classified information.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Himes: 'Zero evidence' Susan Rice improperly unmasked anyone 0:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Himes said they would only like to welcome Nunes back as the investigation's chair if Nunes was willing to “drop the role that they have played” on investigating improper unmasking, a pursuit Himes called “nakedly political.”
“I like and respect Devin but sadly they have devoted themselves in the last couple months to these things that I regard as distractions: wiretapping of Trump Tower, 'is the FBI being forthcoming about the Steele dossier.' I think they would need to drop all of those distractions and come back in an impartial way, the way Mike Conaway has steered this investigation.”
Join TAB in the SUB North Plaza from 11 to 12:30 on April 24th to learn about on and off campus organizations that are working to make Lubbock more environmentally friendly!
Carpool Karaoke fans were treated to a teaser of the new standalone series at the Grammys on Sunday night, and now an extended and glorious full-length trailer has been released.
The new show is based on James Corden's The Late Late Show's hit segment, in which the 38-year-old star whizzes around Los Angeles belting out popular tunes with various musicians.
The spin-off primarily pairs two celebrities together joining unlikely couples like Ariana Grande and Seth MacFarlane, John Legend and Alicia Keys, and Metallica and Billy Eichner, for some dazzling duets.
As the trailer shows, the celebs will go on some epic adventures and will venture out of the car, taking some of Hollywood's hottest celebrities into bakeries, supermarkets and basketball courts.
There are also some hilarious revelations including one from John Legend that he's often mistaken for Pharell Williams.
"Old white women think I'm Pharrell sometimes", they tell Alicia Keys.
Corden will still make the odd appearance in the most musical car (helicopter) in town with the trailer showing them nailing The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air theme song with the man himself.
If the crown fits! James Corden and Will Smith take Carpool Karaoke in another level
The first season of Carpool Karaoke will feature 16 celebrity pairings. A release date has yet to be announced.
Meanwhile Ed Sheeran will be the next star to sit in the passenger seat for James Corden's carpool karaoke segment which continue's on their late night US talk-show.
The Shape of You hitmaker was snapped in Los Angeles strumming on their guitar seated next to the chat show host in a car rigged with numerous cameras.
Ed looking for some booty advice from Beyoncé at the Grammys
Sheeran recently revealed that they have been in contact with Corden for the past three years about doing carpool karaoke but said that that they might get embarrassed singing their own songs and try something a little more gangsta and dirty instead.
"I know the whole thing is singing to your tune, but I think I'd feel a bit awkward singing to my song. I think I just wanna put on some Biggie [Smalls].
"Well I wanna put on something really awkward and dirty, like Biggie's song Big Booty Hoes".
Getty Image
Jermaine Fowler was named to Variety‘s 10 comics to watch list in 2016, and in 2017, we're all getting the chance with Fowler starring alongside Judd Hirsch in CBS' Superior Donuts as an energetic artist/donut shop clerk and as a stand-up comic opposite Pete Holmes in HBO's Crashing, which premieres on Sunday.
Fowler was nice enough to take some time to add their answers to the Uproxx questionnaire series and to reveal that Lupe Fiasco has made them cry, Redman changed their lives, and that he'd like to do the same for Nic Cage.
1. You walk into a bar. What do you order from the bartender?
Pineapple juice.
2. Who's your favorite person to follow-on Twitter and/or Instagram?
The Rock on Instagram and Aretha Franklin on Twitter.
3. What's currently waiting for you on your DVR?
I don't have a DVR. Smartass.
4. It's your last meal — what are you going out with?
I'm not answering this question during Black History Month.
5. What websites do you visit on a regular basis?
Forbes, Fast Company, Box Office Mojo, Complex, Fandango, Jermainefowler.com.
6. What's the most frequently played song on your mobile device?
“4r Da Squaw” by Isaiah Rashad. It used to be “LAXTasy” by Brandon DeShay until I updated my damn iPhone. I'm still pissed.
7. If you could go back and give your 18-year-old self one piece of advice what would it be?
She's gonna dump you, don't answer the phone!
8. What's the last thing you Googled?
“is Kevin Durant a Deer?”
9. Dogs or cats?
I don't think it's fair that I have to choose. Though, if I had to…PITBULL PUPPIES!
DAN BARNES
That Joannie Rochette and Jennifer Robinson should glide into the Skate Canada Hall of Fame together makes perfect sense.
Over a 15-year stretch beginning in the early 1990s, they were at or near the pinnacle of women's skating in Canada. Robinson won five consecutive national titles and six overall, before Rochette reeled off six in a row. Only one woman, the late Constance Wilson-Samuel, won more Canadian championships, with nine during the 1920s and '30s.
“I think it's pretty cool because when I first got on the team, Jennifer was our national champion,” Rochette said Monday, after Skate Canada announced the eight inductees for 2017.
“I remember my first nationals at the senior level. I came third and they won. Of course I have always been looking up to them They were always kind of pushing the limits for Canadian ladies. I think they really inspired a lot of Canadian girls, including me. It's pretty cool to be in the same year as her.”
A fairly clear line of succession can be drawn from Karen Magnussen and Lynn Nightingale to Kay Thomson, Liz Manley and Josée Chouinard, to Robinson and Rochette, and on to current champ Kaetlyn Osmond.
Rochette, 31, learned of their induction about three weeks ago, and it came as a surprise.
“I wasn't expecting it that soon. I haven't been skating much for the last year, so I kind of feel that I'm out of the skating loop.”
They retired from international skating in 2010. Robinson last competed for Canada in 2004, and they too are taken aback by the honour.
“I couldn't believe it, actually. It's not something you ever expect,” said Robinson. “And I was thrilled. You kind of get flushed and red and excited and embarrassed all at the same time because it's really big news.”
The 40-year-old shared it with husband Shane Dennison and their two daughters, six-year-old Rilyn and seven-year-old Reese.
“My two young daughters, they don't know much about me as a skater,” said Robinson. “They know that I did skate. It's kind of a neat thing that they can see who is a momma used to be.”
On the ice and off, Robinson and Rochette were the epitome of grace and poise. They both retired on their own terms, after fulfilling careers, and are happily moving forward. Robinson served on city council in Barrie, Ont. and has returned to coaching at a club in Eganville, Ont., while Rochette is studying medicine at McGill University in Montreal.
“It was everything I wanted since I was eight and I achieved it,” Robinson said when asked to reflect on their Hall of Fame career. “I carry my memories and experiences and the ups and downs close to my heart, but as life moves on you don't tend to look back on your career and think, wow, that was pretty cool. It's a nice surreal moment to think about that.”
The induction has also caused Rochette to reflect on their starry achievements, which include Olympic bronze and world championship silver.
“It's a great time to realize it was really teamwork, what Skate Canada did for their athletes through the years, all the volunteers, all the coaches. This honour is shared with my coach Manon (Perron) and my whole team of support from my hometown who came to so many of those national championships.”
Both Robinson and Rochette pointed to an Olympic experience as one of their career highlights. Robinson was seventh in 2002.
“It was a tremendous moment,” they said. “There are very few things in life that live up to the hype and being part of an Olympic team, representing Canada on the Olympic stage, it surpassed my expectations. Not only from the standpoint of competing well, all the other stuff that went into it and being a part of a multi-sport Olympic team.”
Rochette won bronze in 2010 in Vancouver, just days after their mother Thérèse died.
“Winning an Olympic medal has always been my biggest dream. The way it happened was definitely not what I was dreaming about, losing my mother two days before. But I would say it's one of the proudest moments of my career.”
Also in the Skate Canada class of 2017 are coaches Josée Picard and Éric Gilles; Ron Vincent, a coach and advocate for coaching instruction; Hamilton Spectator columnist Steve Milton; and coaches Sadie and Albert Enders, who are being inducted posthumously.
Jennifer Robinson
Age 40
Born in Goderich, Ont.
Worlds – 19th, 21st, 18th, 8th, 15th, 9th, 9th, 14th
Olympics – 7th in 2002 in Salt Lake City
Canadians – 2nd, 1st, 3rd, 3rd, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 3rd
Joannie Rochette
Age 31
Born in Montreal
Worlds – 17th, 8th, 11th, 7th, 10th, 5th, 2nd
Olympics – 5th in 2006 in Turin, bronze in 2010 in Vancouver
Canadians – 3rd, 2nd, 2nd, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st
0:36 Rep. Chris Corley suggests Confederate flag be replaced with a white flag of surrender Pause
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
4:56 S.C. Rep. Chris Corley posts bond on domestic violence and gun charges
0:56 Baby needs a new home
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
Video
Drones capable of detecting sharks and helping save stranded swimmers are being used by lifeguards in Australia.
The Westpac Little Ripper drones use the artificial intelligence software, Shark Spotter, to distinguish between sharks and other marine life. An on-board siren warns swimmers of a nearby shark.
Human lifeguards still need to physically retrieve those in trouble.
BBC Click's Nick Kwek reports.
See more at Click's website and @BBCClick
UN INSIDER
Security Council Favours Dialogue While Condemning DPRK
By J Nastranis
NEW YORK (IDN) – The 15-member Security Council, including the veto-wielding USA, Russia, China, Britain and France, are keen to "reduce tensions in the Korean Peninsula and beyond" and "maintaining peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and in North-East Asia at large".
With this in view, they have in a Press Statement on February 13, expressed their "commitment to a peaceful, diplomatic and political solution to the situation". They also welcome "efforts by Council members, as well as other States, to facilitate a peaceful and comprehensive solution through dialogue".
Besides, they have "regretted that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) is diverting resources to the pursuit of ballistic missiles" its "citizens have great unmet needs".
The Statement "strongly" condemns North Korea's most recent ballistic missile launches conducted on February 11, 2017 and October 19, 2016, and says: "These launches are in grave violation of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea's international obligations under United Nations Security Council resolutions 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), 2094 (2013), 2270 (2016), and 2321 (2016)."
The Security Council members "deplore" all the ballistic missile activities by North Korea, including the recent launches, noting that "such activities contribute to the country's development of nuclear weapons delivery systems and increase tension".
The members of the Security Council express "serious concern" that North Korea conducted these ballistic missile launches after the launches on April 15, April 23, April 27, April 28, May 31, June 21, July 9, July 18, August 2, August 23, September 5, and October 14 as well as the nuclear test of September 9, in "flagrant disregard of the repeated statements of the Security Council".
The Statement says: "The members of the Security Council reiterated that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea shall refrain from further actions, including nuclear tests, in violation of the relevant Security Council resolutions, and comply fully with its obligations under these resolutions."
The members of the Security Council called upon all Member States to redouble their efforts to implement fully the measures imposed on the Democratic People's Republic of Korea by the Security Council, particularly the comprehensive measures contained in resolutions 2321 (2016) and 2270 (2016).
The members of the Security Council directed the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1718 (2006) to intensify its work to strengthen enforcement of resolutions 2321 (2016) and 2270 (2016) and assist Member States to comply with their obligations under those resolutions and other relevant resolutions. The members of the Security Council also called on Member States to report as soon as possible on concrete measures they have taken in order to implement effectively the provisions of resolutions 2321 (2016) and 2270 (2016).
The members of the Security Council agreed that the Security Council would continue to closely monitor the situation and take further significant measures, in line with the Council's previously expressed determination.
In a separate statement, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of South Korea (Republic of Korea – ROK), which had requested a meeting of the Security Council together with Japan and the United States, said, "the ROK government will unwaveringly protect the lives of its people and the security of the nation against any threat from the DPRK, while deterring the DPRK's nuclear and missile threats, based on the strong ROK-U.S. combined defense posture including by increasing executiveness of extended deterrence".
It said the ballistic missile launch on February 12 was the first by the DPRK this year, which came after its launches of 24 ballistic missiles in 2016, constituting a flagrant and clear violation of the relevant UN Security Council resolutions as well as a grave threat to peace and security on the Korean Peninsula and the international community as a whole. "The ROK government condemns the DPRK's provocation in the strongest terms."
South Korea said: The repeated provocations by the DPRK pose a direct challenge to the united resolve of the international community manifested in the unanimously-adopted UN Security Council resolution 2321. They also clearly demonstrate the unreasonable nature of the Kim Jong-un regime that is fanatically obsessed with the development of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles, just as shown in the New Year address, in which it had threatened to launch ICBMs.
"The DPRK's routinized provocations will serve to further strengthen the international community's resolve for the denuclearization of the DPRK. By faithfully implementing sanctions against the DPRK including UN Security Council resolution 2321, along with friendly countries' strong unilateral sanctions, the ROK government will make the DPRK realize that it will never survive unless it abandons all nuclear and missile programs."
Furthermore, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said: "The ROK government will unwaveringly protect the lives of its people and the security of the nation against any threat from the DPRK, while deterring the DPRK's nuclear and missile threats, based on the strong ROK-U.S. combined defense posture including by increasing . . . extended deterrence." [IDN-InDepthNews – 14 February 2017]
Photo: Volodymyr Yelchenko, Permanent Representative of Ukraine to the UN and President of the Security Council for February, speaks to journalists following urgent closed-door consultations of the Council on the latest launch of a ballistic missile by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK). Credit: UN Photo/Rick Bajornas
IDN is flagship agency of the International Press Syndicate.
Steve Stephens wanted an audience to see the moment they seemingly chose Robert Godwin Sr. at random and gunned down the grandfather in cold blood on Easter Sunday — and they got one.
The harrowing final few moments of Godwin's life — and the bloody aftermath — were uploaded to Stephens' Facebook page on Sunday, marking the latest in a string of depraved incidents to be shared on the social network.
"This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," a Facebook representative told NBC News. "We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety."
Steve Stephens appears in stills from a video they broadcast of themselves on Facebook in Cleveland, Ohio on April 16, 2017. Steve Stephens / Facebook via Reuters
Related: Manhunt in Cleveland After Video of Killing Posted to Facebook
While Stephens used Facebook Live earlier in the day, it's believed the video of Godwin's murder was recorded and then uploaded to Facebook. It's unclear when — or how — Facebook became aware of the video, but it was quickly removed on Sunday.
The senseless act of violence that has spurred a nationwide manhunt has also raised questions about Facebook Live and what can be done to better police criminal content.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FBI: Suspect Who Posted Execution on Facebook Could be Anywhere 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Facebook Live, a tool that was initially for celebrities and public figures, has only been available to the site's 1.86 billion users for one year.
It created a star in Chewbacca Mom Candace Payne and has been used as a powerful social justice tool to capture protests and police-involved shootings.
However, during that time, a Chicago man was tortured on Facebook Live. A rash of suicides is broadcast. In Sweden, a gang rape was reportedly broadcast on Facebook Live. And that's just a few of the incidents that have created a unique challenge for Facebook as the social network strives to balance safety with free expression.
"A lot of this phenomenon of people, whether committing suicide or killing, torturing, raping, is because they know they have this captive audience," Jen Golbeck, a professor at the University of Maryland's College of Information Studies, told NBC News.
A meeting to revive the Maynooth Musical Society will be held in the Glenroyal Hotel in Maynooth tomorrown night.
So if you dance, sing, act or enjoy the hustle and bustle of the backbone of a society, drop down to the Glenroyal Hotel on Tuesday August 15 at 8pm.
The remaining committee members of Maynooth Musical Society have been contacted by a local man who is proposing to relaunch the society.
Declan, a scriptwriter with 20 years of experience, who moved to Maynooth two years ago, wants to re-launch the society.
“I want to bring the society back to Maynooth and operate it as a fun and equal opportunity society with members who are passionate about performing. I see the society as a place where members can audition for roles and only be judged on their suitability and performance at the time. I see a society where the communication policy is open and there is no home for politics. I see a society growing because of the strength of their members. All members who join the society will be treated with the respect that you deserve. Maynooth is a fantastic town and it is time for it to have a society that can become part of its history.”
Declan has worked in music around the world. They come from a family of directors and has spent a number of years producing various acts. They propose to bring a new concept to the society and provide people with the opportunity to be cast in a new original musical.
As has always been the case, the society would continue be open to all people who are interested in getting involved, on and off stage. It is described as a chance for people who love theatre to be part of the journey again, perform in some great shows and build confidence in their performance.
Anyone with experience in music, drama, committee experience or if you feel you could contribute to make the society great again is asked to come to the meeting.
Image copyright Getty Images
No-one likes rejection, so spare a thought for the writing team behind The Middle by Zedd, featuring Maren Morris.
The song's producers say 12 top female singers all recorded versions of the song but decided not to release it.
Demi Lovato, Camila Cabello and Anne-Marie are all said to have given it a go.
It was eventually taken on by Zedd, with Maren Morris on vocals, and debuted at the Grammy Awards this year.
"You're confident at the start, but the longer the song [sits around], the more you start feeling like it's slipping," Stefan Johnson, one of The Middle's producers, told Variety.
Image copyright Getty Images
Stefan is one fifth of the Monsters & Strangerz production team.
They revealed that the song, which peaked at number seven on the Official Charts, sat collecting dust for more than a year before it was given the green light for release.
Stefan described country music star Maren Morris as "the angel that saved us all" and went into detail about why the other big names passed on it.
Demi Lovato
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption What's that you can hear Demi, a hit record getting away?
Demi Lovato was the first singer to be offered the chance to record the song - but Stefan says the singer thought the song was "too pop."
"She sounded awesome and we were really hyped on it," they said.
"But then we didn't hear anything after a couple weeks.
"We got the call. Demi thought it was too pop, she's trying to go more soulful and urban. We were super bummed."
Camila Cabello
Image copyright Getty Images
After leaving Fifth Harmony Camila was shopping around for songs that would launch them as a solo artist.
Stefan says when they recorded their version of The Middle "it sounded like it was supposed to be".
And it was.
Them management reportedly didn't want the song to overshadow Havana.
Anne-Marie
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Hello? Is that a hit single calling?
By now it's now been 11 months since the song was written and still it remains on a hard drive with no release date.
For various reasons Bebe Rexha, Tove Lo, Bishop Briggs and Carly Rae Jepsen have all failed to agree on releasing the song.
The Monsters and Strangerz team get in touch with Anne-Marie, who flies out to Los Angeles.
The British singer records their vocals. Both sides are happy with the song.
Just one major snag: Anne-Marie already has a collaboration due out the same time - Friends featuring Marshmello - and their record label don't want the tracks to clash, according to the producers.
Another one bites the dust.
Maren Morris
Image copyright Getty Images
The country singer is perhaps the least-known of all the artists to have a crack at the song but Stefan said they sounded "incredible" on it.
"The lyrics took on a whole new meaning when Maren sang," Stefan said.
The song made its debut during 2018's Grammy Awards show when it featured in an advert for an American supermarket chain... and as they say, the rest is history.
Image copyright Getty Images
It's not unusual for a song to be recorded by several pop stars before it's decided who should get to release it - or for a song to be written with a specific artist in mind and someone else to pick it up.
For example Rihanna's Umbrella was originally written for Britney Spears.
Your playlist could sound pretty different if all these initials ideas had gone the way the songwriter intended.
Image copyright Getty Images
Imagine Paris Hilton singing: "Don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?"
Well it reportedly almost happened - but the 2005 smash Don't Cha was eventually recorded by the Pussycat Dolls.
Image copyright Getty Images
Sia has also revealed that Katy Perry and Rihanna both passed on Pretty Hurts before it fell into Beyonce's hands.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The woman arrested over the weekend after a shooting that has left a man in critical condition has made their first court appearance.
Mykeya M. Pruitt, 22, of Louisville, is being held on a $75,000 cash bond.
PREVIOUS STORY
+ Charges upgraded in shooting arrest as victim's condition worsens
Louisville Metro police were called to the 2400 block of McKindree Court around 2:35 a.m. Aug. 12 on a report of a shooting. Officers found the victim with a gunshot wound to the head, according to Pruitt's arrest report.
Pruitt was originally charged with assault and tampering with evidence. The assault charge was upgraded to attempted murder after the victim's conditioned worsened.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ 71-year-old accused of sexual abuse involving 7-year-old
+ Locals call for unity after Charlottesville violence
+ Monument honoring former Confederate officer vandalized
LMPD homicide detectives say after being advised of their Miranda Rights, Pruitt gave them a statement admitting to the shooting. They also admitted to changing their bloody clothing to conceal evidence.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Yahoo's information security team found out that Russian hackers had made off with personal data days after the December 2014 breach. The thieves made off with usernames, email addresses, phone numbers, birthdates, encrypted passwords and security questions, according to the SEC's order. Despite having that information, Yahoo's senior management didn't properly investigate the incident or disclose it to investors and affected users. In fact, the breach was only made public two years later when the corporation was in the process of closing an acquisition deal with Verizon.
But Yahoo wasn't primarily fined for misleading affected users, however -- it's for the two years of quarterly and annual reports the company filed that didn't confess the breach or its business and legal implications. Yahoo even hid the incident from auditors and outside counsel that would have told the company whether it was obligated to include the intrusion in its filings to begin with. Whatever the case, this settlement closes the door on one of the largest consumer data breaches in history.
Here are the nominees for Insurance Connexion "Connexion of the Week" for Week 7:
Kobie Carpenter to Cory Fazalare - Lincoln
Seth McKinney to Seth MacIntyre - Liberty
Clay Bailey to Evan Parow - University
The poll closes Monday at noon. We'll announce the winner inside the 12 SportsZone Monday at 6 p.m.
Police say an 8-year-old is suspected in the home day care death of a 1-year-old boy whose body was found concealed Friday morning in one of the home's bedrooms. Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis told MLive.com the case's primary witness is a 5-year-old.
“The 1-year-old was crying, and it appears no one was attending to the child,” Lewis told MLive.com. “The 8-year-old dealt with the baby crying.”
Bryanna Reasonover, Korey Brown's mother, reportedly dropped Korey and two other children off on Thursday night. Reasonover said they returned to Keysha Keepers on Friday after work and found their son unresponsive in a Pack ‘n Play, according to WOODTV.com.
FAMILY CREATES #MUSTARDCHALLENGE TO RAISE FUNDS FOR CHILDHOOD CANCER IN HONOR OF DAUGHTER
While Lewis told MLive.com that there were no obvious injuries to Brown, Reasonover told Fox 17 they noticed bite marks and bruises on their son's face and fingers.
“When their face rolled over they had all these bruises on the side of their face,” they told Fox 17. “And that' when I said, ‘What's wrong with my baby's face?””
A 911 call was placed at 6:15 a.m. Friday, WZZM 13 reported, but CPR was not successful. Police said the 8-year-old was taken to Mercy Health Partners Hackley Campus for a mental evaluation.
“I thought I saw everything,” Lewis told MLive.com. “This one floors me. I can hardly get a grip on it.”
BOY CAN ONLY EAT 7 FOODS INCLUDING CHICK-FIL-A WAFFLE FRIES
Police are investigating where the adults were in the home at the time of the alleged incident, and that an autopsy to reveal the official cause of death is planned.
“This person that was involved in the death probably felt something was wrong,” Lewis told the news outlet. “If you're a child and break something, you try to hide it.”
Keysha Keepers's day care is licensed to tend to up to 12 children and is open 24 hours a day, MLive.com reported. It was first licensed in November 2016.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — A person with knowledge of the situation says former Florida receiver Antonio Callaway failed a drug test at the NFL combine, a mistake that could damage their draft status.
The person says NFL teams were made aware of the result Tuesday. The person spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because the league does not release that information publicly.
NFL Network first reported Callaway's failed test.
It was the latest misstep for a talented but troubled receiver who was once considered a lock to be a first-round draft pick. Now, some teams surely will take the 21-year-old Callaway off their draft board. Failing a drug test at the combine, a place prospects know they're going to be tested, is widely considered one of the more head-scratching results of the pre-draft process.
Ticket Down is a reputable source of cheap Los Angeles Clippers vs. Utah Jazz NBA Western Conference Playoff tickets. Add promo code BASKETBALL for added savings.
Los Angeles, CA (PRUnderground) April 17th, 2017
Ticket Down has authentic tickets for all 2017 Clippers vs. Jazz NBA Western Conference First Round Playoff games. The NBA Western Conference first round playoff games will take place at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California and Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City, Utah. Tickets for these games will sell out very fast, order early for the best selection of seating.
2017 Los Angeles Clippers vs. Utah Jazz NBA Western Conference First Round Playoff Schedule:
Tuesday, April 18, 2017 @ 7:30 p.m. NBA Western Conference First Round: Los Angeles Clippers vs. Utah Jazz – Game 2 @Staples Center in Los Angeles, California (4/18/17)
Friday, April 21, 2017 @ 8:00 p.m. NBA Western Conference First Round: Utah Jazz vs. Los Angeles Clippers – Game 3 at Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City, Utah (4/21/17)
Sunday, April 23, 2017 @ 7:00 p.m. NBA Western Conference First Round: Utah Jazz vs. Los Angeles Clippers – Game 4 at Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City, Utah (4/23/17)
Tuesday, April 25, 2017 (Time TBA) NBA Western Conference First Round: Los Angeles Clippers vs. Utah Jazz – Game 5 at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California (4/25/17)
Friday, April 28, 2017 (Time TBA) NBA Western Conference First Round: Utah Jazz vs. Los Angeles Clippers – Game 6 (If Necessary) at Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City, Utah (4/28/17)
Sunday, April 30, 2017 NBA Western Conference First Round: Los Angeles Clippers vs. Utah Jazz – Game 7 (If Necessary) at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California (4/30/17)
About TicketDown.com:
Ticket Down delivers tickets to sold out concerts and events worldwide when no one else can, and they do so at discounted prices. Find Los Angeles Clippers vs. Utah Jazz box seats, club seats, upper level, lower level, reserved seating, general admission (GA), parking passes and more. Add promo code BASKETBALL for added savings. All tickets guaranteed to be authentic and come with our 100% customer satisfaction guarantee.
Note: Ticket Down is not associated with any professional sports teams or venues mentioned in this release. The names that are used in this release are purely for descriptive purposes. We are not affiliated with nor do we endorse any musical artists or venues in this release. TicketDown.com and JP Media, LLC are not responsible for any errors or omissions in this release.
Check out our discount codes online for all upcoming events. Ticket Down has low overheads which allow this well-known ticket site to keep prices competitive.
About JP Media, LLC
Chinese President Xi Jinping is displayed on a big screen as they deliver a speech at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
Video
A Lincoln City goalkeeper ended up tangled in the back of the net after the goal toppled over at a training session.
Paul Farman was training with fellow Imps' keepers Josh Vickers and Richard Walton under the supervision of coach Jimmy Walker.
The coach flicked the ball up and as Farman tried to head it away they fell back getting caught in the net and ended up falling over the advertising hoardings.
The huge peach cobbler, the centerpiece of the Peach Festival, gets a last check before serving in this 2013 file photo. Telegraph file photo
LOS ANGELES — Those who find truth in formulas never understood Jeff Mathis, or their continued employment.
How can you hold down a baseball job when you don't hit? And why are they playing when nobody wants them on a fantasy team?
Mathis has just put in their 11th major league season. Their career OPS is .565, several rungs below the Mendoza Line for that statistical amalgam.
Yet they started the National League wild-card game in Phoenix on Wednesday, and they started Game 1 of the Division Series on Friday.
In a game gone drunk on offense, Mathis has created a one-man niche.  They are the ace-catcher.
In Arizona they work with Zack Greinke, who left the Dodgers to sign a $206 million deal two years ago. In 2016 Greinke was 13-7 with a 4.27 ERA and a 1.273 WHIP (walks and hits, per innings pitched). That rose from a league-leading 1.66 ERA and 0.844 WHIP with the Dodgers in ‘15, when Greinke was runner-up for the Cy Young Award.
This season the Diamondbacks signed Mathis. One of their duties was catching Greinke's starts. Mathis broke their hand on Aug. 22 and didn't return until Sept. 30, but for the season Greinke was 17-7 with a 3.20 ERA and a 1.072 WHIP.
Mathis' navigational skills are just part of it. They threw out 42.4 percent of runners attempting to steal a base this season, a career-high,. They were a first-round pick by the Angels in 2001 and was in the big leagues by 2007. They thought they would hit. They never really did, except for a memorable playoff against the Yankees in 2009.
Mathis was the defensive catcher and Mike Napoli the big hitter who sometimes caught, and the fantasy leaguers practically rioted whenever Mike Scioscia wrote Mathis into the lineup.
“I was lucky to be around a lot of great pitchers there,” Mathis said, “and to learn a lot about that side of catching from Mike. Ever since then I've been blessed to find some teams that put a lot of stock into what I did.”
Most of the top starters are certified divas, creatures of routine and unshakable believers in their own methods. Dodgers manager Dave Roberts was fondly discussing the “crazy starters” in their clubhouse, and when Rich Hill was asked about a hitting game among the pitchers, they laughed and said, “I'll ask (Clayton) Kershaw, but not tonight.”
Greinke has a variety pack of pitches and, as A.J. Ellis used to point out, is liable to switch plans mid-game. In many ways he's ideal for a thinking catcher like Mathis.
“It goes back to the preparation you put in before the game,” Mathis said, “and with Zack we're always communicating in the dugout.”
Mathis was known for their behind-the-scenes work with Jose Fernandez in Miami. Fernandez was 34-18 in their two healthy full seasons. Those were 2013 and 2016. They were 20 when they got to the big leagues, the livest wire in the clubhouse, a prodigy with no filter. Mathis sometimes felt more like their sergeant-at-arms than their catcher.
“You usually knew what they were thinking,” Mathis said. “We'd have some differences of opinion. They loved to throw that slider because they had a great one, but sometimes I'd encourage them to mix it up. There were a few arguments. But they were a great guy and a great talent.”
“Was,” because on the morning of Sept. 26, 2016, Mathis was in their condo brushing their teeth, with a day game upcoming. Their parents had come down and were spending the weekend. Their wife Jenna got the text. Fernandez had died in a boating accident the night before.
It was the sort of illogical shock that had hit Mathis in 2009, when Nick Adenhart had gone six nice innings at Angel Stadium in their fourth major league start. The next morning they learned Adenhart, 22, had been killed by a drunk driver. Mathis put Adenhart's baseball card in a plastic holder and still carries it with him.
Mathis is part of a three-catcher rotation at Arizona, with Chris Iannetta and Chris Herrmann. There is nothing guaranteed after this season, but one assumes Mathis will be back to help Greinke deliver on their investment.
Afterward?
“I'd never turn down an opportunity to stay in this game,” Mathis said, “whether it's managing or instructing. I'm just enjoying what I'm doing now. I tell our younger guys that these playoffs are pretty special, that it doesn't happen every year. It hasn't happened for me since 2009, so it's time to make the most of it.”
If pitching is still 90 percent of baseball, Mathis fits into the pie chart somewhere.
Dino Melaye: Nigeria Police explains how Senator attempted to escape
Force Headquarters has come up with details on the circumstances leading to Tuesday's escape of Senator Dino Melaye. Melaye jumped down from the vehicle conveying them to Lokoja, Kogi State for possible parade and subsequent arraignment in court. Force Public Relations Officer, Jimoh Moshood, spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria, NAN at the premises […]
Dino Melaye: Nigeria Police explains how Senator attempted to escape
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Florida couple was found dead inside their vehicle on a highway Saturday morning, while their three young children were discovered in the backseat unharmed, police said.
According to the Orlando Sentinel, Volusia County Sheriff's Office spokesperson Andrew Gant said that a state trooper found the vehicle at around 2:08 a.m. It was parked on the eastbound side of Interstate 4 near DeLand with its hazard lights on.
Authorities found Daniel Kelsey, 32, and Heather Kelsey, 30, unconscious outside the SUV with their three young sons – ages ranging between eight months and four years – sitting in the backseat, Gant said. The parents were pronounced dead at the scene,
The children were transferred to Halifax Health Medical Center in Daytona Beach as a precautionary measure, according to the Sentinel. Family services are expected to meet with the children in an effort to assist with the investigation.
Gant said police were still investigating the incident. There were no signs of foul play.
Click for more from the Orlando Sentinel.
JACKSON, Miss. — Mississippi-born civil rights activist Fannie Lou Hamer is being commemorated on what would have been their 100th birthday.
Events Friday in their hometown of Ruleville are marking the centennial of their birth.
Hamer said they were “sick and tired of being sick and tired” of the abuse that African-Americans suffered in the segregated South.
They were fired from the plantation where they worked as a sharecropper in 1962 because they and a few other black Mississippians registered to vote.
In 1964, they were part of the integrated Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party group that challenged seating of the all-white Mississippi delegation at the Democratic National Convention. Hamer told a convention committee about being beaten for their civil rights work in 1963.
Hamer was 59 when they died of cancer in 1977.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Report: Brock Lesnar tells UFC they are retired
Is Brock Lesnar done fighting in the octagon?
Reports on Tuesday said that Lesnar informed the UFC that they are retiring from MMA. MMA Fighting first reported the news, and other outlets later confirmed it.
Lesnar, 38, fought Mark Hunt in a one-off fight last year after nearly a five-year absence from competition. They won the fight but it was overturned into a no-contest after Lesnar tested positive for PEDs twice.
Lesnar was fined and suspended a year by the Nevada State Athletic Commission as a result of their positive tests.
These reports come as no surprise given that we shared last week that Lesnar's name had been removed from the UFC's fighter roster online.
Lesnar remains a huge attraction and is getting prepared for their match against Goldberg at WrestleMania in April. Given their popularity and draw as a fighter, don't be surprised if Lesnar fights at some point in the future.
BY JIM MCLEAN
The message delivered to a legislative committee Thursday by opponents of expanding Medicaid eligibility in Kansas boiled down to this: Expansion has been a disaster in the states that have enacted it, so don't do it.
Gregg Pfister, legislative relations director for the Florida-based Foundation for Government Accountability, ticked through a list of expansion states where costs and enrollment significantly exceeded projections.
“When considering expansion, each one of these states looked at the problem, studied the projections and decided that this was an expenditure that their state could afford. Unfortunately, they were wrong,” Pfister told members of the House Health and Human Services Committee.
So far, 31 states and the District of Columbia have expanded their Medicaid programs. Kansas is among 19 that haven't.
Supporters of Medicaid expansion in Kansas acknowledge that demand for services has exceeded projections in some states, but they don't necessarily consider that a problem given that more people are getting needed services and the federal government is shouldering most of the cost.
“Even with enrollment exceeding estimates, states have seen budget savings and revenue that still makes expansion budget positive in most cases,” said Sheldon Weisgrau, in a memo distributed to the media before the hearing to counter the anticipated arguments of opponents.
Weisgrau is director of the Health Reform Resource Project, an educational initiative funded by several regional health foundations, some of which also provide funding to KCUR and the Kansas News Service.
In addition to creating cost overruns, Michael Tanner, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute in Washington, D.C., said Medicaid doesn't provide quality care.
“In almost every health outcome, Medicaid is outperformed by private health insurance,” Tanner said. “In my opinion, it would be a significant mistake for Kansas to expand Medicaid at this time.”
The main study Tanner cited to support their claim didn't follow patients long enough to determine the extent to which their health improved once they obtained Medicaid coverage, Weisgrau said.
Susan Mosier, secretary of the Kansas Department of Health and Environment, reiterated Gov. Sam Brownback's reasons for opposing expansion, which include uncertainty about the future of the Affordable Care Act and the federal money it guarantees to states to cover most of the cost of expansion.
Mosier also took issue with claims made by supporters, most notably the Kansas Hospital Association, that expansion would generate more than enough revenue to cover the state's share of the cost.
“There are several flaws with that analysis,” Mosier said. “There is no cost benefit to the state, in fact there is additional cost.”
The official estimate that Brownback administration's budget office prepared said expansion would cost the state an additional $110 million in the first two years.
Audrey Dunkel, a senior financial analyst for the hospital association, disputed the accuracy of the estimate. They said revenues and cost savings generated by expansion — most of which were acknowledged in the budget office report — would generate about $13 million more than the amount needed to cover the state's share of expansion costs.
The expansion bill under consideration — House Bill 2064 — would extend eligibility for KanCare, the state's privatized Medicaid program, to more than 300,000 Kansans with annual incomes at or below 138 percent of the federal poverty level, about $16,000 for an individual. However, it's expected that only about half that number would enroll for a variety of reasons.
The committee is expected to vote next week on whether to send the bill to the full House.
Jim McLean is managing director of kcur.org‘s Kansas News Service, a collaboration of KCUR, Kansas Public Radio and KMUW covering health, education and politics in Kansas. You can reach them on Twitter @jmcleanks.
Brandon Gamble is being called a “hero dad”. They were able to rescue their 5 children when fire broke out at their Forest Park Home. But, Gamble became trapped inside the home, and didn't make it out.
The fire happened around 2 a.m. Thursday on Burks Road. Neighbors say they were awakened by screams and saw Gamble's wife Tyesha standing outside the home bleeding. They say they saw the father dropping the children out a window. And, while they say they believed Gamble had made it out of the burning home, they were shocked to learned that they did not survive.
FILE - In this Nov. 3, 2016, file photo, British labor rights activist Andy Hall talks to reporters at the Supreme Court in Bangkok. A Thai court of appeal dismissed criminal defamation charges against Hall who was sued by a fruit packaging company after they alleged human rights violations at its factory. Sakchai Lalit, File AP Photo
Video
Police are asking for help identifying jewellery and other property they believe could be stolen.
The items were recovered from properties in Cambridgeshire and Norfolk following burglaries in the counties.
BERLIN — German prosecutors have charged two Syrian men with fighting for terror organizations in their home country.
Abdulmalk A., 30, is accused of joining a combat unit of the Nusra Front extremist group in 2012. The charge says they became a commander for the extremist group in eastern Syria, where they participated in the capture of gas fields and the town of Tabka, including its military airport. In 2014, they allegedly joined the Islamic State group and engaged in combat operations.
Anas Ibrahim A.S., 26, is accused of also joining the Nusra Front in 2012 and participating in the takeover of an ammunition depot belonging to Syrian President Bashar Assad's troops.
Federal prosecutors said Monday that both men, whose last names were not released, were arrested in Germany in May.
BERLIN — German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Wednesday that the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, and underlined their country's commitment to raise defence spending gradually — another point of contention with Washington.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts, something that could be painful for Germany with its major auto industry.
“It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that,” Merkel told the German parliament, noting that the head of the EU's executive Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, will soon travel to the U.S.
They added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners, and also questioned the value of measuring surpluses and deficits by trade in goods alone. If digital services were included, they said, it's likely that the U.S. would have a trade surplus with Europe.
“It is almost old-fashioned only to count goods and not to count services,” they said.
The U.S. is also pressing Germany over what it considers insufficient defence spending ahead of NATO's July 11-12 summit in Brussels. In 2014, NATO allies agreed to stop cutting defence budgets, start spending more than their economies grew and move toward a goal of devoting 2 per cent of GDP to defence within a decade.
Germany's current spending amounts to 1.24 per cent of GDP.
Merkel said that, though spending is rising, “relative to what others are doing in terms of their gross domestic product, that is far from sufficient.” They added that “that is why we have committed to spend 1.5 per cent of gross domestic product for this by 2025,” and defended Germany's position.
“Germany is a reliable partner in NATO,” Merkel said. “We are the second-biggest troop provider, we participate in many missions, and Germany will remain a reliable partner in NATO.”
In a message to skeptics at home, they added that “we can't act as though the issue of defence weren't a pressing one in our time.”
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
0:45 Watch rehabilitated eagle released back into wild by UC Davis vets
0:56 Baby needs a new home
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
3:46 Climbing 270 feet up to the top of a wind turbine
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
Louisville Football's Lamar Jackson Earns a Pair of All-America Honors
Lamar Jackson was named a second team All-American by the Associated Press and the Football Writers Association of America.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. – University of Louisville's Lamar Jackson was named to a pair of All-America teams on Monday, earning second team honors by the Associated Press and the Football Writers Association of America (FWAA).
The native of Pompano Beach, Fla., was tabbed the AP Player of the Year and a first team honoree a year ago, while also securing first team accolades by the FWAA.
Jackson, who became the only player in the ACC's 65-year history to be named the league's player and offensive player of the year in consecutive seasons, finished third in the 2017 Heisman Trophy balloting on Saturday -- the best finish by a returning winner since Tim Tebow of Florida in 2008.
This year, Jackson leads the nation in total offense with 4,932 yards and is on pace to set ACC season and career records for total yards per game. They have been responsible for 116 career touchdowns, tying Clemson's Deshaun Watson (2014-16) for second on the ACC's all-time list.
Jackson has thrown for 3,489 yards and 25 touchdowns this season, passing for over 300 yards six times in 2017. In three seasons at Louisville, Jackson ranks fourth in school history with 8,872 career passing yards, overtaking Miami's Jacory Harris (2008-11) for 18th on the ACC's career list.
On the verge of becoming the first player in league history to lead the league in rushing and passing, Jackson has run for 1,443 yards and 17 touchdowns this year.  They are the first player in school history to rush for over 1,300 yards in back-to-back seasons.
Jackson rushed for 156 yards in the Cardinals' regular-season finale, breaking their own Louisville record for the most 100-yard rushing games in a season with nine. They moved into a tie for third in ACC history with 22 100-yard rushing games during their career.
The Pompano Beach, Fla., native ranks seventh in NCAA history for rushing yards by a quarterback with 3,974 and needs just 26 yards to become the seventh quarterback to rush for 4,000 yards in a career.
With 372 total yards and two touchdowns last week at Kentucky, Jackson broke their own Louisville record with their 12th game this season with 300 yards of total offense.
Earlier this season, the ACC's three-time Back of the Week became the first player in NCAA history to rush for over 1,000 yards and pass for over 3,000 in consecutive seasons. They need 26 rushing yards and 126 yards passing to become the second player in the NCAA record book to run for 4,000 and pass for 9,000 yards in a career.
The Cardinals will take on Mississippi State in the TaxSlayer Bowl in Jacksonville, Fla., on Dec. 30.
Official release from UofL sports information
Golf announced the most massive layoff in the industry's history on Monday morning.
Armchair referees around the world were given their pink slips.
It's a glorious jettisoning of unsolicited help.
Goodbye and good riddance.
The USGA and R&A's announcement of a new set of protocols Monday will end the practice of viewer call-ins and emails in the reporting of rules infractions.
“What we have heard from players and committees is ‘Let's leave the rules and administration of the event to the players and those responsible for running the tournament,'” said Thomas Pagel, the USGA's senior director of rules and amateur status.
Amen.
The protocols, formed by a working group that included the PGA Tour, LPGA, European Tour, Ladies European Tour and the PGA of America, also establish the use of rules officials to monitor the televised broadcasts of events.
Additionally, the protocols will eliminate the two-shot penalty when a player signs an incorrect scorecard because the player was unaware of a violation.
Yes, I can hear you folks saying armchair rules officials help make sure every meaningful infraction comes to light. I hear you saying they make the game better, more honest, by helping reduce the possibility somebody violates the rules to win.
But at what cost?
The chaos and mayhem armchair referees create can ruin the spirit of fair play every bit as much as an unreported violation. The chaos and mayhem armchair rules officials create can be as much a threat to fair play as the violations themselves.
The Rules of Golf are devised to protect the integrity of the game, but perfectly good rules can be undermined by the manner and timeliness of their enforcement.
We have seen the intervention of armchair referees go beyond the ruin of fair play in how a tournament should be conducted. We have seen it threaten the credibility of the game in the eyes of fans who can't fathom the stupidity of a sport that cannot separate common-sense enforcement from absolute devotion to the letter of the law.
In other sports, video review's timely use helps officials get it right. In golf, video review too often makes it feel like the sport is getting it wrong, because timeliness matters in the spirit of fair play, because the retroactive nature of some punishments are as egregious as the violations themselves.
We saw that with Lexi Thompson at the ANA Inspiration this year.
Yes, they deserved a two-shot penalty for improperly marking their ball, but they didn't deserve the two-shot penalty for signing an incorrect scorecard. They had no idea they were signing an incorrect scorecard.
We nearly saw the ruin of the U.S. Open at Oakmont last year, with Dustin Johnson's victory clouded by the timing of a video review that left us all uncertain if the tournament was playing out under an incorrect scoreboard.
“What these protocols are put in place for, really, is to make sure there are measures to identify the facts as soon as possible, in real time, so if there is an issue to be dealt with, that it can be handled quickly and decisively,” Pagel said.
Amen again.
We have pounded the USGA for making the game more complicated and less enjoyable than it ought to be, for creating controversy where common sense should prevail, so let's applaud executive director Mike Davis, as well as the R&A, for putting common sense in play.
Yes, this isn't a perfect answer to handling rules violations.
There are trap doors in the protocols that we are bound to see the game stumble into, because the game is so complex, but this is more than a good faith effort to make the game better.
This is good governance.
And compared to the glacial pace of major rules change of the past, this is swift.
This is the USGA and R&A leading a charge.
We're seeing that with the radical modernization of the Rules of Golf scheduled to take effect in 2019. We saw it with the release of Decision 34/3-10 three weeks after Thompson's loss at the ANA, with the decision limiting video review to “reasonable judgment” and “naked eye” standards. We're hearing it with Davis' recent comments about the “horrible” impact distance is having on the game, leading us to wonder if the USGA is in some way gearing up to take on the golf ball.
Yes, the new video review protocols aren't a panacea. Rules officials will still miss violations that should have been caught. There will be questions about level playing fields, about the fairness of stars getting more video review scrutiny than the rank and file. There will be questions about whether viewer complaints were relayed to rule officials.
Golf, they say, isn't a game of perfect, and neither is rules enforcement, though these protocols make too much sense to be pilloried. They should be applauded. They should solve a lot more problems than they create.
If it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it might be a goose.
That's how George E. Burns, commissioner for the Financials Department of the State of Nevada, Department of Business & Industry, described the types of depository institutions in the state. They all handle money and extend loans, but they are not all the same.
The state of Nevada charters four such institutions: commercial banks, credit unions, savings banks, and industrial loan companies. Each has its own focus, ownership, and regulations, said Burns, who has been in the financial industry for 28 years in both giant and small financial institutions. They were appointed commissioner for the Nevada Department of Business & Industry in 2007.
Commercial banks are traditional banks, insured by the FDIC — what people traditionally think of as a bank, they said. They offer a broad range of financial services including saving deposits, loans, mortgages, checks and debit cards.
Savings banks evolved from the savings and loan industry, which collapsed in the 1980s and 1990s. Their primary focus is on savings accounts, retirement savings, certificates of deposit and mortgages.
Industrial loan companies are owned by non-financial companies and generally provide loans for specific industries. For instance, in Nevada, Toyota Savings provides loans for Toyota products, and Eagle Mark provides loans for Harley-Davidson products. Some industrial banks also issue credit cards, and offer mortgages or small business loans. They are state chartered and FDIC insured.
Recommended Stories For You
Credit unions are similar to commercial banks, except that they are membership-owned nonprofits. As such, they don't pay taxes and because they don't pay taxes, they have more restrictions.
For credit unions, their field of membership (FOM) used to be very specific. Over time they expanded, Burns said.
Ten credit unions operate in Nevada and each has a different FOM. Members must be individuals, not businesses, and that's where some of the restrictions come in.
Originally, credit unions could only offer loans to individuals. Now they can offer loans to members for a members' business, but no more than 1.75 percent of the credit union's net worth.
"The amount they can loan (for a business purpose) is limited," Burns said. "If the focus of a credit union is membership as individuals, they can't go out and make a loan to say, MGM.
"It's being debated in congress whether or not to expand the limit."
Additional differences divide the main two types of depository institutions — mainly by how they are chartered.
The federal government charters giant national banks like Bank of America and Citibank. The state charters smaller local banks such as Heritage Bank, Burns said.
Similarly, some credit unions are federally chartered by the NCUA to operate in multiple states, while the state charters Nevada-specific credit unions.
"Among credit unions in Nevada, there are two types, Federally Insured and privately insured by ASI. … Seventy percent of the credit unions in Nevada are privately insured.
"There is no such thing as private insurance for a bank."
Burns is familiar with all the forms of depository institutions, which are licensed through the state.
"Both (credit unions and commercial banks) have their purpose.
"It's like Ford vs. Chevy," they said.
"Corporations and large business entities are going to go to a commercial bank. Credit union members that need a small business loan can go to their credit union. They're just different."
Antoine Griezmann reveals doubts over Man Utd move
A post shared by Antoine Griezmann (@antogriezmann) on Dec 24, 2016 at 4:24am PST
Atletico Madrid star Antoine Griezmann has revealed that the infamous Manchester weather could stop them joining Manchester United.
The France international has been strongly linked with a big-money move to Old Trafford this summer and has previously spoken of their desire to play alongside national team colleague Paul Pogba at club level.
But the 25-year-old has started to cool that speculation by suggesting that they might not fancy a move to the Premier League.
Griezmann said that they wanted to be happy in their life outside of football and is clearly not convinced that the UK climate is conducive to the sort of lifestyle they want.
The only saving grace for United is that they indicate that they have been thinking about a potential move away from the Vicente Calderon and that they pick fault with all of their potential transfer destinations.
They told RMC Sport : “For the moment, I have no real desire to leave Atletico. But if the season finishes badly, maybe I'll consider it.
“But then, I'm wondering where I could go.
“Barcelona have those three up front, Real Madrid is impossible because of my club.
“Germany doesn't interest me, and France, not for now.
“As for England, there are a lot of doubts in terms of my personal life. The rain, the bad weather. I need to be happy outside of football.”
Griezmann has spent all of their professional career to date in Spain with Real Sociedad and now Atletico.
An appeals court has ruled the federal government cannot legally stop trade of Burmese pythons and other giant exotic snakes within the continental U.S.
However, snake owners are cautioned not to move their reptiles just yet as other legal challenges may remain.
The United States Association of Reptile Keepers sued in 2013 to overturn a nationwide ban on importing eight constrictor species or taking them across state lines.
In an April 7 decision, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a lower court's ruling that the U.S. wildlife officials didn't have authority to restrict interstate trade of snakes such as Burmese pythons, reticulated pythons or green anacondas.
The Center for Biological Diversity says the court addressed the law's wording but not the data supporting the ban.
A mysterious thumb turned up Monday in a yard near Lake Oconee in Putnam County. In this picture, Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills holds the digit in question. Courtesy of Putnam County Sheriff's Office
February 1st deadline for competitive scholarships in the Women's Studies Program for AY 2017-2018. Note: If the deadline falls on a non-work day, applications will be due the next business day. Please pass along this announcement to eligible students that meet the criteria.
These scholarships are:
The Florence Brown En Avant Club Scholarship ($750)
($750) The Gwen Sorell Scholarship Endowment ($750)
($750) The Rae Nell Griggs Scholarship ($500)
Scholarship Selection Timeline
Now - Applications available for PDF download
*February 1 - Applications and support materials are due by 5 PM
March 1 - Winners will be notified by mail
April 21 - Winners recognized at our Conference Luncheon & Scholarship Awards Presentation * If the deadline falls on a non-work day, applications will be due the next business day. Evaluation for each scholarship is based on the students GPA (see each scholarship for details), the completion of a brief essay (not more than 500 words) explaining the applicants interest and involvement in matter's particularly relevant to women's lives, two letters of recommendation, and a brief summary of extracurricular activities such as honors, achievements, scholastic awards, and professional accomplishments.
* Note: It is the responsibility of each applicant to gather and coordinate delivery of the information, listed above, as required for each scholarship.
For more information on each scholarship view the Women's Studies web site at:
http://www.depts.ttu.edu/wstudies/announcements_scholarships.php
CONTACT: Tricia Earl, Coordinator & Academic Advisor of the Women's Studies Program, at The Women's Studies Program announcesfor competitive scholarships in the Women's Studies Program for AY 2017-2018. Note: If the deadline falls on a non-work day, applications will be due the next business day. Please pass along this announcement to eligible students that meet the criteria.These scholarships are:* If the deadline falls on a non-work day, applications will be due the next business day. Evaluation for each scholarship is based on the students GPA (see each scholarship for details), the completion of a brief essay (not more than 500 words) explaining the applicants interest and involvement in matter's particularly relevant to women's lives, two letters of recommendation, and a brief summary of extracurricular activities such as honors, achievements, scholastic awards, and professional accomplishments.* Note: It is the responsibility of each applicant to gather and coordinate delivery of the information, listed above, as required for each scholarship.For more information on each scholarship view the Women's Studies web site at:Tricia Earl, Coordinator & Academic Advisor of the Women's Studies Program, at patricia.a.earl@ttu.edu or contact our office at (806) 742-4335. Posted:
1/2/2017
Originator:
Patricia Earl
Email:
patricia.a.earl@ttu.edu
Department:
Women's Studies Program
Event Information
All Day Event
Event Date: 2/1/2017
Location:
Women's Studies DOAK Hall RM 123
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Academic
Departmental
PHILADELPHIA — Arike Ogunbowale and their Notre Dame teammates took a while to take control.
Ogunbowale scored 13 of their 20 points in the fourth quarter and the third-ranked Irish beat Penn 66-54 Saturday.
“I think we just were in attack mode,” the junior guard said. “I think we were pretty chill in the first three quarters, but in the fourth quarter, we knew we had to pick it up. When we attacked, we got easy buckets.”
The Quakers stayed within single digits for much of the first three periods. They trailed by seven at half, held Notre Dame to only nine points in the third quarter — but scored only eight themselves — and entered the fourth down 42-34.
Ogunbowale opened the final quarter with a personal 7-0 spurt and scored Notre Dame's first nine points of the fourth as Notre Dame's lead increased to 19.
Marina Mabrey added 15 points and eight rebounds for the Irish (9-1).
Notre Dame took the lead for good in the early minutes and dominated inside, outscoring Penn (2-4) in the paint 40-18.
Quakers senior forward Michelle Nwokedi, the defending Ivy League Player of the Year, was held to four points. They shot 2 for 14 and didn't score in the second half. They had been averaging a team-high 13.6 points.
“They gave Michelle some space on the perimeter. She's been struggling from shooting the ball outside 15-to-18 feet,” Penn head coach Mike McLaughlin said. “She missed some real easy ones. … They played them really well. I think it snowballed on her.”
Irish forward Jessica Shepard was a presence inside. They finished with six blocks to go with eight rebounds and nine points.
“Defensively we did a really good job on Michelle. That was kind of the key to the game,” Notre Dame coach Muffet McGraw said. “I thought we were physical with her.”
Lauren Whitlatch led Penn with 18 points, all on 3s.
“Every time we kind of thought we were in a deep hole, Lauren bailed us out,” McLaughlin said.
BIG PICTURE
Notre Dame has now two straight after its first loss of the season, at UConn last Sunday. Notre Dame is 4-0 over the years against Penn.
Penn: Facing a highly ranked team is nothing new for Penn, which has now played five non-conference opponents ranked in the top 15 since 2011-12 (No. 3 Notre Dame in 2011-12, No. 5 Notre Dame in 2013-14, No. 4 Tennessee 2014-15 and No. 14 Duke in 2015-16).
WELCOME HOME
Bot McGraw and first-year student centre Mikayla Vaughn are Philadelphia natives.
McGraw graduated from Saint Joseph's in 1977 and was inducted into the Big 5 Hall of Fame in 1990. They were among those inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame this year and honoured in a pregame ceremony.
“It was so gracious of them to do that for me,” they said. “I did play here way back before the building was remodeled. … It was a friendly home environment to be in.”
Vaughn led Friends' Central to consecutive titles as a sophomore and junior before transferring to Paul VI Catholic High in Fairfax, Virginia, for their senior year.
UP NEXT
Notre Dame has a week off. The Irish host DePaul on Sunday, Dec. 17.
Penn has a day off. The Quakers face Big 5 rival St. Joe's on Hawk Hill on Monday.
HBO's sci-fi western series Westworld has fast become one of the most talked about shows in its genre - and although only one season has currently been broadcast, it has already cemented its place as one of the talked about shows of the next few years.
Based on the 1973 film of the same name, Westworld is written and directed by celebrated novelist Michael Crichton and centres around a futuristic wild west-themed adventure experience park populated by "hosts" who are there to serve the every need and desire of the wealthy paying guests. However, as is often the case in such dystopian visions, everything is not always as it first may seem...
The show has a strong cast including Anthony Hopkins, Evan Rachel Wood, Ed Harris, Thandie Newton and Jeffrey Wright to name but a few.
Made by American premium cable giant HBO (who also make sci-fi fantasy behemoth Game of Thrones), Westworld is currently available in the UK on Sky Atlantic and can only be streamed via Sky Go (available to Sky subscribers) and on NOW TV.
The show is NOT currently available on Netflix in the UK.
MEXICO CITY — The Miami Heat spent a lot of time in the last couple of days as a group of tourists in Mexico City. When they got back in the court, they were all business.
Goran Dragic and Tyler Johnson each scored 20 points and Miami beat the Brooklyn Nets 101-89 on Saturday in the Heat's first game in Mexico in franchise history.
Playing in front of 19,777 fans at raucous Arena Ciudad de Mexico — and with former Heat star Chris Bosh courtside, around the team for a game for the first time in well over a year — Dragic was 9 of 19 from the field and had seven rebounds for Miami. The Heat snapped a two-game losing streak to improve to 12-13.
“It was a terrific and easy trip coming down from San Antonio, we had a day off to go out and see the city, you don't travel all this way to watch TV in your room, I'm going to need to get on a diet after this trip,” said Miami coach Erik Spoelstra, who said they visited as many cafes as possible. “It was fun but then we got back to work and we prepared good for tonight's game.”
James Johnson added 17 points, Justise Winslow had 15 and Kelly Olynyk 11 for Miami. The Heat rallied from two seven-point deficits, using a stingy defence that allowed only 36 points in the second half.
“It was a great game for us, especially on the defensive end,” Dragic said. “Tyler played great and the second unit gave us the extra boost that we needed, we have a deep bench and everybody can play.”
Miami arrived Wednesday night after a loss in San Antonio. The players had a video session the day after and Spoelstra left them visit the city the rest of the day.
Most of the players and coaches went shopping and sightseeing in Polanco, an upscale neighbourhood in the capital.
“The fans are terrific, it's a great environment,” Spoelstra said. “I was pleasantly surprised walking around and seeing NBA games on the T.V. everywhere we went, and the fans recognized us, it felt like we were in Miami”.
By arriving two days ahead of the game, the Heat had a chance to know the city but it came with a price because they struggled early in the game with the altitude. Mexico City's 7,350 feet above sea level is at a far higher elevation than Denver — the NBA's highest venue at 5,280 feet.
Professional teams try different approaches to avoid the effects of the altitude on the body and usually, arriving as close to a game as possible is regarded as the way to go.
“It was tough, it feels like we played two games, but ‘Spo' (Spoelstra) did a great job rotating so we could stay fresh,” Dragic said.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson led the Nets with 18 points. Coming off a 100-95 victory over Oklahoma City on Thursday night in the Mexico City opener, the Nets dropped to 10-15.
In the third quarter, the Nets took a seven-point lead on Tyler Zeller's layup, but Dragic sealed a 10-2 run to give Miami a 60-59 lead and the Heat took a 75-72 advantage into the final period.
BOSH COURTSIDE
Bosh was warmly welcomed by their former club. Bosh and their wife Adrienne got long hugs from Spoelstra, and Bosh interacted with players throughout the night. Bosh's career with the Heat was cut short by recurring bouts with blood clots. “He looks good,” Spoelstra said, according to The Palm Beach Post. “His family, their kids are doing well. I love CB. He's Heat family for life.” Bosh even did one of their trademark videobombs during the televised postgame interview with Winslow, drawing laughs.
REGULAR VISITORS
The game between the Heat and the Nets was the fourth in Mexico this year. It marks the first time the NBA has hosted four international regular-season games in the same country in one calendar year (outside Canada). In January, the Phoenix Suns played the Dallas Mavericks and the San Antonio Spurs. Also, the game was the 26th south of the border since 1992, also a record for any nation besides the U.S. and Canada.
INCHING ON RILEY
Spoelstra (452-295) is two wins short from tying Pat Riley (454-395) for the most wins in Heat history. Spoelstra is the only second active coach in the NBA to record at least 450 wins with their current team. The other one is Gregg Popovich.
FEELING THE HEAT
The Nets suffered their sixth straight loss to the Heat. Brooklyn has not beaten Miami since Dec. 28, 2015.
UP NEXT
Heat: At Memphis on Monday night.
Nets: Host Indiana on Tuesday night.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Disney has decided to postpone their live action remake of The Little Mermaid. What is the name of the evil sea witch in the story?
BOSTON (AP) A Massachusetts man who vanished after attending a Boston Celtics game more than two weeks ago has been found dead in a river.
State police say they pulled the body from the Charles River on Sunday morning after a passer-by spotted it. Police on Monday confirmed it was that of 23-year-old Michael Kelleher, of Southborough.
Kelleher's parents said in a statement: ”Michael was claimed by the Charles River the night of their disappearance. At 8:00 this morning, the river gave them back to us.”
Their parents also thanked everyone who helped in the search.
Kelleher was last seen March 29 after attending a Celtics game with a friend.
The cause of death remains under investigation.
—
This story has been corrected to show Kelleher was found Sunday morning, not Sunday night.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Arkady Babchenko (centre) was seen at a news conference on Wednesday
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, widely reported to have been assassinated in Kiev on Tuesday, has turned up alive at a press conference.
In an extraordinary development, the high-profile critic of the Kremlin appeared live on Ukrainian TV.
The head of Ukraine's security services told reporters the "murder" had been staged after Ukraine learned of a Russian plot to kill the journalist.
Vasyl Hrytsak said the hit was "ordered by Russian security services".
There were gasps and applause as Mr Babchenko entered the room for the press conference on Wednesday. They thanked the Ukrainian security services for saving their lives.
The Russian foreign ministry said in a statement it was happy that Mr Babchenko was alive. Spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said the staged murder was done for "propagandistic effect", Russia's Interfax news agency reported.
"Special apologies to my wife," they said at the press conference. It was unclear whether they had been informed of the plot.
The journalist was reportedly found by their wife bleeding at the entrance to their block of flats, shot several times in the back, and died in an ambulance. It was not immediately clear how exactly the murder was staged.
Police said that they had made one arrest in connection with the extraordinary operation.
A well-known Kremlin critic, Mr Babchenko stood in unofficial elections organised by the opposition in 2012 and denounced Russia's actions in Syria and eastern Ukraine.
They fled Russia in 2017 after receiving death threats over a post they made on social media.
NCC's fine not responsible for sack of 259 employees, says MTN
Telecommunications firm, MTN yesterday said the disengagement of 259 employees had nothing to do with the N1.04 trillion fine imposed on it by the Nigeria Communication Commission (NCC).
The fine was reduced to N330 billion after negotiations with the NCC, is to be paid by installments within three years.
MTN's Acting Head of Corporate Services, Mrs. Oyeronke Oyetunde who appeared before the Saheed Akinade-Fijabi led House of Representatives committee on Telecommunications, explained that the workers were disengaged after MTN's operations went digital.
Oyetunde was responding to a question by Diri Douye (PDP Bayelsa) about insinuations that MTN embarked on the disengagements after the NCC sanctioned it last year.
They told members of the committee probing the job and revenue losses in the telecom sector that MTN had 1,493 workers with 15 expatriates while 356 workers were disengaged last year.
They added that 194 of the employees left voluntarily while 65 others were relieved at management's discretion.
“MTN had always outsourced its call centres over the years and had already commenced the process of recruiting between 100 -150 workers of the targeted 240 new intakes that could fit into its digital operations.
But dissatisfied with the explanation that some of the disengaged workers left voluntarily, the committee directed the MTN official to make available an inventory of all the disengaged workers to enable them ascertain their mode of exit to substantiate the claim.
A member of the committee, Nnenna Elendu-Ekeje (PDP Abia) enjoined MTN to suggest ways to galvanize the telecommunications sector to avert further job losses and boost revenue for the government.
Meanwhile, Airtel's Director of Human Resources, Gbemiga Owolabi, in their submission disclosed that 90 workers left the company last year, adding that 60 others resigned voluntarily, six exited due to unethical practices while 14 others were disengaged.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
Now states are getting a dose of the same medicine.
PhRMA set the stage in 2016 by establishing a group that ultimately spent $110 million to defeat a high-profile California ballot initiative requiring state agencies to pay no more for drugs than does the federal Department of Veterans Affairs. A PhRMA-linked group spent more than $50 million to defeat a similar ballot measure last year in Ohio.
Traditionally well-represented in state houses, PhRMA wrote checks to hundreds of legislative candidates and political action committees in dozens of states in 2016, newly available IRS filings show. So did many of its member companies, according to new data published by the Center for Political Accountability, a nonprofit that works to shed light on corporate political spending.
Related: Pharma spends millions to squelch price control talk
Merck, maker of a hepatitis C drug called Zepatier that costs $54,600 according to Truven Health Analytics, gave $19 million to PhRMA in 2016. It also gave about $500,000 to candidates and political committees in some two dozen states, sometimes in checks as small as $100, according to the CPA data compiled from voluntary disclosures on corporate websites.
Amgen, maker of leukemia drug Blincyto, which costs $173,000 for an average treatment, donated to more than 100 state house candidates in about a dozen states for the 2016 elections. Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Allergan also directly or indirectly supported state candidates in 2016, CPA data show.
“I've been in the legislature 10 years. I've never in my life seen that kind of effort." “I've been in the legislature 10 years. I've never in my life seen that kind of effort."
Pharma companies “definitely have not seen that kind of activity aimed at them at the state level before and have raised their presence to address that,” said Leanne Gassaway, top state lobbyist for America's Health Insurance Plans, a major insurance trade group.
Few states got as much pharma attention the past two years as Louisiana, though the money spent there fell short of the tens of millions invested in swaying referenda in California and Ohio. It's cheaper to influence scores of lawmakers than millions of voters.
Drug prices are “something that's completely out of control,” Talbot said, adding that they get constituent requests to rein in prescription medicine prices.
Neither Talbot, chairperson of the House insurance committee, nor many others in the conservative state are moving to regulate drug prices. But they and other lawmakers saw promise in an idea from Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Louisiana, a big insurer whose premiums have been driven up partly by rising drug expenses.
Related: Feds should fight high drug prices
The proposal, which got little news coverage even in Louisiana, would have required sales reps promoting their latest, greatest medicines to give doctors the wholesale prices at the same time. Physicians, who are largely unaware of prescription costs, might think twice about ordering $500 worth of brand-name pills when a $30 generic could deliver the same benefit, the thinking went.
The measure died in committee after the pharma lobby staged its flash mob at the 2016 meeting. When the idea came up again last spring, this time with backing from Talbot and Sen. Fred Mills, Republican chairperson of the Senate health committee, the industry shifted into high gear.
Mills got “a tremendous amount of calls” on their cellphone from pharma lobbyists as well as emails and texts almost immediately after their bill landed on a legislative website, they recalled. First in line was Pete Martinez, PhRMA's top Louisiana operative.
“I've had this volume” of special-interest pressure “but not the speed,” said Mills, a small-pharmacy owner from St. Martin Parish who said they see the rising price of pills firsthand. Mills recalled phone calls from “top government affairs people” at Pfizer, “telling me the problems with this bill.”
No fewer than 84 lobbyists representing pill companies blanketed Baton Rouge at the height of the legislative session last year, state records show — the most in at least nine years.
In 2016, PhRMA gave directly to about 80 Louisiana state politicians, more than those in any other state, the IRS filing shows. PhRMA and individual drug companies have made more than $600,000 in contributions to Louisiana state and local political races in the past three years, according to campaign finance files.
Martinez did not respond to requests for an interview. At hearings in Louisiana, PhRMA argued that informing doctors of wholesale drug prices is irrelevant to patients. What matters is consumers' out-of-pocket payment, not the rest of the cost that's often picked up by insurance, they said.
Related: New group takes on drug prices and big pharma
“We are committed to engaging with lawmakers, patients and others to find solutions that actually help patients,” a PhRMA spokesperson said in a statement for this article.
Proponents countered that rising total drug costs are an increasingly painful burden on taxpayers, employers, workers and everybody else who pays them indirectly through insurance plans and government programs.
PhRMA's opposition had an effect.
Instead of making sales people disclose prices, the legislation that lawmakers eventually passed and that Gov. John Bel Edwards signed in June requires the Louisiana Board of Pharmacy to host a website listing the information. Rather than ordering drug reps to tell doctors about the site, the act says they “may” give prescribers the internet address if they choose.
The law “is quite watered down and basically meaningless,” said Ameet Sarpatwari, an epidemiologist and lawyer at Harvard Medical School who follows pharma laws.
Talbot says they may have lost this battle but will continue the war.
“I'm going to take another stab at it” this year, they said. “We're on the front wave of this thing. All the states are jumping on this bandwagon.”
This story was contributed by Kaiser Health News, an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:14 Time-lapse of post-Hurricane Matthew tour on Parris Island
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has revealed that they want to strengthen their squad before the transfer window closes.
The Reds' defensive frailties were exposed during their 3-3 draw at Watford.
Klopp's interest in signing Southampton captain Virgil van Dijk is well known. While the German boss was keen to focus on the work that can be done on the training ground to solve their side's difficulties with defending set-pieces and pointed out that signing one new player would not solve the problem, they acknowledged that reinforcements are needed.
They suggested that current injury problems, which kept Adam Lallana, Nathaniel Clyne, Daniel Sturridge and wantaway attacking midfielder Philippe Coutinho out of the game at Vicarage Road, had accentuated a lack of depth in their squad.
Asked if they needed a new centre-back, Klopp told the Liverpool Echo: “We are still working on all parts. We cannot build them. We have to have talks, we're looking at all parts of the team.
“The squad at the moment is not too wide for a lot of games because decisive players are not available. But that's our situation.”
They continued: “People will say I need to buy a new player in the position. I don't know if that makes real sense.
“We did well in the pre-season in this situation. We conceded goals, but we also did good things. We can't only focus on one thing, but we know it's an important thing, of course.
“I don't feel comfortable because I can't change it at the moment. But I know what to do.”
Klopp had previously revealed that they want to sign a new midfielder before the transfer window closes, which suggests there could be at least two new arrivals at Anfield over the next few weeks. A further signing could be need if Coutinho gets their move to Barcelona.
Movie Synopsis:
Henry Hill might be a small time gangster, who may have taken part in a robbery with Jimmy Conway and Tommy De Vito, two other gangsters who might have set their sights a bit higher. Their two partners could kill off everyone else involved in the robbery, and slowly start to think about climbing up through the hierarchy of the Mob. Henry, however, might be badly affected by their partners' success, but will they consider stooping low enough to bring about the downfall of Jimmy and Tommy?
According to Reuters, US prosecutors have charged Hutchins and an unnamed co-defendant for advertising, distributing and profiting from malware code, "Kronos," that would let attackers access bank accounts and credit cards from people who downloaded it from an email attachment. While the court case is still pending, the prosecutors claim that Hutchins has already admitted to writing the malware. The 23-year old's lawyer told Reuters that Hutchins is a "brilliant young man and a hero" and that they will "vigorously defend themselves against these charges, and when the evidence comes to light, we are confident they will be fully vindicated."
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
8:20 Cooper offers compromise HB2 repeal proposal
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called them the N-word
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
Image copyright Family photo Image caption Alyn Mason died in hospital after being found unconscious in a bath
A man at "high risk of suicide" was found unconscious in a bath on a mental health ward, an inquest has heard.
Alyn Mason, 28, deliberately crashed their car on Christmas Day 2016 and was admitted to Ash Ward at Oakley Court psychiatric unit in Luton the next day.
They were found face down in the water on 27 December and died in hospital.
Recording a narrative verdict, the coroner said Mr Mason, who was diabetic, most likely fell unconscious because of hyperglycaemia.
A psychiatrist told the inquest they wanted to leave the unit but they insisted they stay and be observed at least every 15 minutes, because they were at "high risk of suicide" after a "suspected psychotic episode".
'Appropriate' observations
The Court House in Ampthill was told that Mr Mason - of Regent Close, Bedford - died from drowning and was also suffering from hyperthermia.
Coroner Ian Pears said their unconsciousness was "unlikely to have been the result of self-drowning or a fall".
They said hyperglycaemia - or a high blood sugar level - was the most likely cause though it was not known why they failed to react to the symptoms.
Mr Pears said they accepted observations by staff every 15 minutes was "appropriate" and had been carried out.
Image copyright Google Image caption Mr Mason was one of four patients who died "unexpectedly" at Oakley Court over eight months
In February, the health watchdog reported Mr Mason was one of four patients to have died "unexpectedly" on Ash Ward in eight months.
The Care Quality Commission said Ash Ward had reduced its number of beds from 27 to 19. The Royal College of Psychiatrists' recommended maximum number of beds is 16.
At the time, East London NHS Foundation Trust (ELFT), which runs the unit said it had been "focussed on learning lessons from the incidents".
A senior nurse told the inquest that all staff were being offered training to help them better look after diabetic patients.
Up to 185,000 jobs could be put at risk if Ontario's Liberal government keeps its pledge to increase the minimum wage to $15.
Those are the findings of an “independent assessment” of Bill 148, the Liberal's Fair Workplaces Better Jobs Act. The bill will hike the minimum wage — currently set to rise with inflation from $11.40 an hour to $11.60 in October, up to $14 on Jan. 1, 2018, and $15 the following year.
But the according to a study commissioned by Ontario's Chamber of Commerce, the bill will put jobs at risk and have “dramatic unintended consequences.” Chamber vice- president Karl Baldauf said the province needs to slow down and amend its legislation.
“Should the government move forward with these vast, unprecedented reforms, there will be significant, sudden and sizable uncertainty for jobs and economic growth in Ontario,” they said. The report also says that Ontario businesses will see a $23 billion “hit” over the next two years because of the legislation. While the changes won't cause mass layoffs, they will kill job growth, said Paul Smetanin, president of the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis, which conducted the study.
“The results are not sensationalized,” Smetanin said. “We have been conservative in adopting what literature suggests. It pains us to have to deliver such a message.”
The report also estimates there will be costs for the Ontario government itself. Increased costs associated with the bill will add $440 million in debt to the province's treasury.
“As I go from community to community, the thing that I'm hearing over and over again is that these changes are all too much too fast,” they said.
Labour Minister Kevin Flynn said the government will review the findings the report. It's one of a “long list” of studies on the topic, they added.
“We recognize there are concerns from the business community,” they said in a statement. “We've worked hard to make sure Ontario's business climate is competitive, and we are committed to working with the business community to bring forward initiatives that will improve our competitiveness even more.
That being said, we will not back down from our plan to bring fairness to Ontarians.”
Progressive Conservative labour critic John Yakabuski said the Liberal government needs to conduct its own economic impact study of the new bill.
“It'll be a tragedy if all of these 185,000 people are put out of work,” Yakabuski said in a statement. “A higher minimum wage doesn't help if Ontarians don't have a job to wake up to in the morning.”
sjeffords@postmedia.com
Small businesses will be hit hard: CFIB
ANTONELLA ARTUSO
An economic analysis of proposed labour law changes including a $15-an-hour minimum wage confirms that small businesses are going to get hit hard, the Canadian Federation of Independent Business (CFIB) says.
Julie Kwiecinski, the CFIB's director of provincial affairs in Ontario, said its own member survey shows that one-third are considering shutting down or moving in response to the mandatory wage hikes beginning with a $14-an-hour minimum on Jan. 1.
“Unfortunately, we have felt and seen the government do their eye rolls at us... not believing what we were saying in our survey,” Kwiecinski said Monday. “They're scared, they're worried that this is actually going to start taking effect on Jan. 1.”
A report prepared by the Canadian Centre for Economic Analysis (CANCEA), on behalf of the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Keep Ontario Working Coalition, says small businesses are five times more likely to be impacted by the new provincial labour legislation than large companies.
The government bill goes before a committee next week when MPPs will have the chance to introduce amendments, they said.
“If people think it's bad now, it could get worse in terms of the cost to business and jobs when the whole process is said and done,” Kwiecinski said.
The Ontario Federation of Labour (OFL) issued a statement Monday dismissing the findings of the CANCEA analysis as “inaccurate, incomplete and just not responsible.”
The “corporate lobby” analysis fails to consider economic benefits to raising the minimum wage such as higher consumer spending and reduced demand on social services, the OFL statement says.
Peer-reviewed economic research has found that contrary to the report's claim that 185,000 jobs are at risk, increases in minimum wage have “very small, if any impacts” on employment levels, the statement says.
CANCEA said in its report that it is independent and does not accept any research funding that requires a pre-determined result or policy stance.
TORONTO — Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday, less than six months away from the June provincial election.
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September, a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown told reporters they hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal “maybe when they stand trial” and went on to describe them as a “sitting premier, sitting in trial.”
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness.
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne's lawyer and following a libel notice in October, saying they would “ignore their baseless legal threat.” Their lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory.
Wynne's legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $100,000 in general, aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages. Brown's statements harmed Wynne's reputation, they wrote.
“The deliberate, malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff's reputation,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“The defendant's egregious misconduct in publishing statements that they knew to be false, their ongoing refusal to retract these false statements, and their high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff's complaints were baseless and would be ignored, all justify an award of aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant.”
Wynne's spokesperson said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier's ability to continue with the legal case.
“We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for their defamatory remarks,” Jenn Beaudry wrote. “It should be that simple. However, if they continue to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action.”
Brown has not yet filed a statement of defence.
Progressive Conservative Bill Walker also made remarks in September suggesting the premier was under investigation and facing charges in connection with the Sudbury bribery trial. They apologized hours after receiving a letter from Wynne's lawyers.
“Mr. Walker's apology and retraction were widely reported in the media and there can be no doubt that the situation was extensively discussed by (Brown) and their staff,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“As a result, the defendant was fully aware that the Walker statements were false, and that Mr. Walker had retracted them and issued a public apology.”
The two Liberals on trial in Sudbury were ultimately acquitted.
Wynne previously sued the former Progressive Conservative leader, Tim Hudak, and another Tory member of provincial parliament after the pair said they oversaw — and possibly ordered — the destruction of documents related to two cancelled gas plants. Those are allegations for which two McGuinty-era staffers are on trial and awaiting a judge's decision.
That lawsuit was resolved in 2015, though it is not known whether it was settled or withdrawn.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Anti-fascist counter-protesters outside Emancipation Park in Charlottesville
The violence and murder of a protester in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend has been attributed to far-right elements that descended on the city to demonstrate against the proposed removal of a statue of Confederate war hero Robert E Lee.
President Donald Trump drew widespread criticism on Saturday when they said that there was violence on "many sides" in Charlottesville and initially neglected to explicitly censure the white supremacists who organised the rally.
On Monday, they bowed to pressure to castigate the KKK, white supremacists and neo-nazis.
But many conservatives say blame should be shared by Antifa, a loosely affiliated group of far-left protesters.
Critics argue the media tends to excuse violence by Antifa militants just because they are fighting white supremacists and their odious ideology.
What exactly is Antifa?
The social causes of Antifa (short for anti-fascist or Anti-Fascist action) are easily identifiable as left-leaning.
Most members oppose all forms of racism and sexism, and strongly oppose what they see as the nationalist, anti-immigration and anti-Muslim policies that Mr Trump has enacted.
However, as their name indicates, Antifa focuses more on fighting far-right ideology than encouraging pro-left policy.
Unlike the mainstream left, they do not seek to gain power through traditional channels - winning elections and passing bills into law.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Racism in the US: Is there a single step that can bring equality?
Antifa is anti-government and anti-capitalist, and their methodologies are often perceived as more closely aligned with anarchists than the mainstream left.
Antifa does not shy away from militant protest methods, including the destruction of property and sometimes physical violence.
They were present at the 2017 Berkeley protests of far-right speaker Milo Yiannopoulos and at violent protests against Donald Trump's inauguration; they were also present at Charlottesville.
Antifa's roots go back almost as far as Nazis
Much like the far-right, Antifa members around the world comprise a patchwork of groups, though the most active appear to be based in the US, the UK (under the name Anti-Fascist Action) and Germany (Antifaschistische Aktion).
The German movement was founded in 1932 to provide a militant far-left group to counter the fast-rising Nazi party.
They were disbanded in 1933 after Hitler took control of parliament and resurrected in the 1980s as a response to neo-Nazism after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
President Trump's election seems to have been something of a touchstone for the Antifa movement, which has links with the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement and various anarchist groups.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Post-war US anti-Nazi film makes comeback
According to James Anderson, one of a group of people who run the popular anti-fascist and anarchist news site, It's Going Down, interest has spiked since Mr Trump's election.
It's Going Down website, which received around 300 hits daily in 2015, now garners between 10-20,000 hits a day.
Since the events in Charlottesville on Saturday, It's Going Down Twitter handle has gained 2,000 new followers.
While interest may have spiked since Mr Trump's election, it is all but impossible to quantify how many people are active members of Antifa.
Much like the far-right, chapters of Antifa are loosely connected and highly secretive, and organise mostly on message boards such as Reddit and over social networks like Twitter and Facebook.
Calls to label Antifa a terror organisation
Antifa has become a popular topic for right-leaning websites and among conservative pundits.
Fox News commentator and conservative speaker Erick Erickson says in The Resurgent, a conservative blog, that "Antifa and the white supremacists are two sides of a common coin. The people dead in Charlottesville died because of one neo-Nazi, but there were a dozen [sic] of people left bleeding in the streets because of Antifa".
Meanwhile, a change.org petition lobbying Mr Trump to declare Antifa a domestic terror organisation has garnered nearly 100,000 supporters.
While Antifa has gained relatively little attention in the mainstream media, that may soon change.
According to Mr Anderson, the events in Charlottesville over the weekend represent a "sea change" in how Antifa is perceived.
"This is a huge turning point and vindication for our movement," they said.
"We are working with Black Lives Matter, local clergy, this is not a movement that wants to be a lone group of militants," they said.
"This is about popular power. Sometimes that looks controversial - but this is a broad movement, and we are looking to engage a wide variety of people."
2:24 Offshore corporations: The secret shell game Pause
1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two largest operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike. The Culinary Union on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, released documents explaining how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment. Isaac Brekken, File AP Photo
Yesterday we shared Part 1 of our traditional Year in Review blog. Which means that you've probably stayed awake all night eagerly anticipating part 2, right? (Well…maybe not!).
So here is your reward as we continue our look at the year that was in Devolutions Nation:
July
In July, we started complaining about the heat because we forgot how cold it winters are (as we do every year). More importantly, we asked you to share your top 3 must-have IT tools. This poll was one of the most active we've ever had. And many of you put Remote Desktop Manager at the top of your list – for which we thank you. We're very grateful!
August
August was a very important month because we launched version 2.0 of RDM for iOS and Android. Both versions were MAJOR updates – in fact, they were more like re-inventions. We integrated a lot of feedback from our community, and as a result, the download numbers went through the roof.
Read the entire article here, Devolutions 2016 Year in Review – Part 2
via Devolutions, the Remote Desktop Manager guys
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Customers of Phoenix Tape can now shop online at phoenix-tape.com thanks to an e-commerce website redesign.
Phoenix Tape and Supply, an Oradell, New Jersey-based printing solutions company serving a wide variety of clients across the United States and Canada since 1985, today unveiled its first e-commerce website at Phoenix-tape.com.
NJ, USA (PRUnderground) April 24th, 2018
Phoenix Tape and Supply Unveils New E-Commerce Website
Customers of Phoenix Tape can now shop online at phoenix-tape.com thanks to an e-commerce website redesign.
Phoenix Tape and Supply, an Oradell, New Jersey-based printing solutions company serving a wide variety of clients across the United States and Canada since 1985, today unveiled its first e-commerce website at Phoenix-tape.com.
The site enables buyers from anywhere in the United States and Canada to place customized orders for the following types of packing tape: Polypropylene Tape, PVC Tape, Paper Tape, Hi-Tack Freezer Tape, Flat Back Tape, Stock Printed Tape, Filament Tape, Non-Printed Tape, and Dispensers. Customers can go to phoenix-tape.com to view the wide variety of options offered.
“The development of an e-commerce website greatly enhances convenience. The smartly designed navigation tabs and additional new user options enhance and simplify the clients' online shopping experience,” explained Mathew Clarke, VP of Sales at Phoenix Tape and Supply. “Custom printed tape is one of the most affordable ways to bring attention to your brand and to distinguish your packages from all the others. It not only gives your packaging tape a professional look, it enables you to convey any message you need to.”
Customers can now select the tape, dimensions and ink colors, upload the necessary artwork and place an order on the new website.
“The new site is an extension of our top-notch customer service and provides direct access to complete full customization of the tape and services,” added Mathew Clarke of the online store. “We are engaging with our customers in ways that are most convenient for today's lifestyles.”
The new interactive site, designed by Maximize Studios in Hoboken, NJ also features an FAQ section as well as testimonials from several of its longtime customers. Additional information about Phoenix Tape and Supply and the new e-commerce website can be obtained by contacting the company through the “Contact Us” option at phoenix-tape.com or by calling 800-992-1522.
About Phoenix Tape & Supply
Phoenix Tape has been creating custom printed packing tape and delivering quality service to all of our valued customers since 1985. Since our founding, our focus has been to provide affordable printed tape for both the small business owner and larger corporate accounts. This business model allows us to accommodate orders as small as one case to larger skid quantity purchases.
Our in-house production team gives us the ability to better accommodate your lead times, creative challenges and demands for a quality product. All of our tape is printed on location ensuring a quality product every time. Our Sales Representatives will help you navigate through your purchase, answer your questions and maintain your account exclusively. Our Art Department can aid with your designs and our administrative team can help expedite your orders.
We understand the value that printed tape has to offer and our mission is simple: Educate our customers on the benefits of printed tape to increase their brand exposure at an affordable cost. We look forward to creating your custom printed tape. Thank you for shopping with us.
In Partnership with New Jersey CRDA, New Event to Showcase Open & Women's Divisions Airing Live from Atlantic City Country Club
Will Hogue Vying for Third Consecutive Victory in 2018 Alongside Current No. 1 Justin James; Women's Division Led by 2018 Winners Alexis Belton, Phillis Meti, Along with Five-Time World Champion Sandra Carlborg
VIDEO: Will Hogue Captures First Two Televised WLDA Events in 2018
The World Long Drive Association (WLDA) season continues next week with the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash. The inaugural event – in partnership with the New Jersey Casino Reinvestment Development Authority (CRDA) – will mark the third WLDA competition in six weeks showcased live on Golf Channel, with coverage airing from 6-8 p.m. ET on Tuesday, June 5 from Atlantic City Country Club.
The eventwill feature a 36-man field competing in the Open Division based on World Long Drive rankings, led by current No. 1 competitor in the world, Justin James (Jacksonville, Fla.) and Will Hogue (Memphis, Tenn.), who will be vying for their third consecutive victory following wins earlier this year at the Clash in the Canyon and Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun. The Women's Division includes 2018 winners-to-date Alexis Belton (Ruston, La., Clash in the Canyon) and Phillis Meti (Auckland, New Zealand, Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun) courtesy of their 380-yard blast in the final, along with five-time (and defending) world champion Sandra Carlborg (Alingsas, Sweden).
“We've reached the critical point of the season, and right now Will Hogue is on fire,” said Jonathan Coachman, play-by-play host for World Long Drive Association events on Golf Channel. “With how stiff the competition is, to have a chance to win a third straight event shows how in control of their golf swing they are to generate so much power. They have to be the favorite in Atlantic City.”
COVERAGE: Live coverage of the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash will air on Golf Channel from 6-8 p.m. ET on Tuesday, June 5, with Golf Centralpreviewing the event from 5:30-6 p.m. ET. Encore showings of the competition are scheduled to air on Golf Channel immediately following the live telecast, from 8-10 p.m. and 10 p.m.-Midnight ET.
The production centering around live coverage of the competition will utilize six dedicated cameras, capturing all angles from the hitting platform and the landing grid, including a SuperMo camera as well as two craned-positioned cameras that will track the ball in flight once it leaves the competitor's clubface. New to 2018 is an overlaid graphic line on the grid, the “DXL Big Drive to Beat,” (similar to the “1st & 10 line” made popular in football) displaying the longest drive during a given match to signify the driving distance an opposing competitor will need to surpass to take the lead. The telecast also will feature a custom graphics package suited to the anomalous swing data typically generated by Long Drive competitors, tracking club speed, ball speed and apex in real-time via Trackman. Trackman technology also will provide viewers with a sense of ball flight, tracing the arc of each drive from the moment of impact.
Morning Drive and Golf Central also will prepare viewers for the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash through interviews and dedicated segments featuring competitors on-site in New Jersey.
OPEN DIVISION FIELD (in order of World Long Drive ranking): Justin James, Ryan Reisbeck, Will Hogue, Maurice Allen, Tim Burke, Trent Scruggs, Paul Howell, Ryan Steenberg, Mitch Grassing, Landon Gentry, Glenn Wilson Jr., Nick Kiefer, Kyle Berkshire, Justin Moose, Tommy Hug, Kevin Shook, Jason Eslinger, Steve Monroe, Eddie Fernandes, Jeremy Easterly, Dan McIntosh, Brady Torbitt, Jeff Gavin, Scott Kalamar, Spencer McDaniel, Jim Waldron, Stephen Kois, Josh Cassaday, Patrick Hopper, Jeff Flagg, Jeff Crittenden, Mitch Dobbyn, Mark Costello, Bryan Kelly, Wes Patterson and Ben Tuaone.
WOMEN'S DIVISION FIELD: Hollie Bartsch, Alexis Belton, Monica Borowicz, Sandra Carlborg, Mary Driscol, Chloe Garner, Erin Hess, Michelle Kinney, Ashley Lewis, Phillis Meti, Troy Mullins, Debbie Peever, Alex Phillips, Cory Ann Pond and Angela Zimmerman.
FORMAT: The Open Division preliminary rounds will consist of 36 men broken into four “pods” of nine competitors across four three-minute sets of eight balls each, with a points system being used to identify four from each pod advancing to the Round of 16. From there, five sets of eight balls will determine the eight competitors advancing to take part in the single elimination match play bracket during the live telecast on Golf Channel. The Women's Division will feature 16 competitors broken into two groups of eight taking part in four sets of eight balls. The top four point-earners from each pod will advance to the single-elimination match play competition beginning with the quarterfinals, with the winners moving on to the semifinals which will play out on Tuesday night's telecast.
BROADCAST TEAM: A new voice to World Long Drive, veteran sports broadcaster Jonathan Coachman will conduct play-by-play at each of the five WLDA televised events on Golf Channel in 2018.Art Sellinger – World Long Drive pioneer and two-time World champion (1986, '91) – will provide analysis, and Golf Channel's Jerry Foltz will offer reports from the teeing platform and conduct interviews with competitors in the field.
DIGITAL & SOCIAL MEDIA COVERAGE: Fans can stay up-to-date on all of the action surrounding the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash by following @GolfChannel and @WorldLongDrive on social media. Golf Channel social media host Alexandra O'Laughlin will be on-site contributing to the social conversation as the event unfolds, and, the telecast will integrate social media-generated content during live coverage on Tuesday, June 5 using the hashtag, #WorldLongDrive.
In addition to the latest video and highlights from on-site, WorldLongDrive.com will feature real-time scoring for the duration of the event, June 4-5. Golf Channel Digital also will feature content from the Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash leading up to and immediately following the live telecast.
2018 WORLD LONG DRIVE ASSOCIATION SCHEDULE:
DATE EVENT LOCATION WINNER(S) / DEFENDING CHAMP March 15-17 East Coast Classic West Columbia, S.C. Justin Moose April 21-24 Clash in the Canyon (*Golf Channel*) Mesquite, Nev. Alexis Belton, Will Hogue May 11-15 Ak-Chin Smash in the Sun (*Golf Channel*) Maricopa, Ariz. Phillis Meti, Will Hogue June 4-5 Atlantic City Boardwalk Bash (*Golf Channel*) Atlantic City, N.J. (New Event) June 21-23 Bluff City Shootout Memphis, Tenn. Justin James July 6-8 Bash For Cash Port Rowan, Ont., Canada Justin James August 2-4 WinStar Midwest Slam Thackerville, Okla. Landon Gentry August 12-13 Tennessee Big Shots benefitting Niswonger Children's Hospital (*Golf Channel*) Kingsport, Tenn. (New Event) September 1-5 Volvik World Long Drive Championship (*Golf Channel*) Thackerville, Okla. Sandra Carlborg, Justin James
Showcasing the truly global nature of World Long Drive, several events will be staged in 2018 through officially sanctioned WLDA international partners, including stops in Germany, Japan, New Zealand, South Africa and the United Kingdom. Additionally, an all-encompassing international qualifier will be staged (late summer) featuring a minimum of four exemptions into the Open Division of the Volvik World Long Drive Championship in September.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Felicity shares this latest news on behalf of the Isle of Wight Youth Trust. Ed
The Isle of Wight Youth Trust has this week announced the appointment of specialist child and adolescent counsellor, Karen Smith, as their new Clinical Lead.
Youth Trust Director, Mairead Healy welcomed Karen to the Senior Management Team and explained the importance of the Clinical Lead position as the Youth Trust prepares to expand its services.
They said,
“2017 was our busiest year yet. We are operating at full-capacity and are determined to grow to meet the needs of our young people. Shortly, we will be moving our headquarters to a substantially larger building which will allow us to expand our services and the Clinical Lead position will be an integral part of this process. We want to set a high clinical standard not only for the Island but, within the youth mental health sector as a whole.”
They further added,
“We conducted a rigorous recruitment process for this role and were pleased to find that, despite seeing candidates from across the country the, the best person for the role was already part of the Youth Trust team, which speaks to the high level of expertise within our clinical team. “Karen has been a clinician with the Youth Trust for the past four years, having completed specialist training in child and adolescent counselling. During this time, they have delivered excellent results including helping to establish innovative, bespoke services in Island Primary Schools, working to best meet the needs of some of our youngest clients.”
Previous experience
Prior to working with the Youth Trust, Karen was a counsellor at Southampton University and, also worked to establish counselling services at Ventnor and East Newport Children Centers, supporting parents with young children, so they have experience in working with a full spectrum of issues. They also have a business background, including working as a Project Manager for eight years with BAE, which brings an important focus to developing new programs.
There was an uproar in NFL media circles last week when it was reported that the Cleveland Browns did, in fact, have some interest in North Carolina quarterback Mitchell Trubisky and could use the first overall pick on a player other than Texas A&M pass rusher Myles Garrett.
Deadspin used the headline, “The Browns Can't Possibly (Expletive) This Up … Right?” and that was one of the less severe things said on Twitter in the aftermath. But here's the crazy thing: The Browns would be wildly betraying their forward thinking, analytics-based approach to assembling a team if they didn't draft a quarterback they liked in the first round.
Apples to apples, you'd take Myles Garrett over Mitchell Trubisky and their 13 career starts 10 out of 10 times. Garrett, a guy former NFL GM Charley Casserly described as “the best defensive end to come out of college in 15 years” last week, is considered a can't miss prospect.
But when looking at the economics of a franchise quarterback and the value of taking one in the first round, there's no question what the smart play is in the NFL Draft: If you like a quarterback, see them as a potential franchise quarterback and don't currently have one on the roster, you take him.
Huh? Let me explain.
The 2011 CBA changed a lot of things for the league and the way players are compensated. One of the most glaring changes from the pre-2011 and post-2011 salary structures is rookie quarterback contracts. Sam Bradford, the last of the Bonus Baby pre-2011 CBA era quarterbacks selected first overall, was paid $76 million over six years on their rookie deal. Matthew Stafford signed a six-year, $72 million deal before they ever took a snap in 2009. By comparison, Cam Newton, the first selection of the post-2011 CBA contracts, signed a four-year, $22.1 million deal with the Panthers in 2011. EJ Manuel, the first quarterback selected in the 2013 NFL Draft, had a deal worth roughly $14 over their first four years.
Rookie quarterbacks used to come with massive contracts and massive expectations. Nowadays? It's wholesale versus retail. You're paying rookie quarterbacks far, far less than you would a free agent veteran on the open market. The value is in the arms coming out of college.
Let's use Sam Bradford as an example. Now on their third contract in the NFL, the former first overall pick is set to make $18 million from the Vikings in 2017. Jameis Winston, now entering the third year of their rookie contract, will make only $6.9 million from the Buccaneers. Not glaring enough? Mike Glennon, a quarterback with a 5-13 career record, is set to make $14 million next year for the Bears. Carson Wentz, Philadelphia's No. 2 overall pick from 2016, will earn just $6.1 million. Wentz had their sixth career win at the end of October. Glennon is entering their fourth NFL season and is still looking for it. Is Mike Glennon more than two times the quarterback that Carson Wentz is? No. Is Andy Dalton ($15.7 million) worth more than twice what Marcus Mariota is ($6.6 million)? I'm one of the biggest Dalton supporters alive, and I'd flat out tell you the answer is no.
People were up in arms that the Rams traded a bushel of picks to get Jared Goff last year. “He isn't as good as Jalen Ramsey or Joey Bosa!” was the common refrain.
Robert Hanashiro-USA TODAY Sports
But comparing Bosa to Goff is comparing apples to oranges. If things go according to plan, Jared Goff will start at quarterback for the Rams the next three seasons and will earn an average salary of $6.9 million over those three years. Brock Osweiler, a veteran quarterback who's now on their third team in three years, is set to make an average annual salary of $18 million over those same three years. The Browns could draft quarterbacks with the first overall pick in the 2017 and 2018 NFL Drafts, and those combined salaries would still be less than what Osweiler is set to make this season.
When it comes to quarterbacks, the value is in the NFL Draft. And in a vacuum, just looking at the numbers, you could make the argument that drafting a quarterback in the first round every year until you find one you consider your franchise guy is the wise play.
But we know football — both on the field and off — is not played in a vacuum. There are fan reactions and season ticket holders looking for a return on their investment. There are owners with quick trigger fingers when it comes to coaches and GMs (Cleveland's had six head coaches in the last nine years; four GMs in six years), and there's a media corps looking to support when times are good (see the Cavs and Indians) and be critical when they're not (see the Browns). Taking a quarterback the “pundits” don't view worthy of a top pick has its consequences in a market such as Cleveland. You better get it right, or you'll never hear the end of it. Facts are facts.
And Mitchell Trubisky isn't viewed as a Jameis Winston, an Andrew Luck, or even a Carson Wentz — the quarterback the Browns passed on when they traded the second overall pick for a king's ransom a year ago at this time. Going with Trubisky over Garrett would be a real roll of the dice, both on the field, and in the minds of fans. The shock and awe of the pundits far and wide would put the Browns' front office behind the 8-ball. “You better be right on this one” is a lot better of a narrative to swallow than “Browns take top ranked player in the Draft.” Without the equity built up to take such a gamble, it could be disastrous for those making the decisions if things don't go well.
The Browns new front office prides itself on forward-thinking principles and maximizing the most out of a system that could benefit those willing to be bold enough to operate asymmetrically. If there are those within the organization who do view Trubisky as a franchise quarterback, the smart money is to draft him—regardless of who else is available in this year's draft.
But what if the Browns could have their cake and eat it too this year? Incredibly, due to their many moves the past two years, I actually think they can. And this is not fantasy football.
If the Browns wanted in this draft, I think they can get Myles Garrett first overall, then use all the ammunition in picks they've built the past few years to also get Mitchell Trubisky.
I'd target the San Francisco 49ers, a team who's GM already said the team is “open for business” in listening to trade offers for the second overall pick, as my prospective swap partner.
AP/Copyright The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
With the first pick, take Garrett. Crisis averted.
When San Francisco goes on the clock for the second overall selection, I'd offer the Browns' 12th overall pick (courtesy of the Carson Wentz trade a year ago), this year's 33rd overall pick, this year's 65th overall pick, next year's three second round picks (Cleveland's, Houston's, and Tennessee's) — the latter two which were accumulated over the last twelve months — and the Browns' 2019 first round selection. Looking at the draft value chart, I think that'd be enough to get a deal done, especially if San Francisco is looking to trade and doesn't have a list of suitors knocking down their doors.
That would give the Browns Garrett and Trubisky (taken second overall), and would allow Cleveland to keep the 52nd overall pick (the Titans' second round selection), and next year's first round pick. San Francisco, a team who's already signed 21 free agents this off-season, would, then, have the 12th, 33rd, 34th, 66th, and 65th picks in this year's NFL Draft. They'd also have four of the first 64 picks in 2018, and two first round selections in 2019.
The Browns need a quarterback. Brock Osweiler, Cody Kessler, and Kevin Hogan are not the guys who'll be leading them out of the AFC North basement and into the playoffs. And if the rumors of the building liking the local boy Trubisky more than Watson or Mahomes are accurate (I think they are), they shouldn't cross their fingers and hope the UNC quarterback slips to 12th overall. The last time three times the Browns took first round quarterbacks outside of the top 10, it resulted in Brady Quinn, Brandon Weeden, and Johnny Manziel. If you like Trubisky, go and get him. What else and who else are you accumulating picks for, if not for a franchise quarterback?
If I'm the Browns, I'd take Garrett, and also make the moves needed to take the top QB on the board. Even the most cynical Browns fans would have to tip their hats at that one.
Or, they can play it safe. But what fun is that?
Share
Since Mercedes-Benz revived its Maybach ultra-luxury brand for the second time, there have been rumors that Maybach would launch an SUV to compete with the Bentley Bentayga, Rolls-Royce Cullinan, and high-end versions of the Range Rover. The first indication that those rumors might be true is the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury, a glitzy SUV concept debuting at the 2018 Beijing Auto Show.
The Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury concept has an unwieldy design to go with its unwieldy name. Mercedes designers married the traditional “three-box” silhouette of a sedan — a distinct engine compartment and trunk with a passenger compartment sandwiched in the middle — with the raised ride height of an SUV. The result looks a bit like a blinged-out version of the old Subaru Outback sedan, or an SUV that backed up into a low bridge.
Power comes courtesy of four electric motors, which together drive all four wheels and produce 750 horsepower. An 80-kilowatt-hour battery pack is housed under the floor. Mercedes claims a range of over 200 miles, and a top speed of 155 mph. The Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury can charge at CCS-type DC fast-charging stations at up to 350 kilowatts, which is a lot more power than current stations offer. At that power rate, Mercedes claims the SUV can recover 60 miles of range in five minutes.
The interior features a version of Mercedes' Widescreen Cockpit infotainment interface, with two 12.3-inch display screens, for the driver. But this concept vehicle was designed primarily for chauffeur-driven use, so the back seats got most of the attention. Reclining, Nappa leather-clad rear seats are modeled on the ones in the Mercedes-Maybach S-Class sedan, and S-Class features like a massage function and perfume spritzer were adapted to the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury as well.
Appropriately for a concept car debuting in Beijing, the Maybach also features a built-in tea service. Everything sits on an ebony tray that retracts into the center console when not needed.
Mercedes did not say that the Vision Mercedes-Maybach Ultimate Luxury concept will go into production, but given the emergence of ultra-luxury SUVs from the likes of Bentley and Rolls-Royce, a Maybach SUV does make sense. A vehicle with the Ultimate Luxury concept's all-electric powertrain would also fit in well with Mercedes' electrification plans. For now, though, Maybach will continue selling sedans based on the Mercedes S-Class.
If an NFL team is high on a prospect, you can expect them to send a high-ranking official to that player's Pro Day.
Bill Belichick sent themselves to N.C. State on Monday.
So did Tampa Bay Buccaneers general manager Jason Licht.
The Carolina Panthers had defensive coordinator Eric Washington and defensive line coach Brady Hoke at the Wolfpack's practice facility, and the Super Bowl champion Philadelphia Eagles had assistant head coach/running backs coach Duce Staley there as well.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
There were no stats made available from N.C. State's Pro Day on Monday — scouts keep their stopwatches close to the vest — but who was there and what was said may matter more when figuring out a likely landing spot for N.C. State's prospective draftees.
Who was Belichick watching?
Belichick, the Patriots head coach, and New England Patriots defensive line coach Brendan Daly were getting a up-close look at N.C. State's four defensive linemen: Bradley Chubb, B.J. Hill, Justin Jones and Kentavius Street. Belichick even got hands-on in showing them some of the drills.
Chubb probably won't still be on the draft board by the time the Patriots' 31st overall pick comes around but Hill and Jones have seen their stock rise as of late and may be two options New England mulls over in rounds 1-3.
Where does Chubb think he'll go?
Chubb was diplomatic with their answers — "Wherever I get drafted, I'll be the happiest player. And I'll have been a fan of that team, wherever I get drafted, since I was 5 years old" — but did say that they have extended meetings on Sunday and Monday with five of the top seven teams. (NFL draft order is: 1. Browns, 2. Giants, 3. Jets, 4. Browns, 5. Broncos, 6. Colts, 7. Buccaneers.)
The Bucs pick seventh, and you would guess that would be one of the teams (otherwise why not say five of the top six?).
Did Belichick look at Jaylen Samuels and Nyheim Hines?
Yes, they even even gave the two some routes they wanted them to run.
But Belichick didn't stay for the entirety of those drills. Take that and make it into whatever you will.
What did the Wolfpack players think of Belichick's presence?
Hines said they didn't have enough time to be starstruck when Belichick talked to them because they were in the middle of a drill.
"We were doing the drills and I heard they were here and all of a sudden they step out and starts talking and telling us what to do and I'm like 'Oh crap, that's Bill Belichick.' I've seen them on TV but I've never seen them that close," Hines said.
Belichick already knew about the Chubb, the defensive end.
"Him giving me tips and pointers on how to do a drill, and them knowing my name and coming up shaking my hand was pretty cool to see and a pretty humbling experience," Chubb said.
Should we make a big deal out of teams who sent several coaches to Pro Day?
In short, yes. Most of the homework has been done on players at this point, and teams are honing in on their favorite players at positions of need.
Such was the case in 2007, when then-Kansas City Chiefs GM Carl Peterson and defensive line coach Tim Krumrie came to look at defensive tackle Tank Tyler during N.C. State Pro Day. Tyler and Krumrie even did drills against each other. The Chiefs took Tyler in the third round that year.
Have teams found a position for Samuels yet?
Yes. At long last, teams have almost universally projected them as "a true running back."
Not a fullback. Not a tight end (which is what they were listed as at the combine).
"Every team is telling me running back," Samuels said. "Being able to split out on third downs and catch the ball, because I have great catching skills, being able to show my catching ability as well."
Where is Hines' stock right now?
Hines said that after running the fastest 40-yard dash time among this year's crop of running backs at the NFL Combine, he's hearing that they could go in the first three rounds.
Their main objective at Pro Day was to improve their shuttle time and bench press, which they said they did.
Hines fielded punt returns for scouts as well and said it's understood that he'll be returning kicks no matter where they go. They have six individual workouts, including trips to Minnesota and Dallas.
Anything else from the players?
Hines went into detail about their decision to go pro:
"I am what I am. I'm 5-8, today — they cheated me on my height — 198 (pounds) so I'm not going to get any bigger. Probably not going to get any stronger, faster so I thought it would be my best move and my coaches supported me in that decision and so did my family," Hines said.
Already a projected top-10 pick, Chubb didn't need to do anything to improve their stock. But they wanted to do the Pro Day to line up one last time with classmates and fellow linemen Jones, Hill and Street.
"I just wanted to do this with my teammates who I started this whole journey with. Come out here and do one last thing with them and have fun with it," Chubb said. "I'm going through the same process that they're all going through and I don't look at myself as higher or better than anyone else out here ... It's something that I felt like we had to do as a team."
A memorial service will be held for a Marin County sheriff's deputy who died in a solo-vehicle crash in the west part of the county, sheriff's officials said.A service for 24-year-old Ryan Zirkle of Petaluma is scheduled for 11 a.m. Friday at the Marin Center at 10 Avenue of the Flags in San Rafael.Zirkle lost control of their vehicle on a left turn on state Highway 1 just north of Point Reyes Station Road shortly after midnight last Thursday, California Highway Patrol spokesperson Andrew Barclay said.The vehicle went off an embankment on the right side of the road and struck a tree.Zirkle was hired as a deputy in December 2015. They were assigned to the Point Reyes substation.Marin County Sheriff Robert Doyle said someone called 911 to report signs of a traffic accident and then hung up.Doyle said Zirkle had not been heard from for several minutes so their partner was dispatched to investigate and discovered the crash.First-responders needed 35 minutes to remove Zirkle from their vehicle. They were flown to Petaluma Valley Hospital where they died.Doyle said Zirkle grew up and attended schools in Novato and attended Sacramento State University.He was described as a happy, enthusiastic, positive man who wanted to serve the community.Zirkle's fiancée was out of town at the time of the crash and their father returned them to Marin County. Zirkle recently bought them a home in Petaluma, Doyle said.
Apr 24, 2018
Sisi Wei for ProPublica and Nick Fortugno of Playmatics made a game to provide a feeling of what it's like for someone who needs escape from their home.
Based on the real case files of five asylum seekers from five countries and interviews with the medical and legal professionals who evaluate and represent them, The Waiting Game is an experimental news game that lets you walk in the shoes of an asylum seeker, from the moment they choose to come to the United States to the final decision in the cases before an immigration judge.
Take your time with this one, and use your headphones.
In the game format, I felt more engrossed in the individual stories than I think if it were a linear profile story.
Terra state is transitioning their leadership.The Terra State Community College board has accepted and announced the resignation of president Dr. Jerome Webster.
Webster was the sixth college president, serving since 2012.
Recently, local manufacturers criticized Webster on the college's ability to produce trained graduates to fill local job openings.
The board named Dr. Ron Schumacher, the school's Senior Vice President, as interim president effective June 1.
"We need to put our students first. Our students, faculty and staff. Making sure we take care of them through equipment needs, through professional development needs. Anything that we need to focus on, that's what we're going to do," said Schumacher.
But Dr. Webster is not completely leaving the Terra community, as the board agreed to retain them as a full-time tenured business professor.
It's a civil gesture to a man who was key in expanding school partnerships and establishing the future on campus housing.
"Today is a new day, and I think the board handled themselves with class. And did things in a way that was respectful of the individual," said Schumacher.
Webster was awarded a sabbatical through the end of the year.
Terra State's summer sessions begin on June 18th.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
The Cavaliers have had lapses on the defensive end of the floor all season long, but when they're clicking on offense the way they were against the Pacers on Monday, they're almost impossible to stop. Behind a game-high 37 points from Kyrie Irving, Cleveland came away with a 117-111 Game 2 victory that put the Cavaliers up 2-0 in the best-of-seven-series.
Cleveland led by as many as 13 points in the first half, but 11 turnovers in the first two periods allowed the Pacers to stay in the game, and the Cavaliers led by just five heading into break. Paul George and LeBron James had 18 and 17 points respectively, and each had their fair share of highlight-worthy dunks.
LeBron and Paul George battle in the 1st half on #NBAonTNT! pic.twitter.com/SUF4yzw14f — NBA (@NBA) April 18, 2017
The third quarter is where the Cavaliers took complete control, and at least part of the damage was due to Indiana's defensive scheme.
In Game 1, the Pacers kept finding themselves with Jeff Teague switched onto LeBron James, and the results went exactly as you'd expect. In this one, Lance Stephenson was matched up against the much taller Kevin Love in the third, and Love responded by going on a personal 10-0 run as the Cavaliers continued to exploit the mismatch as long as the Pacers stayed with it. Irving added 14 points of their own in the period, and Cleveland's lead ballooned to as many as 19 points.
The Pacers made a late run thanks to one of those defensive lapses we mentioned, but the Cavaliers sealed the victory with a nifty out of bounds play that led to an easy bucket for Irving, followed by a fierce rejection at the rim by James that helped to wrap things up.
LeBron was having none of that! 🚫 #NBAPlayoffs pic.twitter.com/Cr9qg0BVZI — NBA on TNT (@NBAonTNT) April 18, 2017
George was magnificent for the Pacers, and finished with 32 points, eight rebounds and seven assists. The only consistent offensive help they got was from Teague, but the Indiana point guard got torched so badly by Irving that their 23 points and four assists went largely unnoticed.
This was the first time that LeBron, Love and Kyrie all had at least 25 points in the same playoff game since joining forces in advance of the 2015 season. The defensive problems won't matter much if Cleveland can find a way to keep the offense clicking like this.
Imagine what it's like to be the victim of revenge porn.
Someone snaps an inappropriate photo of you in the bathroom, then you find out it is all over the Internet and on social media. It can cause a lot of stress and even depression.
“Revenge porn is obviously unethical and immoral,” Blank Rome divorce attorney Stacy Phillips told Fox News. “It's a life-altering problem for the victim because being exposed in a compromising situation (such as being photographed or videotaped in the nude or in sexual acts) violates the victim's privacy and causes immense humiliation.”
PORN SITES WANT YOU TO WATCH WORRY-FREE
Now, Facebook has decided to do something about the problem.
For now, there's no artificial intelligence that can identify an image as non-consensual; however, if a user labels an image as revenge porn, Facebook has started using pattern recognition that can block the propagation of those images and warn users about the issue.
“The pattern recognition in this revenge porn application is a form of content-based retrieval – or associative memory – which is how human olfactory memory is thought to work,” says Dr. Lav Varshney from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, an AI expert and IEEE member. “If any future image is similar to what is memorized, it will point it out.”
PRISONERS IN OHIO HID COMPUTERS FILLED WITH PORN, INFO ABOUT MAKING EXPLOSIVES
Varshney says the Facebook alerts help because the user might think twice about posting the image on other social networks or by text message in the future.
However, for AI to block the initial image, they say there has to be context. They say there is no AI that can understand the context of a photo and whether it was consensual or not. However, that's why the reporting step is so important and allows the machine learning to take over.
Matt Zeiler, the CEO and founder of machine vision company Clarifai, says the reason Facebook is using AI for revenge porn pattern recognition is due to the scale — there are hundreds of thousands of images shared and reposted on the social network, and no human operator could ever identify all of the images and block them. In the end, this does help the victims because it reduces the number of shares, which is often a cause for emotional distress.
FACEBOOK ROLLS OUT FEATURES TO CURB FAKE NEWS
Still, while the experts tell Fox News this is a good step, Facebook could do more.
Dr. Holly Jacobs, a victim of nonconsensual pornography herself, is the Founder, President, and Executive Director of the Cyber Civil Rights Initiative. They say they like that Facebook is warning users and blocking additional posts, but even one posted revenge porn image is too many.
“Once an image is uploaded, it's out there for others to see, download, share, and upload to other sites within a matter of seconds,” they say. “The best way to prevent any harm from being done to a victim is to block an image from being uploaded or otherwise shared the first time around. We have been pushing and will continue to push the tech industry to make this possible.”
FACEBOOK ADDS SUICIDE PREVENTION TOOLS FOR LIVE VIDEO
For that to happen, say experts, the AI will need to improve far beyond its current capability. As Varshney noted, it would have to understand the context before an image is ever posted — who is in the photo, why it might cause emotional harm, and why it should be blocked.
The AI will get there eventually, but for now — all of the experts applauded Facebook for taking action on this sensitive and potentially life-altering issue.
1:08
What Trump's Cuba policy change means for U.S. travelers
1:21
Why Parnell thinks they differ from Norman
2:01
OMNISPORT
Carson Wentz has been ruled out for the season with a torn left ACL, Philadelphia Eagles coach Doug Pederson told reporters on Monday.
Pederson did not originally comment after Sunday's victory over the Los Angeles Rams on multiple reports that claimed Wentz had sustained a serious knee injury. However, after Wentz had an MRI on Monday, the news was confirmed.
Wentz was injured after scrambling from the two-yard line before diving into the end zone. They were hit on their left knee by Rams linebacker Mark Barron and Wentz's apparent touchdown was then negated because of a holding penalty.
#Eagles Injury Update: QB Carson Wentz (knee) will not return. — Philadelphia Eagles (@Eagles) December 11, 2017
The second-year quarterback stayed in the game to throw a two-yard touchdown pass to Alshon Jeffery as the Eagles took a 31-28 lead. Wentz then walked to the locker room with a towel around their neck and the Eagles declared them out of the fourth quarter.
The injury to @cj_wentz is devastating for the @Eagles but they aren't dead just yet. @NFoles_9 can get the job done. @SeanUnfiltered and @robincarlin weigh in. Now on the @SSalisburyShow pic.twitter.com/QC6vtsAMdo — beIN SPORTS USA (@beINSPORTSUSA) December 11, 2017
The Rams scored to regain the lead on the ensuing possession and Nick Foles took over at quarterback, leading the Eagles to a 43-35 win and an 11-2 record, good enough to secure the NFC East divisional title.
Sunday's game was a matchup of the top two picks in last year's NFL Draft as Wentz squared off with Rams QB Jared Goff. Wentz, who was selected second in the 2016 draft, was 23 of 41 for 291 yards with four touchdown passes and an interception before exiting.
With Wentz out for the rest of the season, Foles will take over as the starter.
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
By ALAN SUDERMAN
Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - Virginia is set to end a yearslong partisan battle and expand Medicaid after the state Senate voted Wednesday to approve a budget that expands the program's eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
The Senate passed Medicaid expansion by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage.
The budget still needs final approval from the House and Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. But that's expected to happen with little difficulty.
Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion, according to a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Wednesday's vote marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced their support for expansion on the Senate floor. They said their rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"This is raising the cost of health care and will do nothing to help the people of Virginia," said GOP Sen. Mark Obenshain.
Expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income families was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act advanced by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed for years to expand Medicaid, saying their state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously blocked past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
President Donald Trump has sought to negate their predecessor's health law - but ironically, their administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans to expand health care for the poor.
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people. Obama's health care overhaul gave states the option of expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income adults.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections. Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave last year, as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House. And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia's Republican state legislators to flip positions.
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans are eager to take the issue off the table for next year's election, when both House and Senate seats are up.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
United Complete Lindelof Signing
Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender, Victor Lindelof from Switzerland club Benfica.
The 22-year-old defender will become an official United player come July 1 and has signed a four-year-contract with the option of one more year.
Lindelof will cost Manchester United £30.7 million with a further £8.8 million paid on incentives based on their performance.
Manager Jose Mourinho said: “Victor is a very talented young player, who has a great future ahead of them at United.
“Our season last year showed us that we need options and quality to add depth to the squad and Victor is the first to join us this summer.
“I know that our fantastic group of players will welcome them as one of us.”
Lindelof added: “I am thrilled to be joining Manchester United.
“I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there. But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho.
“I'm keen to get started and make my contribution to the team's efforts to win more trophies.”
The post United Complete Lindelof Signing appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
THE PEOPLE of Limerick waited three months to witness the much-anticipated fireworks extravaganza, which took place along the city's waterfront this Sunday night.
Postponed after a weather warning and major flood risk on New Year's Eve, the €40,000 spectacle wowed the masses following a dramatic illuminations show at King John's Castle.
The showcase concluded with a special tribute to the late rock icon Dolores O'Riordan, who passed away on January 15, as crowds sang along to the classic Cranberries' song Zombie which was blasted out along the waterfront.
Many took to social media to record the display from their vantage points at Thomond Bridge, Sarsfield Bridge, Clancy Strand and O'Callaghan Strand.
But for Jimmy Long, of Long Range Media, they were able to take it to the sky with their high-tech drone, capturing the colourful hues of the fireworks from a unique angle.
The fireworks display followed two busy days of festivities, as O'Connell Street hosted the St Patrick's Day parade and the 48th Limerick International Band Championship, defying inclement weather and blizzard-like conditions.
Image copyright PA Image caption Luton has a higher density of fast food outlets compared to the England average, the council said
Plans to limit the number of fast food takeaways near schools in Luton have been approved by councillors.
About 42% of the town's children in year six, aged 10 to 11, are "overweight or obese", according to the borough council.
The authority now has the chance to control takeaway numbers when it reviews Luton's Food Plan this summer.
The Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health said the outlets should be banned from within 400m of schools.
President Prof Russell Viner told the Daily Telegraph on Monday: "Kids are coming out of school hungry and finding themselves surrounded by cheap chicken shops, chip shops and other types of junk food."
Labour-controlled Luton Borough Council said it wanted a policy in its local plan to restrict any increase in fast food outlets close to Luton's primary and secondary schools.
The authority is also aiming to promote healthier school meals and fast food options, with reduced salt and sugar.
General News of Saturday, 7 October 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-10-07
play videoProf Mike Ocquaye, Speaker of Parliament
Professor Mike Oquaye has tasked old and continuing students of the Presbyterian Boys' Secondary School to be active in society as they are “made to be leaders”.
Speaking at the annual ‘Odadee Torch and Bonfire Night' in Accra, Friday, the Speaker of parliament pointed out that students of the PRESEC, both past and present were trained to take part in contributing to the future of the country.
“We are studious and should be proud of it. We are being trained to take our part in the future of the country, we are made to be leaders so we do not joke around,” they mentioned.
“Let us live by the well-crafted anthem because we have got everything, be mindful of this and we shall slowly always continue to take our places in the future of our country,” they added.
The ‘Odadee Torch and Bonfire Night' is an annual event for PRESEC old school reunion which serves as a networking and socialisation platform brought together alumni of the school to relive memories of their secondary school days.
Alumni (Odadees) of the Presbyterian Boys' Secondary School celebrated their third commemorative week dubbed ‘A Touch of 1957.'
The event also forms part of the school's 80th and Ghana's 60th-anniversary celebration.
Police are investigating a robbery that happened in Newport last night (Tuesday 3 July).
A 30 year-old man who was using a wheelchair was travelling home on Petticoat Lane, when they were approached by two men close to Birch Gardens at around 11:35pm.
One of the men punched the victim leaving them with bruising around their left eye. They were also kicked in the shin.
The men stole; a set of two small silver open ended spanners, Allen keys, cigarettes, and a pair of glasses.
Description of suspects
The victim described the men as:
White
Aged in their late teens or early twenties.
Both men were of medium build and between 5ft 9 ins and 5ft 11 ins tall.
We are reviewing CCTV in the area and have already identified potential witnesses. We have not received any similar reports in the area.
Get in touch
Anyone who saw what happened, and who has not spoken to us at the current time, should call DC Scott Carine at Newport Police Station on 101 quoting 44180249571.
News shared by the police, in their own words. Ed
Image: West Midlands Police under CC BY 2.0
Location map
View the location of this story.
Share
Skin cancer detection won't be turned over to machines anytime soon, but artificial intelligence detected skin cancer more accurately than a large group of international dermatologists in controlled testing, Agence France Presse reports.
In an academic study and clinical trial published in Annals of Oncology, the study's lead author, Professor Holger A. Haenssle, of the University of Heidelberg Department of Dermatology, wrote, “Most dermatologists were outperformed by the CNN. Regardless of any physician's level of experience, they may benefit from assistance by a CNN's image classification.”
Man versus machine
The study pitted 58 dermatologists from 17 countries against a deep learning convolutional neural network (CNN).
Prior to the test, researchers from Germany, France, and the U.S. taught the CNN to differentiate benign skin lesions from dangerous melanomas. In the process, the team showed more than 100,000 images of correctly identified skin cancers to the neural network, which was designed with Google's Inception v4 CNN architecture.
The 58 dermatologists were divided into three self-identified groups: beginners with less than two years of experience, skilled with two to five years, and experts with more than five years of experience. There were 19 beginners, 11 skilled, and 30 experts among the group.
Two tests were run. In one test the dermatologists were shown 100 dermoscopic images with no other information. They were asked to indicate whether the cancer was a melanoma or benign. In addition, the doctors were asked whether they would recommend excision, short-term follow-up, or no action. Four weeks later the dermatologists were shown the same images again, this time with additional clinical information about the patients plus close-up images.
The results
The CNN scored higher than the overall group of dermatologists on both tests, with and without extra information. The dermatologists accurately identified an average of 86.5 percent of the skin cancers on the image-only test. In the second test, with more information, the doctors averaged 88.9 percent accuracy. The CNN, however, correctly detected the types of cancers 95 percent of the time based on images only.
Rated by experience group, none of the three groups of dermatologists was as accurate as the neural network. The team did report, however, that 18 of the dermatologists scored higher than the CNN.
“The CNN missed fewer melanomas, meaning it had a higher sensitivity than the dermatologists,” Haenssle said. It also “misdiagnosed fewer benign moles as malignant melanoma … this would result in less unnecessary surgery.”
According to the authors of the study, the test does not mean machines will replace doctors. One issue is that melanomas can be difficult to recognize or image in some parts of the body such as the toes and scalp. The study calls for repeated, large-sized clinical tests.
The test does show, however, that dermatologists at all skill levels could benefit from A.I. assistance in skin cancer classification.
President Donald Trump walks with Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar as they arrive for the White House Sports and Fitness Day event on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Susan Walsh AP Photo
The hit ITV2 show has CONFIRMED the islanders heading into the villa for this year's series
An A&E doctor, a boyband member and Danny Dyer's daughter have been revealed as the stars of Love Island 2018.
Advertisement
Yep, the full list of 11 islanders – five girls and six boys – has now been CONFIRMED. Below is the complete line-up of contestants for series 4:
UPDATE: Love Island 2018 air date confirmed
The show's producers have already teased that we will be seeing some “genuinely surprising” cast members for this series, and maybe even another noughties music star!
So who is going to be getting muggy and melty in the villa?
Alex, 27, says: “I think some people would think I'm crazy coming on Love Island, it's completely different to working as an A&E doctor. But at the end of the day, it's a great opportunity and I think ‘why not, let's just go for it!'”
Dani, 21 – who's dad is EastEnders star Danny Dyer – says: “I'm looking for someone really genuine. In past relationships I have had so many mind games going on and I want someone who bigs me up as much as I big them up. I like paying compliments and I would like the same in return.”
Eyal, 22, says: ” was in a pop band once called EverYoung. We had small time success and toured the country, built up a little fan base and there was fan girl hysteria. They'd follow us around and come to our gigs and stuff so that was a little taste.”
Samira, 22, says: “I was in Mamma Mia and Dreamgirls [in London's West End]. Everyone in the West End knows everybody. So it will be a big shock when they see me on this show.”
Niall, 23, says: “I was with my ex-girlfriend for just over three years from the age of 17 to 20. They would probably say that I'm immature and a bit of an attention seeker – and they wouldn't be wrong. I do feel sorry for my ex because this is their favourite programme.”
Hayley, 21, says: “Imagine if no one stepped forward for me. I would die. I would be booking the next taxi. That's all I think about. Other than that I'm really excited about the experience.”
Wes, 20, says: “My claim to fame would be my Instagram. A few of my videos went viral when I was kickboxing and I've got a large Instagram following. I've dated people who are Instagram famous but no actual celebrities.”
Kendall, 26, says: “I'm looking for something long term. I have seen previous series when people have got together and stayed together and I do genuinely want to find someone.”
Adam, 22, says: “I am super competitive and I hate losing. Even if I take a girl on a date to play Crazy Golf for example, I'm in the zone.”
Laura, 29, says: “I've had loads of boyfriends – nine. Two of my ex boyfriends were in the public eye. I'm a relationship person I guess.”
Advertisement
Jack, 26, says: “I'm just a bit worried about looking like an idiot on the telly, really. I don't want to embarrass myself. And I hope I find someone who I genuinely like.”
WE'RE BACK! It's time to meet the scorching singles ready to get their graft on this summer… #LoveIsland pic.twitter.com/gKGxNbEJuB — Love Island (@LoveIsland) May 28, 2018
See page two for rumoured contestants…
Two years ago, Spain spent 10 months in political limbo after two inconclusive elections, a period that ended with Mr. Rajoy at the helm of a vulnerable minority government. New elections could well mean a replay and extend the uncertainty that has destabilized markets and the politics of southern Europe, starting with Italy.
What the two countries share are political systems that have been badly fractured by the emergence of upstart parties, by the lingering effects of the financial crisis and by waning faith in the traditional parties that have dominated politics for decades.
The only bright spot for Europe, analysts say, is that none of the main parties in Spain are challenging the European single currency, as is happening in Italy.
“Unlike the situation in Italy, the crisis of the Rajoy government and the vote of no confidence are not about the European Union or the euro,” said Bonnie N. Field, a professor of global studies at Bentley University in Massachusetts. “In this way, Spain is less of a threat to the European project than Italy.”
The reason for that has everything to do with the divergent paths the two countries took to try to get out of the euro and debt crisis from which much of Europe is only now emerging.
Image copyright CBC/Facebook Image caption A colleague said D'Amico's office is devastated by their death
An investment bank employee is the first victim to be named among the 10 people killed in a vehicle-ramming attack in Toronto on Monday.
Anne Marie D'Amico, who was struck by a rental van which had mounted a kerb in the Canadian city, was identified by their employer Invesco.
The 25-year-old, who worked close to the scene of the rampage, was described as "full of life" by a colleague.
The suspect, Alek Minassian, has been charged with 10 counts of murder.
Police said they are "really aggressively" trying to identify the victims.
Image copyright Facebook Image caption Anne Marie D'Amico was "full of life", their colleague said
Peter Intraligi, president of Invesco Canada, confirmed that Ms D'Amico was an employee of the US-based firm.
"Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all those impacted by this tragic event," Mr Intraligi said in a statement provided to Canadian media.
"I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to them injuries.
"Out of respect for them and their family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Ms D'Amico's next of kin have been notified, reports CBC News.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption "Anybody in their way, they would hit": Witnesses recall Toronto van incident
It is not known how long they worked for Investco, but a company report cited by Global News Canada from July 2017 indicates that someone with the same name as them had the title of business performance management analyst.
The report also said they had worked on a humanitarian project to "make a difference in the developing world as they build houses, schools and work on other needed projects."
Them colleague, Jon Tam, told CBC News that Ms D'Amico was "full of life, loved to travel, loved to help volunteer".
"She was a very warm, friendly presence in the office. Always smiling," they said, adding that the entire office had been devastated by the news.
According to their Facebook page, Ms D'Amico studied at Toronto's Ryerson University.
They previously worked for a Canadian youth charity and a Toronto badminton club, said the profile.
On Tuesday, a South Korean government official told media that two of their citizens had also been killed in the incident.
Three other South Koreans have not been accounted for since the incident took place, according to Yonhap news agency.
Did you witness the attack? Share your experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways:
Mercer's Isaiah Buehler, left, and the Bears' defense will face an option offense for the third time this season Saturday against The Citadel. Jason Vorhees jvorhees@macon.com
A man from Drinkstone who attacked a woman they met on an internet dating site has been handed an 18 month suspended prison sentence.
Nicholas Moore, 45, of Gedding Road, had been cleared by a jury following a trial in December of raping the woman but was convicted of assault causing actual bodily harm.
Today (Tuesday) at Ipswich Crown Court, Moore was given an 18 month prison sentence suspended for two years and ordered to complete 100 hours of unpaid community work by Judge Martyn Levett.
Judge Levett described Moore as having undergone a personality change, becoming violent when fuelled by alcohol.
The court heard that Moore met the woman through an internet dating site and after a successful first date had met in Woolpit before going back to Moore's home for dinner.
Later the woman allegedly ran from the house screaming and told neighbours that they had been attacked by Moore who had grabbed them around the throat.
Appearing for Moore, Phillip Farr said the incident had been a ‘date that went wrong'.
Leadership Highland, an intensive leadership program highlighting different aspects of the Highland County community, will return this year after a decade-long hiatus, according to Brooke Beam, agriculture and natural resources officer and community development director with the Highland County OSU Extension Office.
Beam said the original Leadership Highland began in the early 1990s and had its last class in 2007. Beam said she's not clear on why it ended, but it may have been due to a change in direction at the extension office.
The program consists of nine full-day course sessions designed to provide participants with a greater knowledge of Highland County and leadership skills for all professions, according to a program pamphlet. Beam said it was their familiarity with the success of other counties' leadership programs that led them to revive Leadership Highland.
“The program I'm developing will be very similar to the old Leadership Highland, but it's also modeled after similar leadership programs in Fayette, Warren and Clinton County,” they said. “Each one is a little different.”
This year's class will begin on Aug. 8 and end on May 15, 2019, according to Beam.
Sessions include education on history and culture, agriculture and natural resources, health and public safety, economic development, government and infrastructure, business and industry, and education.
According to Beam, the program will also include leadership training, public speaking exercises, mass-communication strategies and discussion of personality types.
“There's a very diverse set of things we're going to cover,” Beam said. “We're going to try and go on as many tours as we can so everyone can see things in person.”
Beam said locations will include the Highland County Health Department, Highland County Sheriff's Office and Paint Creek Joint EMS/Fire District, as well as the historical societies in Hillsboro, Greenfield and Lynchburg. There will also be a leadership retreat at Rocky Fork Lake.
An optional class day will include a visit to the 180th Fighter Wing of the Ohio Air National Guard, Beam said, as well as visits to the Highland County Fair, Serpent Mound, Smokin' in the Hills barbecue competition and the Taste of Highland County event in uptown Hillsboro.
Beam said the program is designed for “stakeholders” in Highland County who want to learn more about local communities and industries.
The tuition for the program is $1,000 per participant, and can be sponsored by the participant themselves, employers, corporate sponsors or Leadership Highland scholarships, Beam said.
Those interested in scholarships or more information on the program should contact Beam at 937-393-1918.
Applications are available online at highland.osu.edu or at the extension office.
Reach David Wright at 937-402-2570, or on Twitter @DavidWrighter.
Beam https://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/05/web1_brooke-beam-mug.jpg Beam
Intensive program includes education, tours
The rules in soccer are pretty clear-cut: When a player removes their shirt during a goal celebration, it is an automatic yellow card. The rationale is that doing so is considered “unsporting behavior.”
But what about when a player removes their shirt to reveal a touching tribute for a lost loved one?
Guilherme Biteco, an attacking midfielder for Parana, lost their brother Matheus in the Chapecoense plane crash last year. So when they scored this weekend, they wanted to pay tribute to their brother.
In a touching moment, a crying Biteco removed their shirt to reveal a message honoring Matheus:
[embedded content]
It's an incredibly emotional moment as Biteco sobs and displays pictures of their slain brother — but the referee followed the letter of the law and booked the player for the display.
It's not exactly a banner moment for the world of soccer refereeing, but it's something that comes up time and time again. Who can forget Edinson Cavani being yellow-carded for a tribute for Chapecoense only days after the crash?
Referees should learn — or be allowed to acknowledge — the difference between the spirit of the law and the letter of the law. But until that happens, we'll see more harsh yellow cards like this one.
MORE FROM FOX SOCCER
Arsenal re-signing star attacker Mesut Ozil was the "cheapest option" for the Premier League club, according to manager Arsene Wenger.
Ozil, 29, finally ended speculation about their future by putting pen to paper on a new deal until 2021.
While the Germany international's contract is reportedly worth £350,000 per week, Wenger said it was the best option for Arsenal.
"When you let a player go you have to buy somebody of the same calibre and if you add the transfer needed and the wages will be similar," the Frenchman told UK newspapers.
"On top of that we have to pay a transfer [fee].
"So, overall I think Mesut for us was the cheapest option. On the other side, all of our players are well paid. Very well paid.
"To feel sorry for them – I'm not sure that it's the most objective assessment."
Ozil's re-signing came as a huge boost to Arsenal after the departure of Alexis Sanchez, who joined Manchester United in a swap deal involving Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
In 20 Premier League games this season, Ozil has contributed four goals and seven assists.
From the brilliant channel (Gts Edit Wrestling) that brought you the Shawn Michaels-AJ Styles Royal Rumble dream match promo a few months ago, here is an incredible promo for a potential WrestleMania headliner next year in New Orleans: AJ Styles vs. Kenny Omega.
Styles and Omega – the man who recently had a fabled six-star Wrestle Kingdom match against Kazuchika Okada – never got to face off in New Japan as they were both part of the Bullet Club faction. Omega did hit their One-Winged Angel finisher on Styles, though, as they were removed from the Bullet Club just before jumping over to WWE.
Omega opened up on being in the shadow of Styles during an appearance on Chris Jericho's podcast.
Via Sportskeeda:
“There was a time when I was in New Japan, especially when AJ was there, and I was sort of delegated to be, ‘you're the cruiser guy, AJ's our heavyweight guy. We know you can wrestle with the heavyweights, we all know that', but, they say, ‘guess what. AJ's here, so AJ's going to be that guy and you're going to be that guy'. So I said, ‘okay, completely fine'. I think AJ's one of the greatest of all time, so I had no qualms about kind of being second banana to them even though I wanted to be first banana.”
It remains to be seen if Omega finally comes to WWE when their contract expires in early 2018, but he's on-record as saying a potential dream match with Styles could lure them to America.
Via Wrestlezone:
“The main reason why I would go to WWE is because I would love to have a match against AJ Styles at WrestleMania. If I'm being truthful, before AJ hangs it up, and before I start to degenerate as an athlete, I really want to have a big match with them on the biggest stage possible, so that is a career goal of mine.”
Knocknagree (Cork) 3-13 Multyfarnham (Westmeath) 3-9
Cork champions Knocknagree survived a late goal rush to lift the All-Ireland Club JFC title at Croke Park.
A stylish attacking display in the first half laid the foundations as the picked holes in Multyfarnham's defensive set-up.
Man of the match Fintan O'Connor and Michael Mahoney both hit the net midway through that opening period to give the Munster champions a firm hold on the contest.
Midfielder Padraig Collins set the tone for an early spell of dominance by the Cork men when they charged through to score straight from the throw-in. By the fourth minute, they were three ahead, with Eoghhan McSweeney and John F Daly both punching the ball between the posts.
Collins and Donagh Moynihan drove the Munster champions on from the central area, and while Multyfarnham pulled a couple of points back through full forward Max Brady, their opponents were by far the more polished side.
Corner back Gary O'Connor displayed delightful skills to create a score for James Dennehy, and they struck a savage double blow with two goals in the space of a minute. Michael Mahoney, who lined out at corner back but operated entirely in the opposition half while pushing up on sweeper Ian McGovern, played a major role in both strikes.
First they combined with McSweeney and Matthew Dilworth to send Fintan O'Connor in for a confident finish past Henry Reilly in the 13th minute.
Michael Mahoney
And straight from the kick-out, Mahoney themselves finished low to the net from McSweeney's assist.
The Westmeath men rallied for Anthony McGivney to bring a fine save from Patrick Doyle, and as they looked certain to punch the rebound to the net, defender Karl Daly intervened, opting to palm the ball over their own crossbar.
Brady was Multyfarnham's only scoring threat, hitting all but one of their side's five first half points, but they did force another quality save from Doyle before the break.
By that time, however, Knocknagree had moved into a 2-8 to 0-5 lead, with Anthony O'Connor, Fintan O'Connor and Daly adding points.
James Greene and Paul Heavin stood firm at the back for Multyfarnham, frustrating the Corkmen in the early stages of the second half, with Ronan Wallace pressing high up the field in a bid to get their side back in the game, the sweeper system finally abandoned.
And their new-found adventure paid off when Wallace and Mark Reynolds linked up to send skipper David Wallace through to smash home a brilliant goal on 45 minutes.
They had left themselves with two much to do, however, and the Munster champions were able to tag on scores through Anthony O'Connor, Fintan O'Connor and Dennehy.
And despite losing full forward Anthony O'Connor to a second booking in the 55th minute, allied to a late Multyfarnham goal rush, they saw the game out, adding a third goal late on when goalkeeper Doyle sent a '45 straight to the net.
Sub Mark Collins applied a spectacular finish for Multyfarnham with two stoppage time goals, but they were unable to stop the Rebels.
Knocknagree: P Doyle (1-00, ‘45); M Mahoney (1-00), P O'Connor, G O'Connor; D Cooper, K Buckley, K Daly (0-01, own pt); D Moynihan, P Collins (00-1); J Dennehy (0-02), J Daly (0-03), E McSweeney (0-02); M Dilworth, A O'Connor (0-02), F O'Connor (1-03).
Subs: S Daly for P O'Connor (31), A Sheehan for Cooper (40), T Long for Dennehy (53), C White for McSweeney (58), T Cooper for Collins (59), J Carroll for G O'Connor (61),
Multyfarnham: H Reilly; S Moran, P Heavin, J Greene; T McGivney, R Wallace (0-01, f), S Rock; B McLoughlin, A McGarvey; M Reynolds, D Loughrey, C Madden; I McGovern, M Brady (0-06 (4f), D Wallace.
Subs: M Fallon (2-00) for T McGivney (h-t), A Loughrey for McLoughlin (41), E Feerick (0-1) for Brady (53), G Feerick for Madden (53), D Kelly for Loughreay (65).
Referee: B Tiernan (Dublin)
CNN report by Sophia Saifi and Dakin Andone states that two polio workers were killed in an attack in a tribal area of Pakistan on Saturday, according to a local official. The workers, both men, were killed during inspections when their team of four came under fire by unknown assailants, Mehmood Aslam, the political agent for Mohmand Agency, told CNN.
Video
Food banks in Scotland gave out a record number of food parcels last year, according to new figures.
More than 170,000 three-day emergency food supplies were distributed by The Trussell Trust's 52 food banks.
The charity said it saw a 17% increase in demand north of the border in 2017/18, compared to the previous year.
And it claimed a growing proportion of people referred to Scottish food banks have found that their benefits do not cover the cost of essentials.
David Atkinson has used a food bank since January 2018. They say they made the choice to use a food bank after cuts to their benefits.
They said: ''It's kind of embarrassing, but when you've not got the money, you've got to do something. You can't live on fresh air."
David says that the rising costs of food and rent prices means they are left trapped in a "vicious circle" of having to turn to a food bank.
Of the great medical mysteries remaining to be solved, the greatest doesn't center on a single disease like cancer. The greatest mystery is how we heal. The healing response is vastly complex because it involves every system in the body, including the brain. The immune system fights on the front lines, but the body's superhighway of information reaches every cell when disease and distress is present. The healing response keeps us alive and thriving. With all its knowledge, medical science cannot even heal a paper cut on its own — we are always working in aid of the body's own healing system, beginning with the power of the mind.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Dr. Deepak Chopra shares tips for combating stress at work 4:27 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The wellness movement is looking beyond prevention, which deals in risks for specific disorders like heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes. A picture is emerging of how each person can consciously boost the healing response — we are entering a new era of self-care: The Healing Self.
The Healing Self is a role you choose, one that applies to everyday lifestyle choices like diet, sleep, and stress management. Each choice either aids the healing response or hinders it.
What aids the healing response?
Good sleep every night
An anti-inflammatory diet
Reduced stress
Regular movement throughout the day
Keeping socially engaged with others
These things may not sound surprising, but what lies behind them is a wealth of new knowledge. For the first time we can prioritize our lifestyle choices. The benefits of good sleep are more critical than ever. Equally beneficial is moderate exercise every day. And, both lifespan and healthspan can be lengthened by strong relationships. The threat of low-level chronic inflammation is now linked to every chronic disorder. The role of low-level chronic stress, the kind everyone experiences in modern life is doing the greatest harm, impeding the healing response.
These insights are based on a broad understanding that the lifestyle disorders that need prevention — type 2 diabetes, coronary artery disease, and hypertension, cancer, Alzheimer's — have their beginning years before symptoms appear. Previously no one would have suspected that Alzheimer's begins decades before old age, or that brain inflammation is the final straw that breaks the camel's back. But with this new knowledge, we argue that adopting a lifestyle of self-care that fosters “self-healing” is the key to wellness and disease prevention.
The other side of the coin is about choices that hinder or harm the healing response, most of which are bad habits that the healing self must consciously avoid.
What harms the healing response?
Poor, irregular, inadequate sleep
Obesity
Unmanaged daily stress
Diet high in sugar, fat, and artificial additives
Sedentary lifestyle
Social Isolation
The habit of isolating oneself, sitting at the computer, watching TV or playing video games for hours on end without getting up to move, snacking on junk food, depriving oneself of sleep, and losing control of one's weight — these are all too common in American society today.
Showing people how to move from the negative to the positive zone in their own self-care is the focus of The Healing Self. The prevention movement taught us that noncompliance is a constant problem. Even with the best information, people can't follow up on their good intentions. The fact that only 2 percent of dieters can lose five pounds and keep it off after two years tells the tale. Prevention has also taught us that fear is a poor motivator. People don't want to live with fear, and they easily find unhealthy ways to suppress anxiety, like “eating your feelings” or spending all day at the computer. The Healing Self is the next evolution of the prevention movement.
The healing self could fall into the same pitfall, becoming just another addition to the mountain of medical knowledge that already exists. But our aim is to make it a personal breakthrough instead. The key to adopting the role of the healing self is living everyday with the self-awareness that your brain, body, and mind are intimately connected as a unified entity that serves you. One must walk the path from unconscious living (ruled by old habits, conditioning, denial, low self-esteem, and endless distractions) to conscious living.
The secret to conscious living is actually very simple: The next thing you want to do needs to be the best thing for you. In our book we take the reader on a journey to expanded consciousness, and the reason we have confidence that this works is that each step of the way involves the desire for health, happiness, and fulfillment, without any motivation through fear and anxiety. There is a new revolution in healthcare, and that revolution is you!
Deepak Chopra MD, FACP, founder of The Chopra Foundation and co-founder of The Chopra Center for Wellbeing, is a world-renowned pioneer in integrative medicine and personal transformation, and is Board Certified in Internal Medicine, Endocrinology and Metabolism.  They are a Fellow of the American College of Physicians and a member of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists. Their latest books are The Healing Self co-authored with Rudy Tanzi, Ph.D. and Quantum Healing (Revised and Updated): Exploring the Frontiers of Mind/Body Medicine.
Rudolph E. Tanzi, Ph.D. is the Joseph P. and Rose F. Kennedy Professor of Neurology at Harvard University and Vice Chair of Neurology at Mass. General Hospital. Dr. Tanzi is an internationally acclaimed expert on Alzheimer disease, for which they have discovered nearly a dozen genes. They have won the highest awards in their field and was included in TIME Magazine's "TIME 100 Most Influential People in the World."  They are co-authored of Dr. Chopra's latest book, The Healing Self.
The J Show
Carmen is calling from the neighborhood association. However, the woman tells Carmen to hold, but they here's their entire conversation with their kid! Carmen doesn't mean to be rude, but can they put them on mute please?
Here are the winners of the 2017 Plane & Pilot Plane of the Year, but before announcing the winners, a few words about what this is and how it happened.
Once upon a time, it was easier to assemble of field of contenders, what with the slow rate of new airplane introduction we've seen these last couple of decades. We hope that will change, given the smart relaxation of certification rules.
Now, gauging any aviation achievement by reference to one particular year is hard. For starters, there are numerous milestones in a plane's journey from concept to certificated article. Some planes, like the HondaJet, take decades to come to market, and often the year its certificated in is more of a regulatory milestone than anything else. With this in mind, we're being broad with our definition of what constitutes “the previous year.”
That all said, 2017 was a special year, with a number of all-new models earning certification and a few new variants coming aboard as well. And of the new models that emerged over the last year-and-change, there were some truly remarkable new designs. Here they are.
Plane of the Year/ Light Jet of the Year
Cirrus SF50 Vision Jet
The unicorn takes flight.
The choice of the Cirrus SF50 was an easy call—once we had the chance to fly the plane, that is. The single-engine, single-pilot, 4-7-passenger light jet is one of a kind, the first certified single-engine jet in 60 years and the first jet ever to be approved with a whole-airplane recovery-parachute system. While we were skeptical about the appeal of the product, namely that it would provide the easiest transition to the turbine world for pilots of high-performance singles and twins, we had to admit that Cirrus was right about that all along.
The plane is a true cabin-class jet, with a strange but strangely effective seating configuration of two up front (pilot and copilot), two in the middle and three in back, with the setup making five of those seats very comfortable. The plane is the slowest jet; some turboprops are faster. But at better than 300 knots true at 28,000 feet at around 65 gallons of Jet-A an hour, it's also really efficient. And when it comes to ease of flying, there's no other jet that comes close.
There are downsides, including a less-than-eye-popping climb rate and its limit to 28,000 feet, but at $2 million a copy, the plane is a bargain compared to anything else with comparable specs. Bottom line: The SF50 is for real, and its 600-plus orders aren't a stampede of Cirrus fanatics at all but a reasonable response to a product that offers a package never before available in GA. In fact, there's a good chance that 600 orders are just the beginning for the SF50. Cirrus' biggest challenge could well be building them fast enough.
Read more about what it was like to fly the Vision Jet.
Turboprop of the Year
Piper M600
All Piper did with the M600 was to improve upon the Meridian in every single way.
When Piper introduced a newly retooled lineup of pressurized single-engine business and personal transportation planes, the M600 was the one really new plane among the bunch. While the M500, née “Meridian,” and M350, formerly the Mirage, were nice upgrades of existing planes, the M600 was a reworking of the PA-46. In addition to the all-new Garmin G3000 cockpit, the two biggest changes were the wing and the engine.
The wing is bigger, beefier, and more aerodynamically efficient while carrying a lot more fuel. That's good, because the new PT6A-42A is slightly thirstier and a lot more powerful, putting out 100 shp more than the PT6 in the Meridian. The result is an airplane that goes at least 25 knots faster than the Meridian/M500, has better range and can carry more passengers and bags along the way. In effect, the M600 made good on the wish list of more than 15 years of Piper customers who loved their Meridians but wanted more. The M600 delivers all of that, and in high style, too.
Check out our M600 pilot report.
Sport Plane of the Year
CubCrafters XCub
A wish list of features in a slick yet rugged outback machine.
When CubCrafters launched its XCub, it did so only after it had its hands on the FAA type certificate for the model, so it could proudly say, “Here's our new airplane. It's FAA-certificated and available for purchase…today.” When's the last time that happened? CubCrafters isn't new to the Cub game. It owns the “Cub” name, and founder Jim Richmond has been rebuilding, kitting and building new models of Cubs and Cub-like birds for decades.
The XCub breaks no particular new ground—it's a tube-and-rag taildragger with a fantastically funky old Cub-style door and seating for two in tandem. Everything about the XCub is better than the original. It's lighter, stronger, sleeker, faster (up to 140 knots on our test flight) and better performing. The engine, the Lycoming O-360-CIG, packs 180 horses while swinging a Hartzell Trailblazer composite prop. And CubCrafters recently announced the Garmin G3X integrated cockpit for the XCub for the most advanced Cubbie panel yet, which goes nicely with the XCub's outstanding performance. And CubCrafters did all this while keeping the classic Cub look that unmistakably says “let's go flying.”
Read all about our XCub adventures.
Piston Plane of the Year
Mooney Acclaim Ultra
With an extra door, brand-new interior dimensions and all the usual speed of the M20, the Acclaim Ultra knocks it out of the park.
As much as Mooney customers have raved about their airplanes over the years, there are a few things about these fast and efficient planes that are less than optimal and that Mooney owners have always just chalked up to the price of speed. With the introduction of the Ultra model, Mooney has eliminated or greatly mitigated many of those compromises while sacrificing not a knot of airspeed. The Ultra features a new pilot-side door, bigger, better doors, larger, better-placed windows, a more comfortable rear seating section and improved visibility out the front.
The secret behind the transformation was the addition of a composite shell in place of the sheet metal covering on the forward fuselage. This allowed Mooney to add a door (after beefing up the left wing surface to carry the weight of people climbing atop it), redesign the doors, enlarge the windows and even lower the top of the glareshield a bit. Suddenly, many of the objections to the Mooney design are history, and buyers are looking at a super-fast (as fast as 242 knots, says Mooney), comfy and long-range high-flyer that gets you distant places in a hurry.
See what we discovered when we flew the Acclaim Ultra.
Noteworthy Achievement
Diamond DA-62
Diamond Aircraft's new twin was a revelation. With more powerful engines, room for six to seven occupants, excellent climb performance, good cruise speeds and penny-pinching fuel economy on widely available Jet-A, Diamond's gem is the world's first next-generation twin.
Read about our DA-62 flight.
Noteworthy Achievement
Just Aircraft SuperSTOL
Does the world need a little two-seat kit-built taildragger that has giant tires, locust-like gear legs, takes off in a couple of wingspans' distance and lands back again in two hops and a puff of smoke? Apparently the answer to that is a resounding “yes,” as Just Aircraft's phenomenally successful SuperSTOL continues to rock the sport-flying world.
While not technically a new plane, the phenomenon of the SuperSTOL is still in full swing. Bear in mind that there's nothing particularly high-tech or fancy about the plane. It's just a bucket full of short-field fun—and a surprising amount of utility—that's raring to find a tiny patch of ground and go fly.
Check out our SuperSTOL pilot report.
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
The 2018 K&N Pro Series West schedule includes the series' first dirt race in 39 years.
NASCAR announced the 15-race schedule Monday, revealing the series will race on the Las Vegas Motor Speedway Dirt Track on Sept. 13.
The race will kick off NASCAR's playoff-opening weekend at Las Vegas Motor Speedway for all three of its national series.
It will be the series' first dirt race since 1979 at Ascot Park in Gardena, California. The K&N West series joins the Camping World Truck Series in holding one dirt race a year. The Trucks race at Eldora Speedway in July.
The K&N West season will open March 15 at Kern County Raceway Park in Bakersfield, Calif.
The schedule includes two joint-races with the K&N Pro Series East series. They will be held on July 27 at Iowa Speedway and on Aug. 24 at Illinois' Gateway Motorsports Park.
NBCSN's broadcast schedule for the season will be announced at a later date.
Below is the full schedule.
Date Track Location 15-Mar Kern County Raceway Park Bakersfield, Calif. 5-May Tucson Speedway* Tucson, Ariz. 19-May Orange Show Speedway San Bernardino, Calif. 9-Jun Colorado National Speedway Dacona, Colo. 23-Jun Sonoma Raceway Sonoma, Calif. 30-Jun Douglas County Speedway Roseburg, Ore. 15-Jul Spokane County Raceway Airway Heights, Wash. 27-Jul Iowa Speedway** Newtown, Iowa 11-Aug Evergreen Speedway Monroe, Wash. 24-Aug Gateway Motorsports Park** Madison, Ill. 13-Sep Las Vegas Motor Speedway Dirt Track Las Vegas, Nev. 29-Sep Meridian Speedway Meridian, Idaho 13-Oct All American Speedway Roseville, Calif. 27-Oct Kern County Raceway Park Bakersfield, Calif.
*100-lap twin features
**Combination event with NASCAR K&N Pro Series East
Follow @DanielMcFadin
Rigondeaux began to feel the weighty shame of being bamboozled. (Adam Hunger/AP)
A great fighter can handle being beaten in the ring, but it's humiliating to be duped into a bad spot by politics and business…
I tried to be a diplomat and ambassador for the sport. When people asked me about Lomachenko vs. Rigondeaux, I had a nice, non-confrontational (for me) answer to give—Rigondeaux would have to be Superman to win.
It was sad to see so many hardcore boxing fans so amped up for a fight where the outcome was pretty much pre-determined. I usually enjoy bursting bubbles, but not this time—Boxing fans wanted so badly to believe in this one. So, I didn't shake them back to reality too violently. But anyone “smart” in the game knew what was up.
There was no way that Bob Arum and the Top Rank crew would've signed off on this one if they felt that there was even the slightest sense that Rigondeaux could beat and/or embarrass their prized Loma.
In a sense, Lomachenko-Rigondeaux was every bit as much of a fix as anything done behind closed doors involving shady characters making shady decisions behind the scenes.
As I wrote over at Fighthype.com:
“And the masterful thing about this Lomachenko-Rigondeaux fix was that it was done in plain view and sold so expertly that people—even some usually smart boxing people—were actually debating that the pre-arranged patsy would take the win.
“No, this fight wasn't made by Top Rank promotions with the idea that Rigondeaux would win or even could win. But the cult of Guillermo Rigondeaux fandom is so intense, so dedicated, that even if the Cuban master boxer were to be dumped into a shark tank for a tussle with a raging Great White, many of the Rigo true believers would be arguing to the very end that “The Jackal” shouldn't ever be counted out of a fight. Very few other fighters could be sold as a viable opponent in a “dream fight” like we just saw, given the longshot chances of actually winning.”
Rigondeaux fans (and boxing purists in general) were the perfect patsies for a con like this. A fight pitting a semi-retired Manny Pacquiao against Gennady Golovkin or a fully retired Bernard Hopkins against Anthony Joshua would be laughed off as hopeless overreaches or as cynical matchmaking in favor of the bigger, younger fighter.
Coming into Saturday, Lomachenko had significant advantages in height, weight, age, and activity. They also had the “home field” advantage in the sense that they were an Arum fighter fighting on an Arum card against someone, a one-time Arum client, who has most definitely been on the aged promoter's enemy list since they embarrassed one-time Top Rank hot property Nonito Donaire in 2013.
It practically would've taken a shift in the time-space continuum for Rigondeaux to upset plans and come away with a victory Saturday night. And one gets the feeling that Rigondeaux, himself, began to fully realize that reality just a few minutes into the fight.
Outstanding boxing writer and former fight manager Charles Farrell, in their most recent piece for Deadspin, drew a comparison between Rigondeaux and Roberto Duran when it comes to personality type. And this comparison is especially brilliant after seeing the way Saturday's fight ended.
Rigondeaux, much like Duran in the infamous “No Mas” rematch against Sugar Ray Leonard in 1980, chose to quit rather than be embarrassed and humiliated for the remainder of the contest. And possibly also like Duran, Rigondeaux, once falling behind as expected, began to feel the weighty shame of being bamboozled into taking a fight with odds so heavily stacked against him.
“Screw it…this is not even a fair fight….I'm done.”
Those are the thoughts of a proud warrior saving face after taking a fight they shouldn't have taken. A great fighter can handle being beaten in the ring, but it's humiliating to be duped into a bad spot by politics and business.
Lomachenko is a truly great fighter. None of this should in any way diminish what they can do in the ring. He's the best fighter at 130-135, with the possible exception of Mikey Garcia (who may or may not be headed back to lightweight). But Lomachenko beating Rigondeaux proved about as much as Gennady Golovkin would prove by beating up Manny Pacquiao at 160.
As for Rigondeaux, it's sad that they had to stretch themselves so far for a main stage payday. It's even sadder that they may now carry with them the black label of being a “quitter.”
Waving off a game played with a stacked deck is not quitting as much as it is waking up and realizing the folly of pushing forward when there was never really anywhere to go in the first place.
Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery may not be the first officially licensed Harry Potter game on Android, but it's probably going to be the most popular, at least until we see what Niantic has up its sleeve for its upcoming augmented reality title Harry Potter: Wizards Unite. Only just recently has Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery arrived on the Play Store as a soft-launch title, which means it's getting close to an official release. But since there is still no hard date set for when that will happen I have decided to sideload the APK in order to see what it has to offer and share my thoughts.
I would like to briefly mention that Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery is a soft-launch title. Due to its unavailability in my region, I have sideloaded the APK (version 1.1.0) in order to test the gameplay. There may be a few adjustments made to the game before it officially launches, so please take that into consideration when reading this hands-on. I would like to briefly mention that Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery is a soft-launch title. Due to its unavailability in my region, I have sideloaded the APK (version 1.1.0) in order to test the gameplay. There may be a few adjustments made to the game before it officially launches, so please take that into consideration when reading this hands-on.
Intro
The first thing you will probably want to know is that Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery takes place in the timespan between Harry Potter's birth and when they enter the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The second most important fact about this title is that it's very similar to a choosey your own adventure game. So if you had high hopes of playing out your Harry Potter fantasies in a deep and fulfilling RPG or MMO, you can forget that. This is a casual game at its core, which may or may not play out in its favor. Ah, who am I kidding, people are going to eat this game up regardless.
Graphics
As you can tell from the screenshots and teaser trailer, Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery isn't really a graphically intensive game. Sure, it gets the job done, but I would say the graphics are on par with any other bland non-offensive title available for children and adults alike. The characters look mostly similar to their movie counterparts, though there is a heavy lean towards the nondescript caricatures found on the dust jackets of the earlier books over the grittier styles seen in the later films. After all, this is a kid-friendly game, so things need to be toned-down just a bit.
Story
Things start out simple enough. You are entering your first year of Hogwarts. This means you will first do some shopping in Diagon Alley. Here you will meet your first friend who is also entering into their first year at the school. Once you obtain all of your necessary items, you move on to the Sorting Ceremony. Here you get to choose which of the four houses you would like to belong. While I am not fully sure if this choice can affect the gameplay, from what I have seen so far the majority of situations you find yourself in have little to do with which house you chose short of what color robe you wear.
Once you are sorted into your house, you then get to start attending classes. For the most part, these first segments serve to not only move the story along but also as a way to get used to the overall gameplay of completing tasks in a sufficient and timely manner while also learning new spells and potions.
Within the first hour of the game you will learn that your older brother attended Hogwarts but was expelled from the school under odd circumstances. This, of course, follows you around. Not only are the teachers aware of your brother's checkered past, but so too are the students. As you can imagine, issues will arise as you try to figure out what happened.
Gameplay
The gameplay is actually pretty simple and considering that Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery plays a lot like a choosey your own adventure, this is no surprise. You will spend a lot of time working your way through animated dialogue cutscenes, but in between these segments is where the true meat of the gameplay resides.
The way it works is you are given a wide range of tasks to complete. You can easily warp to the areas of the game that these tasks takes place in by merely tapping on the year icon located at the top left of the screen. Once you are where you are supposed to be you can slide the screen from the left to the right to view hallways, classrooms, and some of your other surroundings. These sections will have plenty of different icons in front of doors, people, or objects that you can interact with. When you finally tap on the icon you are meant to be focusing on a new animated segment will reveal what you need to do next. This is usually followed by a simple time-based or swiping task.
As you progress, you will learn new recipes for potions and new spells to perform. These will be used to get past more tasks in the game. Your ultimate goal is to earn points for your house by completing these tasks successfully. If your house has the most points at the end of an in-game year, you will earn yourself some Gems and Coins.
Honestly, the gameplay is super streamlined, though you do get a few different choices with where you want to go or who you want to interact with. What is nice is that figuring out where you need to go next, or what tasks you should be taking on next is a breeze, which should make Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery an easy game to pick up no matter the player's gaming skill.
Monetization
As far as monetization is concerned, Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery is undoubtedly a free-to-play title complete with in-app purchases that range all the way up to $99.99 per item. So yes, there is an energy system which will limit how long you can play, and yes there are two types of in-game currency.
Coins are the first currency, and they are easier to earn in-game than the secondary currency of Gems. These Gems are of course used almost exclusively for the best items in the game, which at the very least appear to be mostly cosmetic. Personally, I am not a fan of two-tiered currencies in FTP games as they tend to be used to obfuscate how much real money you are spending. This is nothing new, but when it's used in a game that's guaranteed to attract children, the implementation leaves a bitter taste in my mouth.
Conclusion
In total I found Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery to be an enjoyable experience, if not a little dull and dumbed down. I believe this was done on purpose so that the game can appeal to a wide array of players, instead of focusing on any one type of fan or group. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but for those of you who are looking for a deep game to dive into, this probably isn't it. But for the rest of you, if you would like to venture back into the world of Harry Potter and enjoy some light-hearted gameplay with a fun and interesting story, Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery is a solid choice.
BBC
A cybersecurity expert from Devon accused of creating and selling malware that steals banking passwords is due to appear at a US court later.
Marcus Hutchins, previously hailed a hero for derailing a global computer attack that wreaked havoc in the NHS, is expected to enter pleas at the hearing in Milwaukee.
They were arrested earlier this month as they prepared to fly from Las Vegas where a friend said they had been attending the Def Con hacking convention.
The 23-year-old faces six counts, dated between July 2014 and July 2015, of creating and selling a malware known as Kronos. Their lawyer previously said their client would deny all the allegations.
Mr Hutchins, from Ilfracombe, was widely celebrated for finding a "kill-switch" that curbed the WannaCry ransomware that infected more than 300,000 computers in 150 countries and crippled the NHS in May.
Patriot Fatigue is a national affliction.
Outside of New England, we've all become a bit nauseated at the sight of these guys in the Super Bowl year after monotonous year, a numbing, inevitable exercise that's transformed America's greatest sporting event into nothing a more quaint backyard game hosted by Bill Belichick and Tom Brady.
Since there is no known cure, the hardcore football faithful might want to mimic those who tune in Sunday for nothing more than the commercials and Justin Timberlake's halftime show — and tune out before the end of the game, thereby avoiding any chance of coming down with another Patriots' celebration.
At this point, it would probably be more appropriate to award the NFL champion a bronzed hoodie rather than the Vince Lombardi Trophy.
But true fans, please — if only for a moment — appreciate what is happening here.
This is undoubtedly the greatest dynasty in NFL history, a team that long ago raced past Lombardi's Packers and Pittsburgh's Steel Curtain and Montana's 49ers. No one has come close to maintaining such a level of excellence for the better part of two decades, so it seems downright reasonable to proclaim, without a hint of hesitation, that we'll never see their likes again.
Don't limit it to football, either.
The Patriots very well could be the greatest dynasty of them all, in any sport. Sure, we'll get objections from the New York Yankees and the Boston Celtics and the Montreal Canadiens, but many of their titles came in a totally different era, before expansion and free-agency and salary caps and longer playoff grinds, all of which were supposed to ensure more parity.
Those rules apply to everyone else.
Not the Patriots.
“I think everyone in the league sort of envies their success to some extent, and rightfully so,” said Philadelphia Eagles coach Doug Pederson, whose team will try to take down the Patriots this time around. “They've been there, done that many times, and that's something that every other team would love to have.”
Those who focus solely on this Groundhog Day-like moment miss the bigger picture.
It all began way back in 2001, just days after the horror of 9-11, when Brady took over as quarterback for longtime starter Drew Bledsoe, who went down with an injury after signing a 10-year contract extension.
With their unheralded, sixth-round draft pick leading the way, the Patriots went on to capture the first of what has grown to five Super Bowl titles.
But, in a sense, those crowns are merely the toppers on an enormous cake.
More impressive in our eyes are the 17 straight winning seasons, only one with fewer than 10 victories. More impressive are the 15 AFC East championships, including the current run of nine in a row. More impressive are the 12 appearances — and eight triumphs — in the AFC championship game. More impressive is staying on top with an ever-changing cast of characters, accumulated through all manner of signings, trades and late-round draft picks.
Ever changing, that is, except for Belichick's singularly focused coaching genius and the 40-year-old Brady's age-defying excellence on the field.
For those looking for a respite, don't count on it anytime soon. Even that scathing ESPN article, which alleged a major rift between Belichick and Brady (and was quickly denied by all), sounded a bit like wishful thinking.
Asked if he's thought about how long they want to coach, Belichick gave a typical response.
“My focus is on Sunday,” the 65-year-old droned. “That's my window right now.”
Brady was downright defiant about their desire to keep playing.
“Why does everyone want me to retire so bad?” they said. “I don't get it. I'm having fun. The team's doing good. I know I'm a little bit older than most of the other guys, but I'm really enjoying it.”
Of course, there are those that will say the Patriots cheated their way to the top, and there's no denying they claimed a virtual monopoly on “gates” with accusations of spying on opponents and deflating footballs.
And, sure, they've carried themselves with all the smugness of a team that knows it's better than everyone else. For instance, their most recent championship rings came with 283 diamonds, a karated commemoration of New England's historic comeback from a 28-3 deficit in last year's Super Bowl.
Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank, whose team was on the wrong end of that comeback, was not amused by the not-so-subtle jab. In August, they confronted their New England counterpart, Robert Kraft.
“I said to Robert, ‘You didn't have to do the 28-3 in the ring,”‘ Blank said in a New York Times Magazine article chronicling the 2016 season. “It kind of (ticked) me off.”
The Falcons won't get a chance at revenge. Not this year, at least.
They were eliminated on the second weekend of the playoffs by the Eagles.
The Patriots, to no one's surprise, are back again.
Yeah, it's getting a little old.
But, before you flip the channel Sunday, take a moment to savour the greatness.
——
Paul Newberry is a sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at pnewberry//apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 0:26 Free on bond, Whitby defers comment to lawyer Pause 2:01 Jason Aldean performs "When They Say Baby" in Macon 2:02 Macon police officers take Bibb sheriff's oath in 2013 2:01 Should the Confederate monument stay in downtown Macon? 1:07 Police spokesperson gives details on suspected home invasion homicide 2:01 Unidentified: Crash leads to grisly discovery 1:24 Firefighter Calendar returns for good cause 0:31 Spotting the signs of mental health issues 2:30 Aaron Davis on playing multiple positions in secondary 0:42 Bibb schools 'virtual desktops' explained Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email One person has been confirmed dead and 19 people injured after a car plowed into a crowd marching peacefully in downtown Charlottesville, Va. Brennan Gilmore Twitter
One person has been confirmed dead and 19 people injured after a car plowed into a crowd marching peacefully in downtown Charlottesville, Va. Brennan Gilmore Twitter
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
VICTORIA — British Columbia's government is moving to ease the province's housing crisis by cracking down on tax evasion in the condominium market and giving municipalities more control over the protection and development of rental housing.
Finance Minister Carole James says proposed changes to the Real Estate Development Marketing Act will require developers to collect and report buyer information on the purchases of pre-sale condominiums to ensure the proper amount of tax is paid when the units are sold.
James says the prices of pre-sale condominiums are inflated by people who buy and sell the properties without ever living in them or paying capital gains tax.
Cameron Muir, chief economist at the B.C. Real Estate Association, says compiling data to track pre-sale condominium sales is a long overdue move.
Housing Minister Selina Robinson says the government has also introduced legislation that would give municipal governments stronger zoning tools to protect and improve the supply of rental properties.
The proposed legislation follows the New Democrat's pledge earlier this year to invest more than $6 billion in affordable housing over the next decade.
ORLANDO, Fla. -- Chalk up Bruce Arena as a fan of the Orlando City Stadium for World Cup qualifying games. And that goes for all of their US national team, too.
The question of "home advantage" has been a thorny one for the national team in recent years, but there is no doubt about the electric charge that carried them into battle against Panama on Friday night – and sent them storming to a 4-0 victory that has them thinking positively of playing time in Russia next summer.
The new Orlando venue was a sellout for the US' penultimate Hex outing, and it was clearly a massive advantage as they eased into a 2-0 lead inside 19 minutes and never looked back as the crowd roared them on in raucous, partisan fashion.
It certainly didn't go unnoticed by the head coach, and they made it clear they are ready to see this Central Florida hotbed stage more games in the future.
“I would recommend that the next cycle [of qualifying games] we closely scrutinize venues where we are strong in qualifying, “ they insisted. “And, from what I see, I would come back to Orlando.
“Home-field advantage is huge and every time we create an atmosphere that supports our team in this manner like tonight, it really helps us.”
Arena knows the grueling CONCACAF qualifying schedule can be tough on their men, and they have been vocal about giving the US a better advantage for their home games.
“Every time we play a home game in World Cup qualifying, we should have a strong, supportive crowd,” they added. “Once in a while, it happens that we don't have that, and that can be a problem. But this was very positive, and it certainly helped us tonight.”
Dax McCarty also noticed the jolt the team received, right from the starting whistle.
“We needed the fans tonight,” they said. “There was a lot of talk about Red Bull Arena and Costa Rica's fans [last month], but when you hear the way the fans were here, there is no doubt they push you to do more, and to do well.”
It was also a welcome homecoming for McCarty, who grew up not far from the downtown venue. They were genuinely amazed at the atmosphere generated by the sell-out crowd of 25,303.
“Never in a million years [did I imagine something like this],” they added. “To see so many people in Orlando and to see soccer as big as it is, it's amazing. The reception that the team got was second to none and this can definitely be a fortress for us in future.”
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Humans have always looked for tangible ways to remember departed loved ones. We save letters and emails they wrote us. We look fondly at photos of them. We watch and rewatch old videos just to see their faces and hear them talk.
But the rise of digital technologies may soon give us even more compelling ways to remember lost friends and family. These include apps that let us text with digital representations of the dead — we'd type a message and then get some sort of comforting reply — and maybe even systems that let us speak with and possibly touch realistic avatars of the ones we miss most.
Maybe that sounds creepy, but some experts believe we'll find comfort in continuing our interactions with people whose biological existences have come to an end.
“Many people visit the headstone of a loved one to help come to terms with their passing, and have a one-sided conversation where they think about the memory of them,” says Bruce Duncan, managing director of Terasem Movement Foundation, a Bristol, Vermont-based nonprofit that promotes digital resurrections. “Being able to have a two-way conversation with a digital version of them, where you can be reminded of their mannerisms or behavioral patterns in an interactive way, could become a natural part of the grieving process.”
Digital immortality
Several companies, including Luka, a San Francisco-based startup, and research organizations including the MIT Media Lab, are working on digital resurrection technology.
It goes without saying that the digital version of a person is no match for the living, breathing human being. But scientists are experimenting with algorithms that can take a person's emails and text messages and use them to generate text messages that are at least evocative of a specific person. The messages can use emojis like the dead person once did. And with data pulled from the internet, the texts can even include back-and-forths about topical things like weather and current events.
In coming years, Duncan believes, there may be browser plug-ins capable of capturing an entire life's worth of social media posts, emails, photos, and other digital data and using everything to approximate an individual's personality, complete with values and opinions.
Digital resurrection technology is unlikely to stop with chatbots. Duncan and other experts foresee a time when we'll be able to interact with lost loved ones not just via texts but in virtual reality.
“You'd be able to put on your virtual reality glasses and headset, and experience typical everyday situations with that person, like sitting at the breakfast table or taking a walk in a nearby park,” says Charlotte Runius, CEO of Fenix Begravning, a Stockholm, Sweden-based funeral planning agency that is working with AI experts to develop these technologies. “Hearing their voice and seeing them would allow you to actually feel like you're next to the person again, and you can talk to them and get replies in a much more realistic way.”
By wearing a bodysuit and gloves studded with sensors and actuators, it might even be possible to interact physically with a realistic-looking avatar of a deceased person. The technology could monitor a living person's movements, voice, and facial expressions and then later use them to direct an avatar to respond appropriately — perhaps by offering advice or giving a comforting hug.
In the distant future, one can imagine that it would be possible to create a robotic avatar of a beloved one — a bit like the scenario depicted in a popular episode of the Netflix series "Black Mirror," in which a grieving widow's late partner is resurrected in robotic form with help from their texts, photos, and emails.
The only snag with these scenarios is that much of the data used to resurrect someone would have to be collected while they or they were still alive — for instance, by having them or them speak a thousand or so words and be recorded on video.
Emotional comfort — or pain?
What would it be like to interact with someone who's been brought back in digital form? Some experts say it could aid the grieving process. Others worry that interacting with a virtual representation of a person who is no longer alive would only intensify feelings of sadness and loss.
Studies have shown that bereaved people can experience grief hallucinations, and there are concerns that interacting with avatars might raise the risk.
Duncan believes that, at least for most people, the experience will be akin to watching home movies and enjoying the memories that they trigger.
“Enjoying talking to past loved ones via digital media may eventually become the future version of looking through photographs of past events… It's hard to predict the future, but just as we've adjusted to using Skype and cell phones I think we'll consider it valuable to continue some connection with a person we care about.”
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Mrityunjay Bose, Mumbai, DH News Service, Oct 7 2017, 9:25 IST
The fire at the Butcher Island - the oil terminal of strategic importance - continued on Saturday morning.
Teams of Mumbai Fire Brigade and Mumbai Port Trust are continuing operations.
The fire is confined to a 32000 metric ton high-speed diesel storage tank.
According to sources, the fire is expected to be controlled by noon.
People from the eastern coast of Mumbai could see thick smoke billowing out from Butcher Island, located nearly 5 nautical miles off the Gateway of India.
The Disaster Management Unit of the Maharashtra Government is monitoring the operations.
So far, the MbPT has not sought the help of Indian Navy and Indian Coast Guard.
Thousands attend a march in Hollywood, Calif., on Tuesday, April 24, 2018, to commemorate the 103rd anniversary of the Armenian Genocide. Los Angeles Daily News via AP David Crane
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Ko Backpacko
You have a hankering for something fried, so on your way home from work you keep your eyes peeled for something open on your side of the freeway. Sure enough, your corneas catch the oh-so-familiar sight of the golden arches. You stroll into the McDonald's, and eye the menu, with its standard staggered prices. Prices are graduated based on price so that a large fry will cost more than a medium, and a medium more than a small. (This is why McDonald's french fries are so addictive.)
And this makes sense. The amount of money you pay correlates with the amount of product you receive in exchange. And generally speaking, this holds true for most things, from paper towels to pantyhose. One particularly glaring exception to this rule can be found in any pair of shorts.
Shorts cover half the surface area of pants, so shouldn't they be half the price? (And, for that matter, shin-hugging capris should cost five-sixths the price of regular pants.) The reason for the seeming ripoff actually makes a lot of sense, according to Esquire.
As it turns out, pairs of shorts that fall short of your knee are made with just a fifth less fabric than a standard pair of pants. The concentration of cloth is much heavier in the top half of a pair of shorts than the top half of a pair of pants, so even though the material might seem much less, it isn't.
Additionally, your leg coverings aren't raw materials, not by a long shot. Human labor plays a huge role in the pricing out of pants versus shorts. Shorts and pants both have pockets, belt loops, and waistbands, which all require the equal amount of manpower to stitch. Unless you're wearing parachute pants, of course.
[Source: Esquire]
Image copyright Google Image caption A pupil at Combe Down Nursery is being treated for a meningococcal infection
A child at a nursery school in Bath is being treated for meningitis, Public Health England (PHE) has said.
The pupil at Combe Down Nursery was being treated for a meningococcal infection, a spokesperson added.
As a precaution people who have been in close contact with the child have been offered antibiotics to prevent further spread of the infection.
PHE has written to parents to provide information and remind them of the signs and symptoms of the infection.
Katie Hopgood, from Public Health England South West, said national guidelines were being followed to "ensure close contacts are offered antibiotics to reduce the risk of the infection spreading".
"The best advice remains for everyone to be aware of and alert to the signs and symptoms of meningococcal infection," they added.
They said people should be aware of the symptoms "which can include a fever, headache, rapid breathing, drowsiness, shivering, vomiting and cold hands and feet".
"It can also cause a characteristic rash which does not fade when pressed against a glass.
"Early recognition of meningitis and septicaemia symptoms can greatly improve the outcome of the disease."
In honor of the rowdy scene surrounding the 16th hole at TPC Scottsdale, Cut Line offers a lively take on Tiger Woods' return, slow play and the realities of trying to become a mainstream sport.
Made Cut
Something new. If you're part of the segment of the golf world that has dug in against the raucousness of TPC Scottsdale's 16th hole, you may be missing the big picture.
To be sure, No. 16 at this week's Waste Management Phoenix Open is an acquired taste, and players are quick to point out that a steady diet of the 16th hole's shenanigans would get old real quick, but the push back is another example of golf refusing to embrace something new.
“I may be somewhat of a fan-favorite, but they weren't holding back,” Rickie Fowler said this week. “I was a little disappointed with some of the stuff that was said, and I don't want much negativity. The normal boos for missing a green, that's fine, but leave the heckling to a minimum and make it fun, support the guys out playing.”
Fowler's point is valid - golf has always demanded a degree of decorum - but that ignores the realities in other sports and the game's desire to broaden its appeal.
Mainstream sports, which is what golf aspires to be, are not always warm and fuzzy and can be, on occasion, downright unsavory.
Pro-(and no con) am. The PGA Tour embarked on a new experiment this week at TPC Scottsdale, giving players an option to play just nine holes of Wednesday's pro-am.
For players, the time commitment of the pro-am can be a drain and the new policy has targeted seven events where the format will be used this season.
“There's no other sport where you have to do a six- or seven-hour requirement the day before a competition,” Kevin Streelman told Cut Line. “LeBron [James] doesn't have to do a seven-hour dinner the night before their basketball games.”
The new plan allows players to just go nine with the amateurs before being replaced by another professional for the closing loop; or they can play all 18 holes if they choose. It also allows amateurs, who pay handsomely to play the pro-am, to mix it up with two Tour types for the price of one.
It's a rare win-win for the game and another sign the circuit is beginning to embrace new ideas.
Made Cut-Did Not Finish (MDF)
The Return. Tiger Woods' first official event on the Tour in a year wasn't perfect. They hit just nine fairways over their last 54 holes and, if not for a vintage short game, they would not have seen the weekend at Torrey Pines.
Still, Woods' return following fusion surgery on their lower back last April should be applauded as a positive step forward after so many steps back in recent years.
Where Woods' tie for 23rd at last week's Farmers Insurance Open goes off the rails is the predictable reaction from some that he's ready to return to greatness. On this, Woods should be considered the most reasonable voice in the room.
“After not playing for a couple years and coming out here on the Tour, playing, you know, a solid four days, I fought hard for these scores,” Woods said. “They weren't like drive down the middle, hit it on the green, two putts, one of those yawners. This was a lot of fight.”
Maybe this wasn't exactly what some fans and observers were hoping for, but based on their play at Torrey Pines Woods' take provides a degree of more realistic expectations for the foreseeable future.
Missed Cut
Denial. It took just a little over four minutes for J.B. Holmes to become the face of slow play on Tour. That's the amount of time Holmes needed to play their second shot on the 72nd hole last week at Torrey Pines.
Slow play is problem, not just on Tour but throughout golf, and taking over four minutes to play a shot from the fairway, without a ruling or penalty stroke should not be the norm; but this isn't a J.B. Holmes problem. It's a Tour problem.
“As it relates to J.B. . . . They were in the heat of the moment,” commissioner Jay Monahan said this week. “It's really hard to win out here. You're trying to think through how you can get on the green in two with that amount of wind. I think they thought it would subside quickly, and it subsided and picked back up, and I think they said what they needed to say.”
It's unfortunate the commissioner didn't say what many want to hear. Rounds that drifted nearly six hours on Sunday at Torrey Pines are bad for the game, bad for the Tour, and until the circuit admits there's a problem, it's only going to get worse.
Tweet of the week:
Last group was over a hole behind, we can all blame JB...and yes the player should take responsibility for their pace of play, but if they don't that's why we have Tour officials - they needed to step in a while ago IMO. — Luke Donald (@LukeDonald) January 28, 2018
Some players, most notably Justin Thomas, came to Holmes' defense this week, and to be fair Holmes didn't violate the Tour's pace of play policy. As Donald correctly points out, that's a problem with the policy, not the player.
WASHINGTON — Aiming to show tough action against Iran, the White House is preparing a series of measures targeting its affiliates in the country and beyond, even as President Donald Trump quietly steps back from their campaign pledge to rip up the nuclear deal.
New actions to be announced in the coming days will focus on two entities: Iran's Revolutionary Guard and Hezbollah, the Shiite militant group blamed for sowing discord in the Middle East and seeking Israel's demise. The actions include financial sanctions on anyone who does business with the Revolutionary Guard, as well as millions of dollars in rewards for information leading to the arrest of two operatives of the Iranian-backed Hezbollah.
The measures were described by two administration officials and a person familiar with the unfolding policy on Iran. The administration officials spoke on condition of anonymity in order to discuss the actions before they are officially announced. The third person was not authorized to speak about private conversations.
The moves allow Trump to show they are not easing the pressure against the Islamic Republic, even though the nuclear deal they have long derided may live on — at least for the immediate future.
An avowed critic of the 2015 nuclear agreement between Iran and world powers, Trump has called it one of America's “worst and most one-sided transactions” ever. Yet White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said Friday that Trump is looking beyond the deal for ways to pressure Tehran.
“The president isn't looking at one piece of this,” Sanders said. “He's looking at all of the bad behaviour of Iran — not just the nuclear deal as bad behaviour, but the ballistic missile testing, destabilizing of the region, number one state sponsor of terrorism, cyberattacks, illicit nuclear program.”
Since taking office, the Trump administration has spoken about an all-of-the-above approach to countering Iran's troublesome activities in the region, which extend beyond nuclear development to ballistic missile testing, human rights violations and support for extremist groups. But the administration has had to wait to put that approach into place until it finished a lengthy Iran policy review whose completion has been repeatedly delayed.
The person familiar with Iran policy said H.R. McMaster, the president's national security adviser, has been the key driver in developing the integrated strategy with the Defence, State and Treasury departments and intelligence agencies.
Trump is set to deliver a policy speech on Iran next week in which they are expected to decline to certify Iran's compliance in the landmark 2015 agreement that the U.S. and its partners signed with Tehran to rein in its nuclear program.
That would stop short of pulling out of the deal. Lawmakers say Trump isn't going to immediately announce new nuclear sanctions, which are prohibited by the deal, and instead will refer the matter to Congress.
Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., tweeted Friday that the White House has told senators the president will “decertify (the) Iran deal but asks Congress NOT to re-impose sanctions.”
Under the new policy, the White House is focusing on the Revolutionary Guard and Hezbollah — two Iran-backed entities that have long elicited scorn from much of the West.
The State Department next week will announce a total of $12 million in rewards for information leading to the location, arrest or conviction of two leaders of Hezbollah.
The U.S. will offer up to $7 million for information on Talal Hamiyah, who leads Hezbollah's international terrorism branch and is suspected of carrying out hijackings, attacks and kidnappings of U.S. citizens. Another $5 million is being offered for information on Fuad Shukr, a member of Hezbollah who runs the group's military forces in southern Lebanon, where the group is based.
The Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps, or IRGC, will also feel the squeeze. Legislation signed in August gave Trump an Oct. 31 deadline to either impose sanctions on the IRGC or issue a waiver.  They are not expected to sign the waiver, meaning the sanctions will kick in automatically.
The new White House policy will also include a political strategy to curb Iranian aggression, possible covert or cyber operations and diplomatic efforts to change parts of the nuclear deal with Iran.
Edmonton-based rocker-turned-country singer Dan Davidson said he's excited to bring their live show to Whitecourt's Party in the Park as the headliner on June 16.
“It's gonna be great. It's my first big headlining festival this summer, so it's gonna be a blast,” said Davidson, adding that he's got shows scheduled across Canada afterwards.
“This is the longest I've ever been contracted to play for, so we're just pulling out all the stops. We're gonna have a little bit of everything — some solo songs, some medleys, some crowd participation, a lot of high-end croons, some acoustic stuff. Something for everybody, I hope,” they said regarding their slated 80-minute set.
Davidson was initially part of the band Tupelo Honey, a folk-rock outfit formed in St. Albert in 2003, which opened for big-name rock acts, such as Bon Jovi, Billy Talent and past Party in the Park headliner Bif Naked.
They said they got bored with rock music and was drawn to country music so they could “continue to grow as a songwriter.”
“Being from Alberta, it's hard to get away from a little bit of (country) in your blood,” said Davidson, who isn't optimistic about the future of rock music.
“Rock is mortally wounded,” they said, explaining that Tupelo Honey had difficulty finding acts to play with in it's later years.
“We've been through the highs of rock and the lows of rock. It's at a pretty low point right now. I love rock music and I hope it comes back, but for me, longevity is definitely in the country music genre,” Davidson added.
Davidson cited Willie Nelson, Lyle Lovett, Blue Rodeo and Washboard Union as their major musical influences.
They attributed country music's massive appeal in Alberta to the sense of community it cultivates amongst disparate threads of society.
“There are so many different types of communities out here that it tries to connect people on certain threads that are common wherever you live, whether it's a big city or small town, if you're blue collar or white collar, whatever. It's about good times, music and finding ways to connect people through basic emotions,” Davidson said.
“The fans are for life and the fans are loyal. There's a reason it's the fastest growing genre right now — it's so widely spread out as far as what people are delivering for songs and content and style that there really is something for everybody in country,” they added.
Davidson has had two Top 20 singles — “Found” and Barn Burner” — on CMT, radio and iTunes since 2016.
Their latest single and music video, “Say We Did,” is getting released in the coming weeks.
“We're going to have a really fun summer promoting that single,” said Davidson.
jappel@postmedia.com
Twitter: @jerapp3
Image copyright Hugh Miles Image caption Prince Sultan bin Turki, pictured centre
In the last two years, three Saudi princes living in Europe have disappeared. All were critical of the Saudi government - and there is evidence that all were abducted and flown back to Saudi Arabia… where nothing further has been heard from them.
Early in the morning on 12 June 2003, a Saudi prince is being driven to a palace on the outskirts of Geneva.
Their name is Sultan bin Turki bin Abdulaziz, and the palace belongs to their uncle, the late King Fahd. It's the king's favourite son, Prince Abdulaziz bin Fahd, who has invited them to breakfast.
Abdulaziz asks Sultan to return to Saudi Arabia - where they say a conflict over Sultan's criticisms of the Saudi leadership will be resolved.
Sultan refuses, at which point Abdulaziz excuses themselves to make a phone call. The other man in the room, the Saudi Minister of Islamic Affairs, Sheikh Saleh al-Sheikh, leaves too and after a few moments masked men rush in. They beat Sultan and handcuff him, then a needle is plunged into their neck.
Unconscious, Sultan is rushed to Geneva airport - and carried on to a Medevac plane that is conveniently waiting on the tarmac.
Such, at least, is Sultan's account of the events, as told to a Swiss court many years later.
Among Sultan's staff, waiting at a Geneva hotel for them to return from their breakfast appointment, was their communications officer, Eddie Ferreira.
"Progressively, as the day went on the silence became deafening," they remember. "We couldn't reach the security team. That was the first real alert. We tried to contact the prince; there was no response, no answer."
Then, in the afternoon, two unexpected visitors arrived.
"The Saudi ambassador to Switzerland came in with the general manager of the hotel and quite simply just told everybody to vacate the penthouse and get out," Ferreira says. "The prince was in Riyadh, our services were no longer required, and we could leave."
What had Prince Sultan done that could have led their family to violently drug and kidnap him?
The previous year they had arrived in Europe for medical treatment, and started giving interviews critical of the Saudi government. They condemned the country's record on human rights, complained about corruption among princes and officials, and called for a series of reforms.
Ever since 1932, when King Abdulaziz, known as Ibn Saud, founded Saudi Arabia, the country has been ruled as an absolute monarchy. It does not tolerate dissent.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Prince Turki bin Bandar meets Pakistan's finance minister in 2003
Prince Turki bin Bandar was once a major in the Saudi police, with responsibility for policing the royal family itself. But a bitter family dispute over a contested inheritance landed them in prison, and on their release they fled to Paris, where, in 2012, they began posting videos on YouTube calling for reform in Saudi Arabia.
The Saudis reacted as they had with Prince Sultan, and tried to persuade Turki to return. When Ahmed al-Salem, the deputy minister of the interior called, the prince recorded the conversation and posted it online.
"Everybody's looking forward to your return, God bless you," says the deputy minister.
"Looking forward to my return?" replies Turki. "What about the letters your officers send me? 'You son of a whore, we'll drag you back like Sultan bin Turki.'"
The deputy minister replies reassuringly: "They won't touch you. I'm your brother."
"No they're from you," says Turki. "The Ministry of Interior sends them."
Turki went on publishing videos until July 2015. Then, sometime later that year, they disappeared.
"He called me every month or two," says a friend, the blogger and activist Wael al-Khalaf.
"Then they disappeared for four or five months. I was suspicious. [Then] I heard from a senior officer in the kingdom that Turki bin Bandar was with them. So they'd taken him, he'd been kidnapped."
After a long search for news of Turki, I found an article in a Moroccan newspaper, which said that they had been about to return to France after a visit to Morocco, when they were arrested and jailed. Then, following a request from the Saudi authorities, they were deported with the approval of a Moroccan court.
We don't know for certain what happened to Turki bin Bandar, but before they disappeared they gave their friend Wael a copy of a book he'd written, in which they had added what may be a prophetic note.
"Dear Wael, these statements are not to be shared unless I am kidnapped or assassinated. I know I will be kidnapped or they will assassinate me. I also know how they abuse my rights and those of the Saudi people."
Image caption Saud bin Saif al-Nasr
Around the same time as Prince Turki vanished another Saudi prince, Saud bin Saif al-Nasr - a relatively minor royal with a liking for Europe's casinos and expensive hotels - shared a similar fate.
In 2014 Saud began writing tweets that were critical of the Saudi monarchy.
They called for the prosecution of Saudi officials who'd backed the overthrow of Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi the previous year.
Then, in September 2015, Saud went further.
After an anonymous Saudi prince wrote two letters calling for a coup to remove King Salman, Saud publicly endorsed them - the only royal to do so. This was tantamount to treason, and may have sealed theirs fate.
A few days later, they tweeted: "I call for the nation to turn the content of these letters into popular pressure." Then their Twitter account went silent.
Another dissident prince - Prince Khaled bin Farhan, who fled to Germany in 2013 - believes Saud was tricked into flying from Milan to Rome to discuss a business deal with a Russian-Italian company seeking to open branches in the Gulf.
"A private plane from the company came and took Prince Saud. But it didn't land in Rome, it landed in Riyadh," Khaled says.
"It turned out Saudi intelligence had fabricated the entire operation," they claim.
"Now Prince Saud's fate is the same as Prince Turki's, which is prison… The only fate is an underground prison."
Find out more
Kidnapped: Saudi Arabia's Missing Princes will be broadcast on BBC Arabic on Tuesday 15 August at 19:05 GMT and repeated on 16, 17, 19, 20, 21 and 22 August
will be broadcast on BBC Arabic on Tuesday 15 August at 19:05 GMT and repeated on 16, 17, 19, 20, 21 and 22 August The film was also broadcast on Newsnight on 14 August. Watch again on iPlayer
Prince Sultan, being higher up the royal pecking order, was shuttled between prison and house arrest. But their health was also deteriorating, so in 2010 the royal family allowed them to seek medical treatment in Boston, Massachusetts.
What they did from the safety of their US exile must have horrified the Saudis - they filed a criminal complaint in the Swiss courts, accusing Prince Abdulaziz bin Fahd and Sheikh Saleh al-Sheikh of responsibility for their 2003 kidnap.
Their American lawyer, Clyde Bergstresser, obtained a medical record from King Faisal Specialist Hospital in Riyadh, where Sultan was admitted on 13 June 2003, which indicated that a tube had been placed into their mouth to help them breathe while anaesthetised, and that one side of their diaphragm was paralysed - presumably as a result of the assault.
For the first time a senior Saudi royal was launching a criminal complaint, in a Western court, against another family member.
But Bergstresser says the Swiss authorities have shown little interest in the case.
"Nothing has been done to pursue what occurred at the airport," they say. "Who were the pilots? What were the flight plans when these planes from Saudi Arabia arrived? This abduction occurred on Swiss soil and one would think that there would be an interest in finding out how that occurred."
Image copyright Getty Images
In January 2016, Sultan was staying at an exclusive Paris hotel when, like Saud bin Saif al-Nasr, they were tempted on to an aeroplane.
They were planning to visit their father, also a well-known critic of the Saudi government, in Cairo, when the Saudi consulate offered them and their entourage of about 18 - including a personal doctor and nurses and bodyguards from the US and Europe - the use of a private jet.
Despite what had happened to them in 2003, they accepted.
Two members of the entourage explain how events unfolded. Both prefer to remain anonymous.
"We pulled on to the tarmac and in front of us was a huge airplane, with... it had the country of Saudi Arabia written on it," says one.
"It was a little eerie because there were a lot of crew members on board. All of them were male," says the other.
The plane took off with in-flight monitors showing it was bound for Cairo. But two-and-a-half hours into the flight, the monitors went blank.
Prince Sultan was sleeping in their room, but they woke up about an hour before landing. They looked out of the window, and appeared anxious, the former members of their staff say.
As it dawned on the passengers that they were about to land in Saudi Arabia, Sultan started banging on the cockpit door and crying for help. A crew member ordered the prince's team to stay in their seats.
"We looked out the window and we just saw a bunch of people get out with their rifles slung over their chest and surrounded the plane," says one of the members of their entourage.
The soldiers and cabin crew dragged Sultan from the plane. They were screaming at their team to call the US embassy.
The prince and their medics were taken to a villa and put under armed guard. On the plane the others waited nervously. They were later taken to a hotel, held for three days without passports or telephones, then allowed to fly to a destination of their choice.
Before they left, a Saudi official, who the prince's staff recognised as one of the "flight attendants" on the plane, offered an apology.
"He told us that we were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. And that they were sorry for the inconvenience," one of them says.
The other adds: "I wasn't inconvenienced - I was kidnapped. I was held against my will in a country that I did not choose to go to."
It was an astonishing situation. Together with Prince Sultan, about 18 foreign nationals had been kidnapped, taken to Saudi Arabia, and held by the Saudi military.
There has been no news of Prince Sultan since these events.
I asked the government of Saudi Arabia to respond to the allegations in this film. It declined to comment.
Image caption Prince Khaled
Meanwhile Prince Khaled, still exiled in Germany, worries that they too will be forced to return to Riyadh.
"There were four of us family members in Europe. We criticised the family and its rule in Saudi Arabia. Three of us were kidnapped. I'm the only one left," they say.
Could they be next on the abduction list?
"I'm convinced. I've been convinced for a long time. If they could do it, they'd have done it by now. I'm very cautious, but it's at the price of my freedom."
Join the conversation - find us on Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat and Twitter.
Video
Tim Muffet takes a look at how pirate radio changed the face of broadcasting.
Environmentalist says the federal government should step in to protect an area of Hudson Bay that is the world's largest calving area for beluga whales.
“The case for protection is just so strong,” said Chris Debicki of the group Oceans North, which just released a report on the southwestern shores of the bay, where more than 55,000 of the white whales gather every year.
“There's nothing like this on the planet.”
Every year, tens of thousands of belugas migrate from their winter ranges to the mouths of the Seal, Nelson and Churchill rivers.
Scientist suggests the whales — one-quarter of all the belugas in the world — are drawn by the shallow, warm water that is ideal for calving. The river estuaries also protect the calves from killer whales while providing abundant meals of fish and bottom-dwelling shellfish.
The area is also rich with 170 species of migratory birds and one of the world's most southerly populations of polar bears.
The wildlife is crucially important to Inuit communities, which have left a rich archeological record from centuries of occupation along the western shore of Hudson Bay.
It's also becoming a significant tourism resource for Manitoba, which bills the area's wildlife as one of its marquee draws.
Debicki said Ottawa should turn the region into a national marine conservation area.
Canada has two such areas — one in Georgian Bay in Lake Superior and one in the St. Lawrence River. Two others — one in a different part of Lake Superior and one in Gwaii Haanas off the British Columbia coast — are in advanced planning stages.
A fifth, on the eastern gate to the Northwest Passage, is also planned.
Oceans North has been urging Parks Canada to create a conservation area for the belugas since 2012 and the federal government announced its intention to do so in the 2017 budget.
Debicki said it's time to start moving.
“The federal government hasn't come up yet and talked to folks.”
Creating a conservation area would also help Canada meet its promised target of protecting 10 per cent of its marine areas and coastline by 2020, Debicki said.
“It's an important test case,” they said. “If we can't protect these places of tremendous abundance, we're in trouble as a country.”
— Follow @row1960 on Twitter
Conor McGregor has claimed is fight with Floyd Mayweather "is on", with the latter naming 26 August as the date for a Las Vegas showdown.
In May the Dubliner said they had agreed their side of the deal for the much-talked about and long-rumoured bout and that it would be confirmed once their opponent ironed out their stipulations.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
The 28-year-old is the biggest pay-per-view draw in UFC's mixed martial arts while the 40-year-old Mayweather, retired in 2015 with a 49-0 record, is considered one of the finest fighters of all time.
On Wednesday night, McGregor tweeted: "The fight is on."
Mayweather has previosly said that if their comeback was to happen it would almost certainly be against the Irishman: "We have to give the people what they want to see. The fans demand that fight; we have to give them what they want to see to make them happy.
"I think this year I'll be back at number one in Forbes' (list of athletes' net worth), in a matter of time."
Rein Automotive has joined title sponsor FCP Euro in partnership with Rooster Hall Racing for the 2017 Pirelli World Challenge season. Rooster Hall Racing, and its President, Todd Brown of Louisa, Virginia, are campaigning the 2017 Pirelli World Challenge 6-race Touring Car (TC) schedule with a BMW M235i Racing.
The 2017 schedule includes races at some of the most iconic racetracks across the United States and Canada, including Virginia International Raceway, Canadian Tire Motorsports Park, Lime Rock Park, Circuit of the Americas, Miller Motorsports Park and Laguna Seca. The car will be piloted by professional driver and coach, Anthony Magagnoli of DriveFasterNow.com, who resides in Dexter, Michigan.
“The Pirelli World Challenge is a great opportunity to gain widespread exposure of the Rein Automotive brand. Our brand will be seen on live broadcasts like CBS Sports Network and Motor Trend On Demand, advertising mediums our company typically has not tapped into,” said Trevor Potter, vice president of sales at CRP Automotive.
CRP said it is excited to partner with FCP Euro, one of its fastest-growing, most technologically advanced customers targeting the DIY enthusiast market.
Potter added, “Although our brands have been used in this market segment for years, CRP has not been historically active with marketing within the enthusiast market. Partnering with FCP Euro on their 2017 racing program offers an excellent avenue to provide this target group with Rein Automotive brand messaging, leveraging all the facets of FCP Euro social media activities and at the track experiences/events.”
Rein Automotive is a key brand in the CRP Automotive brand portfolio and one that is representative of CRP's longstanding OE heritage alongside brands such as ContiTech, Pentosin, AAE and Ajusa. Rein Automotive parts are designed as direct replacements for the OE components and feature the same fit, form, performance and quality as the OE parts and many cases the parts are genuine OE components, according to the company.
“FCP Euro has had a longstanding and successful partnership with CRP Automotive. We are excited to take this relationship to the next level by partnering with them to establish and grow their Rein brand. Rein's high quality, OE replacement program fits perfectly into our premium offering and we completely stand behind Rein's product lines,” said Scott Drozd, FCP Euro CEO.
Race fans can keep up-to-date with the RHR team via FCP Euro's Facebook page, and @fcpeuro on Instagram and Twitter.
Image copyright Scottish SPCA Image caption The puppies were found abandoned in a shed
Five border collies have been found abandoned in a shed in south west Scotland.
They had been left overnight in the outbuilding on Main Street in Sandhead near Stranraer.
The Scottish SPCA was called out and took them to its rescue centre in Ayr where they were said to be in "good bodily condition".
Insp Paul Tuchewicz said it was an "incredibly cruel act" to leave the puppies "alone and frightened".
Image copyright Scottish SPCA Image caption The puppies were said to be in "good bodily condition"
"They're all beautiful puppies and we're sure there will be no shortage of people wanting to offer them a new home," they said.
"If anyone can help us trace the person who owned them, we would urge them to come forward."
Abandoning an animal is an offence under the Animal Health and Welfare (Scotland) Act 2006.
Anyone found guilty of doing so can be banned from keeping animals for a fixed period or life.
Dell has debuted the S2718D Ultrathin Monitor, which the company bills as the “world's overall thinnest monitor.” Look at it set up next to a Dell XPS notebook, and you can see the similar design cues. Simply put, it looks like they were made for each other.
Key Specs 27-inch QHD 2560 x 1440 resolution 178-degree wide viewing angle 99-percent sRGB color gamut 400 nits brightness, 1000:1 contrast ratio, 6ms response HDR support USB Type-C connection with power/data/video support
The Dell 27 is indeed incredibly thin, although Dell neglected to report on the monitor's actual dimensions. Because it uses the same InfinityEdge thin bezel technology as XPS notebooks and the new XPS 13 2-in-1, the Dell 27 certainly looks smaller than it really is. It appears to have the thinnest bezels of any monitor we've seen, and it's extremely close to achieving the dream of a monitor without bezels.
Being incredibly thin doesn't seem to have impacted Dell's ability to create a high-quality display. The Dell 27 offers up 400 nits of brightness, a 1000:1 contrast ratio, and 6ms response time. It also covers 99 percent of the sRGB color gamut, and offers a 178-degree wide viewing angle.
Overall resolution is QHD (2,560 x 1,440), so while it's not a 4K display it does go beyond 1080p. The Dell 27 also supports high dynamic range (HDR), and so should provide impressive colors. Finally, the monitor supports USB Type-C connectivity for video, data, and power all in one cable, and a connectivity hub at the rear of the stand should keep things uncluttered.
More: Dell refreshes UltraSharp lineup with its deepest curve yet
Dell hasn't provided any information on when the Dell 27 will be available for purchase. The company did, however, tell us that whenever it arrives, it will be priced at $700. That may be a problem for many users, because it's possible to buy an excellent monitor at that price. Dell itself sells 4K monitors for less. Still, the Dell 27 Ultrathin Monitor will be attractive to anyone who cares about how their monitor looks — even when It's turned off.
The Miami Heat put the finishing touches on its stinging end to the 2016-17 season Monday when players returned to AmericanAirlines Arena to collect personal items from their lockers and conduct exit interviews with the coaching staff.
But as coach Erik Spoelstra put it, it felt more like a “clean up day, not a clean out day.”
“Hopefully this is dot, dot, dot continued and we can build on this,” Spoelstra said. “But, all those discussions are literally months away.
“We want our guys to still feel at home,” Spoelstra continued. “Free agency is going to happen. A lot of our players are going to have free agent possibilites, free agency opportunities in July. But that's July.
“Once our staff gets away and is able to unplug we're going to be back in here and we're going to encourage guys to come back and continue to work to get better and build on this. We're not taking down their lockers and shipping over their gear to them. Their practice gear and shoes will be there. Hopefully, we'll have guys – even the ones that have free agent triggers – who will be back working out with us after a few weeks.”
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:21 Haslem: 'They have nothing to be ashamed of.' Pause 0:54 Dragic: 'I would trade .500 for making the playoffs.' 0:25 Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem 1:49 Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose 0:21 Puppy transfixed by invasive green iguana 0:38 Larry King and Chris Bosh talk piercings 2:18 Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season' 0:26 Heat's Dion Waiters talks about preparing for next season 1:43 Top 10 free agent signings from the NFL offseason 1:07 Previewing who the Dolphins might pick in the 2017 NFL Draft Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season' Miami Heat's coach Erik Spolestra talks about the team and how it became a special season for the Heat players as they came closer to competing for a playoff position towards the end of the regular season, although they fell short of that goal. Charles Trainor, Jr. ctrainor@miamiherald.com
If Monday's exit interviews with reporters (and a weekend photo with an interesting caption by owner Micky Arison) wasn't just lip service, then there's a real chance the Heat, which turned an 11-30 start into an amazing 41-41 just-missed-the-playoffs finish, could end up keeping the core of its team together beyond July 1.
Not only is Spoelstra amenable to it, but so are James Johnson and Dion Waiters, the team's two biggest free agents who are sure to receive hefty raises this summer (Luol Deng netted a four-year, $72 million deal last summer with the Lakers) that could put them outside the Heat's budget.
In the end, it will be up to team president Pat Riley to decide how much of the team's $38 million in available cap space (once Chris Bosh is released and their $25.2 million cap hold recovered) he's willing to spend to keep them around.
Asked Monday, Waiters, 25, and Johnson, 30, both said they would like to stay in Miami – with Johnson saying they might even be willing to take less to stay with the team which brought out the best in them physically and allowed the 6-9, 250-pound ball-handling power forward to play the way they always envisioned they could.
“It's not always greener on the other side,” Johnson responded when asked how he'll weigh the benefits of playing another season in Miami versus perhaps signing the biggest contract of their career elsewhere. “That's the only thing that's going on in the back of my head right now. I might not have the same opportunities that I had this year -- to get out of the box and play the way that I can to contribute to winning. Who knows if I can get that on another team. Money has nothing to do with that. Basketball, I love the game and I love it here.”
Deng said many of the same things about staying with the Heat last summer. Then they received the kind of contract they didn't expect from the Lakers. While Johnson said money will enter the discussion (one in which they say they will have to have with their family), they also said “the loyalty with this organization – that's going to outweigh a lot of other things including money.”
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:21 Haslem: 'They have nothing to be ashamed of.' Pause 0:54 Dragic: 'I would trade .500 for making the playoffs.' 0:25 Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem 1:49 Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose 0:21 Puppy transfixed by invasive green iguana 0:38 Larry King and Chris Bosh talk piercings 2:18 Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season' 0:26 Heat's Dion Waiters talks about preparing for next season 1:43 Top 10 free agent signings from the NFL offseason 1:07 Previewing who the Dolphins might pick in the 2017 NFL Draft Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Heat's Dion Waiters talks about preparing for next season Miami Heat's Dion Waiters talks to the media outside the Heat's locker room about the advantage of not making the playoffs, getting to start on preparing earlier for the next season than the teams in the current NBA post season. Charles Trainor, Jr. ctrainor@miamiherald.com
Could Johnson envision sitting down with Riley and Waiters to discuss a financial plan – like the Big Three once did – to fit the two of them under the salary cap together and strengthen the team?
“I hope so,” Johnson said. “I really hope so. I love playing with Dion. Theirs heart, their antics, they fire me up. So, I hope so.”
Waiters, who played in only 46 games because of ankle and groin injuries, was less committal to sacrificing money.
They could be in better standing honestly to net a big pay day considering the shooting guard position in free agency isn't exactly loaded with stars. Dwyane Wade, 35, and JJ Redick, 32, are in line to be the most decorated players at their position to enter free agency. Wade would have to walk away from a $23.8 million player option in Chicago to put themselves back on the market.
“Whatever it takes,” Waiters responded when asked if they would take less money to stay in Miami. “But I can't answer that right now. I can't control that.
“I can't predict the future. The only thing I can do is be around, continue rehab and treatment. It's only April right now, that stuff comes around in July. When it does come around, we'll take care of it.”
Both Waiters and Johnson said their plan is to stay in Miami to workout this off-season.
Spoelstra said Waiters, like Johnson, is a player they don't want to “put a ceiling” on in terms of potential.
That said, Spoelstra added: “It was a little bit disappointing that they aren't able to get 75-plus games in there. I think we would have had a lot better chance to, all of us, be able to see what he's capable of.”
Accused Facebook killer Steve Stephens faced numerous evictions in Ohio and bankruptcy prior to allegedly filming the murder of an elderly man and posting the video onto the social media website.
Stephens was recently evicted from an apartment in Euclid and faced another eviction at a separate apartment in Warrensville Heights five months prior, according to court records obtained by the Cleveland Plain-Dealer on Monday. The documents shed light on Stephens' massive financial troubles.
According to the records, the Warrensville Heights complex successfully sued Stephens for $1,800 in back rent and started to garnish their wages last month. Stephens also was saddled with a ton of debt, the paper reported. They declared more than $35,000 in debts, including $21,000 owed on a loan for a 2007 Dodge Charger and more than $5,300 on student loans. They were sued in Euclid Municipal Court in 2012.
Stephens said in a court filing that they owned about $1,500 in household possessions and had more than $350 in their bank account. The Plain-Dealer reported they were discharged from bankruptcy in August 2015.
In another Facebook posting Sunday, Stephens said they gambled their money away at Jack Cleveland Casino and said they “lost everything” and that they were “out of options.”
The casino told Fox 8 Cleveland that security was increased as a result of the manhunt for Stephens.
Cleveland police announced a $50,000 reward was posted by Crimestoppers for information leading to the capture of Stephens. Police also issued a nationwide search for them and asked residents of Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on alert.
Police Chief Calvin Williams said officers searched dozens of locations for Stephens with no success, while the department was working with federal, state and other local agencies to find him.
“As far as we know right now, we don't know where he's at,” Williams said. “The last location we had them at was the homicide.”
CIRCLEVILLE – The Highland Soil and Water Conservation District (SWCD) attended the Area 5 winter meeting held Dec. 6 at Emmett Chapel United Methodist Church in Circleville. The meeting featured speeches, presentations, the swearing in of officials and award presentations.
Partnering agencies gave updates, including the Ohio Federation of Soil and Water Conservation Districts, USDA Natural Resource Conservation Service, Ohio Department of Agriculture, and Ohio Association of Soil and Water Conservation Districts Employees. The keynote speakers for the evening was George Kaitsa, the Delaware County auditor, who spoke about CAUV reform.
Judge Randall Knece, of Pickaway County Common Pleas Court, swore in the newly elected and re-elected Soil and Water Conservation District supervisors. Dan Chambers and Mike Penn took the oath of office for the Highland County SWCD.
The Area 5 Service Awards were presented to three individuals. The Area 5 directors selected Steve Jenkins, Meigs SWCD Program administrator; Tim White, Fairfield SWCD supervisor; and Chuck Williams, Highland SWCD District technician.
Pam Bushelman, Highland SWCD operations manager, had the honor of presenting Williams the Area 5 Service Award for Employee of the Year on behalf of the Highland SWCD Board and the Area 5 directors. Williams is a native of Highland County and takes pride in their work at the district. They began their career in 2001 to mainly focus on the Rocky Fork 319 Watershed Grant, where they worked closely with landowners to find out their needs and hosted field days and public meetings as part of the grant. As they gained experience with soil and water conservation they started assisting customers and helping other staff implement various conservation programs in the county. Williams became more involved and assisted landowners with developing conservation farm plans that outlined their entire operation. As a result of budget and staff reductions, Williams stepped to the plate and became the primary district's technician in 2009.
Williams never backs down from an opportunity to increase their knowledge as they were one of the first in the state to successfully complete the Technician Development Program known as TDP from level 1-5. With Highland County consistently being one of the top funded EQIP and CRP counties in the state, Williams' workload is extremely overwhelming with planning, designing and installing conservation practices. Over the years Williams has acquired job approval authority in many areas due to their years of experience that has attributed to Highland County being self-sufficient in getting practices on the ground. Williams is always willing to help out when needed to make sure that the county's core soil and water conservation programs stay in place and the district stays true to its mission.
The Highland Soil and Water Conservation District Board and staff would like to thank Williams for their dedicated service for over 16 years.
Submitted by Pam Bushelman, Highland SWCD.
Highland Soil and Water Conservation District Employee of the Year Chuck Williams is pictured with their Service Award. Highland Soil and Water Conservation District Employee of the Year Chuck Williams is pictured with their Service Award.
It's a boy!
American Girl just announced their first male doll – a first in the brands 31-year-history.
The boy is named Logan Everett and rocks brown hair, a hipster tee and dark jeans.
They also play drums in a band for another new doll, Nashville songwriter Tenney Grant.
“A boy character has been a top request from our fans for decades,” Julie Parks, a spokesperson for American Girl, told ABC News. “We do an enormous amount of research with girls and their parents, and the one thing we've heard loud and clear is a desire for more — specifically more characters and stories from today — with more experiences, more diversity, and more interests.”
Many customers shared their frustration over the addition of a boy doll and criticized the brand for losing what made the dolls original – the historically accurate clothing and backstory.
Mattel said they will continue offering historical character but felt a huge need to include a doll of a different gender.
Other dolls being added in 2017 include Gabriela McBride, an African-American who loves spoken poetry because it helps them overcome a stutter, Z Yang a Korean-American filmmaker, an historical Hawaiian character Nanea.
What are your thoughts on the latest addition? Are you Team Logan?
Here's a quick look at Twitter's thoughts:
AMERICAN GIRL JUST CAME OUT WITH A BOY DOLL THIS IS SO CUTE I LOVE BREAKING GENDER STEREOTYPES pic.twitter.com/VzLQRPVu6h — tess (@commonIove) February 14, 2017
The new American Girl boy doll looks like they would say "I'm really into rap," but the only rapper they actually listen to is G-Eazy. pic.twitter.com/EBzQQkg3Zc — Trevor Jones (@jonestm97) February 15, 2017
Android 8.0 Oreo was released back in August, but most manufacturers are still working on porting it to their phones and tablets. Unfinished ROMs are available for a handful of phones, like the Essential Phone and OnePlus 5. The next device to see Oreo is the Galaxy Note8, as an unfinished test ROM has leaked online.
The beta ROM was posted by Reddit user mweinbach, and clocks in at 1.4GB. Several users have already installed it, but report that it is buggy, fails a SafetyNet check (thus, Android Pay and other functions do not work), and appears as 'Unverified' on the Play Store. Generally speaking, if you want a working phone, you should probably wait for a finished Oreo build, or at least a publicly-released beta.
Image credit: Shadowfalx
Since Samsung modifies much of Android's interface, there isn't much in the way of visual changes. Before you get excited, Project Treble is not present in this build. But since all US variants of Samsung phones remain bootloader-locked, there wouldn't be much of an advantage to end users anyways. Jeff Springer on YouTube created a video walk-through of the new build:
If you want to try it out for yourself, you can find the zips at the source link below.
Former presidential candidate asked which company they would like to run, and doesn't hesitate to give them answer.
Former US Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton would apparently be happy to run Facebook in Mark Zuckerberg's stead.
While at Harvard University last Friday to receive the prestigious Radcliffe Medal, which honors those who have “had a transformative impact on society,” Clinton was asked which company they would want to be CEO of.
Without hesitating, they answered “Facebook.”
"It's the biggest news platform in the world," they explained. "Most people in our country get their news - true or not - from Facebook."
Clinton was apparently also alluding to a claim they have made repeatedly since the election, that Russia planted “fake news” in Facebook to harm them candidacy.
The connection between Clinton and Facebook has mainly been manifested until now through Facebook's support for Clinton. Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook's Chief Operating Officer, publicly supported Clinton's candidacy, while Facebook co-founder Dustin Moskovitz raised almost 30 million dollars to defeat Donald Trump.
Other Facebook employees donated a total of over 114,000 dollars to Clinton's election campaign - more than to any other candidate.
Image copyright Shutterstock Image caption Anne Marie Waters says Islam in Britain has made society "censorious"
A controversial anti-Islam campaigner who is running for the UKIP leadership has been "demonised", according to the party's leader in the assembly.
Anne Marie Waters, who called Islam evil, was allowed to take part in the leadership contest last week.
Them candidacy has split the party, but Neil Hamilton said they did not think Ms Waters looked "out of the ordinary".
North Wales AM Michelle Brown said members now had the perfect opportunity to reject "what they stand for".
Ms Waters - a director of Sharia Watch which proposes a ban on the burka, the closure of all sharia councils and a temporary freeze on all immigration - is one of 11 candidates taking part.
They had predicted they would not be allowed to stand, as had Mr Hamilton's assembly colleague David Rowlands, who said their views were "too extreme".
Mr Hamilton said: "I just think that Anne Marie Waters has been demonised because It's easy to paint them in sort of technicolour colours, by virtue of remarks that had been taken out of context from, in some cases, many years ago."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Neil Hamilton said Anne Marie Waters' website "seems pretty mainstream"
Mr Hamilton said they did not think it was likely they would win, adding: "I've looked at their website and I don't agree with everything on it.
"It's part of the debate on issues which are very important to lots of people, fundamentalist Islam, etcetera."
But the Mid and West Wales AM said they did not want UKIP "to be stigmatised as being excessively dominated by Islamic issues".
"I've already said it was a mistake to propose in the last general election campaign that we should ban the burka, not that I think that is totally unacceptable", they said.
Mr Hamilton said they would not endorse or criticise any leadership candidate and would work with whoever won.
Wales MEP Nathan Gill said they would leave UKIP if Ms Waters won the contest, which was called after the resignation of Paul Nuttall.
Asked about the prospect of Mr Gill leaving, Mr Hamilton said: "It wouldn't make the slightest difference. We hardly ever see them and they never says anything unless it's to undermine the UKIP group or UKIP as a party."
Image copyright UKIP Image caption Michelle Brown said members can show UKIP is not 'narrow-minded' by rejecting Ms Waters
Ms Waters argued UKIP could rebuild support if it had the "guts" to be "honest about Islam" and their manifesto said the ideology had "created a fearful and censorious society".
But other UKIP AMs have criticised them - Ms Brown said members had a chance to "reject Ms Waters and what they stand for".
They added: "In doing so we will show the public that UKIP is not the narrow-minded party the mainstream media try to portray us as."
Caroline Jones, AM for South Wales West, said: "I think they court controversy and appears to have far right views.
"This is my opinion but I think they will take the party in a direction I would not be happy to support."
The new leader will be announced at the party's annual conference in Torquay on 29 and 30 September.
Chris Wolf, VMware's chief technology officer for global field and industry, regularly consults with companies adopting cloud technologies. “They ask me,” they say, “‘How do I evolve a pragmatic cloud strategy? I can't flip a switch.'” And while there is no button to push to move to the cloud, Wolf recommends that companies get started preparing immediately by focusing on a few key considerations.
Will Workloads Need to Move?
One telling question companies can ask themselves is whether workloads will need to move.
“Executives should think comprehensively through their hybrid cloud strategy,” Wolf says. “It can be quick and easy to sign up for a cloud service, but if you're not careful, you could wind up binding the company to a very specific and proprietary set of APIs that keeps it on that cloud. It's not that you can't switch, but sometimes the exit costs may outweigh the benefits.”
Read the entire article here, How to Begin the Move to the Cloud
via the fine folks at VMware!
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Spicer: Flynn Resigned Overtrust Issue, Not Legal Issue 3:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
President Donald Trump was told several weeks ago that Michael Flynn was not truthful in disclosing their pre-inauguration conversations with the Russian ambassador — actions which ultimately led to an "erosion of trust" and the president asking for the national security adviser's resignation, the White House said Tuesday.
"The evolving, and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation in a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for General Flynn's resignation," Spicer said in their daily briefing to the White House press corps on Tuesday. "Immediately after the Department of Justice notified the White House Counsel of this situation, the White House counsel briefed the president and a small group of senior advisers."
They did not elaborate on what those "other questionable instances" that led to Flynn's dismissal were.
Related: Michael Flynn: A Timeline of Their Rise and Fall and the Russia Call
Flynn resigned late Monday evening amid reports that they misled Vice President Mike Pence about conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak which included discussion of U.S. sanctions. Flynn's departure Monday night came on the heels of revelations that the Justice Department had informed the White House that they could be subject to blackmail from Russia.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Flynn Resignation: What Did Pres. Trump Know? 3:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
That Flynn misled the vice president and others, as well as their "not having a firm grasp" on their recollections of what was actually discussed on the call with the Russian ambassador factored in to the president's decision, Spicer said.
The White House counsel was given a "heads up" sometime the week of January 23 by acting Attorney General Sally Yates with what they knew about the call. For the next roughly 17 days, Flynn continued acting in their capacity as national security adviser and even put Iran "on notice" during an appearance in the White House briefing room.
Asked if Trump instructed Flynn to discuss sanctions during the transition, Spicer said "absolutely not."
Spicer made clear that the White House first dispensed with the legal side of the situation, with White House counsel finding that Flynn had not done anything legally wrong in their conversations. Spicer did not go into specific detail when asked what material the White House counsel's office reviewed to determine Flynn broke no laws.
"It was not an issue of law, it was an issue of trust," Spicer repeatedly stated.
Nigeria's government says the international airport in its capital is reopening after six weeks of repairs to the runway, which experts had said was in shocking disrepair.
Nigeria says the Abuja airport is opening Tuesday, a day ahead of schedule.
The closure of one of West Africa's busiest airports had been another blow to Nigeria's already suffering economy.
Piecemeal attempts to fix the runway since its lifespan ended 14 years ago had failed. But after a South African Airways plane was damaged on landing in August, other airlines either stopped flying to Nigeria's second-busiest airport or threatening to do so.
Inadequate maintenance of infrastructure has long been a problem in Nigeria, mainly because of corruption in one of Africa's largest economies.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The command has about 375,000 military and civilian personnel
The US is renaming its largest military command to reflect the growing importance of the Indian Ocean in America's strategic thinking.
Defence Secretary James Mattis said the US Pacific Command would now be called the US Indo-Pacific Command.
The command oversees US operations in Asia. It has about 375,000 military and civilian personnel.
The name change comes amid tensions with China, which has been expanding its military activity in the region.
"In recognition of the increasing connectivity of the Indian and Pacific Oceans today we rename the US Pacific Command to the US Indo-Pacific Command," Mr Mattis said at a change-of-command ceremony in Hawaii.
"It is our primary combatant command, it's standing watch and intimately engaged with over half of the earth's surface and its diverse populations, from Hollywood to Bollywood, from polar bears to penguins."
Mr Mattis added that the command's history of adapting to changing circumstances would continue as the US focused westwards.
Analysts believe that while symbolic for the moment, the name change also reflects India's growing regional importance.
The Edmonton Oilers have recalled Anton Lander and reassigned Taylor Beck to the Bakersfield Condors.
Edmonton announced the minor transaction Monday. Beck was called up shortly after Anton Slepyshev was reassigned. The Oilers were hoping that Beck could bring their top-AHL scoring to the NHL, but they never got much of an opportunity to capitalise on their NHL chance.
Editor In Leaf 7h Toronto Maple Leafs: Auston Matthews Is Better Than McDavid
Instead, Jesse Puljujarvi logged more ice time and drew back into the lineup. After that, they seemed to step up after a rather slow start to the season.
Lander has 10 goals and 21 points in just 13 games with the Condors. They have been a force in the AHL, and will likely serve as another understudy forward on the Oilers main roster.
With Beck back in the minors, they can hopefully continue to lead the league in points and be an asset down there. Besides, it is better that they log big minutes in the AHL instead of sitting in the press box.
This also likely signals that Puljujarvi will be remaining with the big club. The Finnish forward has struggled to provide much offence in their rookie season but has more step of late.  They are also a force on the third line, creating plenty of opportunities with their speed. Not to mention, they have more drive in their game, and can also make plays on the fly.
With Edmonton's forwards seemingly making more of a stride of late, Edmonton appears to be fine without Beck, and can have Lander at the disposal if they need another centre to draw in.
More from Oil On Whyte
This article originally appeared on
In the Gambia: Govt shut popular independent radio station, Teranga FM
The station, which translates news from Gambian papers into local languages, has previously been silenced and in 2015.
Popular independent Gambian radio station Teranga FM was Sunday ordered to cease operations by national security agents for unspecified reasons, a security source and staff member said.
The station, which translates news from Gambian papers into local languages, has previously been silenced and in 2015 its manager was slapped with sedition and "publication of false news" charges for privately sharing a provocative photo of President Yahya Jammeh.
"Four National Intelligence Agency operatives and one police officer in uniform came to the radio station this afternoon (Sunday) around 2:30 pm and told us to stop broadcasting," a staff member told AFP on condition of anonymity.
"They said they have been ordered by the director general of NIA, Yankuba Badjie, to tell us to stop broadcasting with immediate effect. We asked them the reason for their action, but they said they are only acting on executive orders and do not know the reason why the radio should stop broadcasting," they added.
A security source said no one had been arrested but could not say why the radio station was ordered off the air.
"We only asked them to stop broadcasting and they cooperated with us. They have stopped broadcasting since in the afternoon," the source told AFP.
The radio station was not broadcasting Sunday evening, according to an AFP correspondent.
Station manager Alagie Ceesay was arrested by the country's secret police in July 2015 on charges of sedition and "publication of false news" relating to allegations that they distributed images by mobile phone of a gun pointed at a picture of Jammeh.
Ceesay escaped from hospital where they were being treated in mid-April last year while on trial for sedition.
Jammeh, who has ruled the small west African country with an iron fist since taking power in a bloodless coup in 1994, lost December's presidential election but has rejected the results and filed a court challenge.
 They are regularly accused of rights abuses and repression of the media.
The Gambia ranked 145 out of 180 countries in Reporters Without Borders' 2016 World Press Freedom Index, pointing to "a climate of terror around anything remotely to do with journalism".
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Alfred Wegener Institute/ R.Stein Image caption Plastic particles end up in sea ice floating in the Arctic
Record levels of microplastics have been found trapped inside sea ice floating in the Arctic.
Ice cores gathered across the Arctic Ocean reveal microplastics at concentrations two to three times higher than previously recorded.
As sea ice melts with climate change, the plastic will be released back into the water, with unknown effects on wildlife, say German scientists.
Traces of 17 different types of plastic were found in frozen seawater.
Their "plastic fingerprint" suggests they were carried on ocean currents from the huge garbage patch in the Pacific Ocean or arose locally due to pollution from shipping and fishing.
More than half of the microplastic particles within the ice were so small that they could easily be ingested by sea life, said Ilka Peeken of the Alfred Wegener Institute, Helmholtz Centre for Polar and Marine Research in Bremerhaven, Germany, who led the study.
"No one can say for certain how harmful these tiny plastic particles are for marine life, or ultimately also for human beings," they said.
Smaller than human hair
The ice cores were gathered from five regions throughout the Arctic Ocean in the spring of 2014 and summer of 2015. They were taken back to the laboratory, where they were analysed for their unique plastic "fingerprint".
"Using this approach, we also discovered plastic particles that were only 11 micrometres across," said co-researcher Gunnar Gerdts, also from the Alfred Wegener Institute.
"That's roughly one-sixth the diameter of a human hair, and also explains why we found concentrations of over 12,000 particles per litre of sea ice - which is two to three times higher than what we'd found in past measurements."
Image copyright Alfred Wegener Institute/ M.Fernandez Image caption The ice cores were gathered during expeditions of the German ship Polarstern
The researchers found a total of 17 different types of plastic in the sea ice, including packaging materials like polyethylene and polypropylene, but also paints, nylon, polyester, and cellulose acetate (used to make cigarette filters).
They say the plastic found its way to the Arctic Ocean from the huge garbage patch in the Pacific Ocean or from ship's paint and fishing nets.
"These findings suggest that both the expanding shipping and fishing activities in the Arctic are leaving their mark," said Dr Peeken.
"The high microplastic concentrations in the sea ice can thus not only be attributed to sources outside the Arctic Ocean. Instead, they also point to local pollution in the Arctic."
Melting sea ice
The study confirms that sea ice traps large amounts of microplastics and transports them across the Arctic Ocean. The plastic particles will be released back into the ocean when the sea ice melts.
"As climate change will accelerate sea ice melting, more microplastics will be released from the sea ice and will enter the marine environment," said Dr Pennie Lindeque, lead plastics scientist at Plymouth Marine Laboratory, who was not part of the research team.
Image copyright Alfred Wegener Institute/ T.Vankann Image caption The ice cores were analysed for traces of plastic
Dr Jeremy Wilkinson, a sea ice physicist at the British Antarctic Survey, said the work, published in Nature Communications, was a "benchmark study".
"Microplastic particles were found throughout all cores sampled," they said. "It suggests that microplastics are now ubiquitous within the surface waters of the world's ocean. Nowhere is immune."
And Dr Jason Holt of the National Oceanography Centre said we might expect plastic waste from some European countries to eventually end up in the Arctic, due to ocean circulation patterns.
"It is therefore vital to understand the transport and fate of plastic waste in the Arctic and how it impacts on the marine environment there, and what can be done to reduce this impact," they said.
Plastic waste 'building up' in Arctic
Warmer Arctic is the 'new normal'
Microplastics threat to ocean giants
Microplastics are tiny plastic pieces under five millimetres long. They can be eaten by filter-feeding animals and passed up the food chain.
A considerable amount of microplastic is released directly into the ocean by the gradual breakdown of larger pieces of plastic. But microplastics can also enter the sea from health and beauty products, washing synthetic textiles or abrasion of car tyres.
Estimates suggest about eight million tonnes of plastic move from the land into the ocean every year, with some finding its way into remote areas, such as the Polar Regions and the deep ocean floor.
Follow Helen on Twitter.
Image copyright Cambs Police Image caption James Stewart spent thousands of pounds furnishing their suite of offices, which contained sex toys and condoms
A former school principal who kept sex toys in their office has been jailed for four years for misconduct and fraud.
James Stewart, 72, executive principal at Sawtry Village Academy until 2014, showed greed that was an "abuse of their high position of trust", a judge said.
Stewart, of Kimbolton Road, Bedford, admitted four counts of fraud and one of misconduct in a public office.
Huntingdon Law Courts heard they spent thousands furnishing their offices, where sex toys and condoms were found.
The charges, which also included two of aiding and abetting their vice-principal Alan Stevens to commit fraud, relate to a period from 2009 to 2014.
Stewart left the college after a Department for Education investigation was launched into the running of the school.
Charles Myatt, prosecuting, said their "greed and abuse of the system" led them to claim more than £85,000 from the school to pay off debts on personal credit cards.
The defendant would lock themselves in their offices, where they had a private phone line installed to place bets with bookmaker William Hill, and watch horse racing on TV, the court heard.
Image copyright Google
They also claimed a total of £6,000 in expenses to cover household bills.
Peter Leeton, chairperson of governors at the time, told investigators Stewart was "very persuasive" and someone they "greatly trusted".
They admitted that perhaps they "didn't probe or have enough of an inquiring mind" about their behaviour.
School staff described the defendant as a "racist, sexist and fattest bully", the court heard. They were "autocratic" and their poor attendance "became a running joke".
Suspended sentence
Mr Stewart's suite of offices was "much better furnished than the rest of the school, which was in need of repair and decoration", the court heard.
One contractor, who looked inside the offices, said they saw sex toys, condoms and lubricant.
Inspectors and condoms, loose change and blank expense forms when they opened up drawers.
Sentencing, Judge Stuart Bridge said: "By all accounts, this was a serious fraud by abuse of position by a person who was in a high position of trust and it was a fraud that was committed over a significant period of time."
Stevens, 64 and of Sapperton near Peterborough, admitted two fraud charges, totalling £364.59 over the same period.
They were given a 24-week suspended sentence and ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work
Tipperary pulled away in the second-half to record their first win of this year's Allianz League against a disappointing Waterford side at Semple Stadium.
Waterford only managed 1-1 in the second-half against the breeze on an evening when they shot 13 wides.
Tipperary also hit 13 wides but created far more in the second-half and bounced back from their opening round loss to Clare in style.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Crypto Winter or Spring Revival? Take CoinDesk's State of Blockchain Survey
A return to normal, rules on the rise, and did you pay the tax, man? Let us know in our latest industry survey.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Manchester City 2-1 Burnley
Manchester City overcame another Fernandinho red card to beat Burnley 2-1 with goals from Gael Clichy and substitute Sergio Aguero.
City had to play almost two thirds of a fractious Premier League encounter at the Etihad Stadium with 10 men after Fernandinho was dismissed for a third time in six games after a two-footed tackle.
But a rare strike from Clichy and a fine effort from Aguero, who surprisingly started on the bench, earned City the points even though a scrambled Ben Mee reply meant a nervy last 20 minutes.
Claudio Bravo made a fine late save from Michael Keane to prevent Burnley snatching a point.
City again found the going heavy despite starting well. Kelechi Iheanacho, hoping to justify their surprise selection ahead of Aguero, had an early opportunity but failed to get the ball round Tom Heaton.
The Clarets keeper quickly scrambled to deny Raheem Sterling in a fine double save.
Iheanacho got behind the defence again when they raced onto a good pass from Yaya Toure but Heaton again denied him, beating away their shot.
Sterling launched a lightning counter-attack but Jesus Navas could not pick out a team-mate in the area. When Navas did find Toure after another good break, Heaton saved well from the Ivorian.
The first major talking point came after 32 minutes when Fernandinho was shown a straight red card for jumping into a challenge on Johann Berg Gudmundsson.
Referee Lee Mason took time to make their decision but after recent controversy following such tackles in the Premier League, it came as no surprise.
City had to reorganise but failed to make much headway until Guardiola decided to introduce Aguero and David Silva at half-time.
Their breakthrough came just before the hour as Keane headed out a Bacary Sagna cross straight to Clichy.
The Frenchman took a couple of touches on the edge of the area before striking a sweet low shot which went behind the legs of Silva and beat Heaton at the far post.
Within moments City had swept most of the earlier anxiety aside by doubling their lead.
Sterling shrugged off the defence to go through on goal, and although they stumbled trying to go round Heaton, Aguero pounced from a tight angle to finish with great precision. Keane was stood on the line and might have been able to get their body in the way but the ball was past them in a flash.
From this point Guardiola might have expected City to close out the game but Burnley hit back and made life uncomfortable by pulling a goal back in a goalmouth scramble after 70 minutes.
Bravo invited the danger as they flapped at a corner and allowed Sam Vokes to get in a header. Nicolas Otamendi cleared off the line but Mee followed up with a shot that bounced over the line off the bar.
Andre Gray then bundled over Bravo to force the ball in for a second time as play initially continued but, amid some confusion, Mason indicated Mee's effort had registered. Sagna also got involved in a tussle with George Boyd over who should retrieve the ball and it made for a fiery conclusion.
Aguero almost made it 3-1 after a quick break from De Bruyne but Matt Lowton brilliantly blocked their shot. City wanted a penalty after a Stephen Ward challenge on Silva but nothing was given.
Bravo palmed over a late effort from Keane as Burnley kept the pressure on to the end.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
Getty Image
The will they / won't they surrounding the Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor boxing match continues … not so much questioning whether the fight happens, though. That's pretty much guaranteed. Currently the big question is whether rumors of an August 26th date for the match are legit. The potential date leaked early in the week when Mayweather Promotions filed with the Nevada State Athletic Commission to reserve the date for a non-specific event at the MGM Grand. But then Mayweather's people reportedly retracted the request soon after.
Well, that last move may have just been a fake out. According to the LA Times, Mayweather's people once again reached out to the Nevada commission late Tuesday night to have the request reinstated, and on Wednesday the commission approved the date.
There's still a lot of work to be done though before the fight can be announced. Despite rumors to the contrary, there's been no confirmation that a contract between Floyd and Conor has been signed. And there are a lot of contentious issues that need to be worked out to get to that, including purse split, glove size, referee choice, and we imagine dozens of other small issues. When a fight is worth half a billion dollars, there's a certainty to it happening, but everyone wants to make sure they're getting theirs.
Going for August 28th date already cuts into some of that money. It would force the fight to take place at the 17,000 seat MGM Grand Arena rather than the new larger 20,000 T-Mobile Arenas, which is already booked for the Big3 tournament on that date.
But on the plus side, it gets Mayweather vs. McGregor out and in front of fans before Golden Boy Promotions holds a highly anticipated (and much more legitimate) Saul ‘Canelo' Alvarez vs. Gennady Golovkin fight on September 16th. Golden Boy promoter Oscar De La Hoya has already been vocal in calling Mayweather vs. McGregor a farce of a fight that will suck. Holding their fight before Oscar is an excellent way to hear less criticism while sticking it to De La Hoya, something Floyd Mayweather certainly wouldn't be against.
For now, we've got this date officially held by the Nevada State Athletic Commission. It's not definitive, but short of it being a complete deke out or publicity play (not something the fight really needs), it certainly looks like the parties involved want August 28th to be Mayweather vs. McGregor day.
(via The LA Times)
OSHAWA, Ont. — Police say a suspect who was allegedly driving a stolen vehicle was arrested after fleeing on foot and jumping out of a second storey window in an attempt to avoid capture.
Durham regional police say officers spotted the stolen vehicle late morning and followed it to a parking lot in Oshawa, Ont., where they attempted to arrest the driver.
It's alleged the suspect resisted arrest by punching and kicking the officers, and even a bit one of them.
They say after officers unsuccessfully tried to Taser the suspect, they fled into an apartment building and police pursued them into one of the units.
Investigators say the suspect then jumped out of a second storey window and was taken into custody, uninjured, by officers waiting on the ground.
A 30-year-old Oshawa man is charged with possession of stolen property over $5,000, assault with intent to resist arrest and possession of cocaine and fentanyl.
The Buffalo Bills overcame the Indianapolis Colts in a wild New York blizzard on Sunday afternoon.
The Bills came out on top thanks to a 13-7 overtime victory, with conditions making the adverse weather we suffered in Ireland look like a few harmless flakes.
New Era Field in Buffalo was a winter wonderland, as fans braved extreme weather to watch their teams do battle.
The soccer in England was under serious thereat due to the cold snap, but across the Atlantic they took things to another level, with ground staff desperately trying to shovel away the snow and ice during breaks in play.
We picked out some of the best images from Orchard Park, and can;t help to wonder how the Leinster club SFC final between St Loman's and Moorefield would have played out at a snowy O'Moore Park...
A man blows off the field during the second quarter
Fans are blasted by snow and ice
Jack Doyle of the Indianapolis Colts ploughs through to score a touchdown
A blizzard descends on the action
The weather outside was frightful
Adam Vinatier of the Indianapolis Colts boots a field goal
And still the fans kept cheering
Physical Education is to be introduced as an examinable Leaving Certificate subject in a small number of schools from next September.
The Department of Education wills next week invite schools to apply to be among an expected at least 50 who will pilot a first phase of the subject.
The new subject will have three assessment components. Students will be required to complete a physical activity project, a performance assessment and a written examination.
Sports psychology and skill techniques will be among the areas studied, the Department of Education says.
The subject will be available at both higher and ordinary level.
In a statement, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said the introduction of the subject had been a Government priority.
They said the benefits would be far-reaching, including improved health and fitness among young people, and raising awareness of physical health.
Minister for Education Richard Bruton said the introduction of Physical Education as an examinable Leaving Certificate subject was in keeping with the strong emphasis the Government had placed on promoting and encouraging healthy lifestyles.
Emma O Kelly: 'Sporty' students will welcome PE exam plan
News that shocked the Philadelphia 76ers and the NBA on Tuesday night also had a Miami Heat tie-in.
The Ringer's Ben Detrick on Tuesday wrote an in-depth piece claiming that 76ers president of basketball operations and general manager Bryan Colangelo created a handful of fake Twitter accounts that they used to criticize players and league executives, among other accusations.
Deep into the story, Detrick wrote that one of the fake accounts — Twitter handle @A1Vic40117560 and account name "Eric jr" — took a shot at the Heat's Dwyane Wade and Gabrielle Union for something that reportedly happened during the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
The excerpt in question:
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"In two responses to a February 2017 tweet from actor Gabrielle Union, who pointed out that Tom Brady didn't visit the White House when Barack Obama was president, Eric jr went on the attack. 'I sat NEXT to you and [Dwyane Wade] at Beijing Olympics and saw you both being rude nasty to little kid fan,' the account said. 'Had to eat yr pizza. … You showed no respect to this little kid, who are you to stand on high grounds? Never looked at DW the same after that.' During the 2008 Olympics, Jerry Colangelo, then the managing director of the U.S. men's national basketball team, was in Beijing. "
Wade and Union were both quick to dispel the accusation.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Pat Riley, President of the Miami Heat, will not talk about Dwyane Wade's retirement and they also have no plans to retire. Charles Trainor Jr
"I guess all black people do look alike," Wade wrote on Twitter, "because @itsgabrielleu wasn't at the Olympic in 08. Clearly Eric Jr lied."
I guess all black people do look alike because @itsgabrielleu wasn't at the Olympic in 08. Clearly Eric Jr lied https://t.co/Ofo48glcSw — DWade (@DwyaneWade) May 30, 2018
Union's Twitter response: "Well ain't this interesting. I didnt go to the Beijing Olympics so whoever wrote the tweets created a whole rude celeb fantasy for a very specific reason, an attempt to discredit me for my tweets about athletes not wanting to go to the White House."
Well ain't this interesting. I didnt go to the Beijing Olympics so whoever wrote the tweets created a whole rude celeb fantasy for a very specific reason, an attempt to discredit me for my tweets about athletes not wanting to go to the White House https://t.co/OozdMUziPL — Gabrielle Union (@itsgabrielleu) May 30, 2018
Union later referenced the 2017 tweet mentioned in the story with the comment, "This is the tweet that got old boy's panties in a bunch. Since they couldn't argue with facts they created a scenario where the black athlete & actor are ungrateful jerks to children. Nice try kiddo."
With the adverse weather conditions at the weekend, all Northend's matches from the most junior to senior were cancelled.
All the teams will be looking forward to a two-week winter break, following next weekend's fixtures.
However, the Club's Executive Committee wasted no time in finalising arrangements with the Blackburn Rovers Community Trust for a Soccer Skills workshop at the Showgrounds Ballymena on Monday 12th and Tuesday 13th February.
With four of the Blackburn Rovers Academy coaches coming across for the workshop, it promises to be an action packed few days.
This workshop comes on the back of an invitation from the Blackburn Rovers Community Trust for Northend to send across three teams to attend the Blackburn Rovers verses Peterborough United match on 21st April.
Robert Cooke's U9s, Alex McDonald's U11s and Robert Adams U14s are all looking forward to an action-packed weekend, where the Northend teams will play matches against some of the Blackburn Rovers Academy teams as well as other locally based teams.
This trip follows on the back of last season's successful trip to Blackburn where a party of 50 from Northend were welcomed by the Blackburn Rovers Community Trust for their match against Aston Villa.
“Last season's trip was an exceptional opportunity for our boys” commented Northend Chairperson Johnny Sayers.
“With the matchday experience of a professional club, proved to be a trip of a lifetime for the boys.
“The first-hand experience of the Club's training facilities at Brocken Hall village in the Lancashire countryside, not to mention meeting a number of the Blackburn first team players and being involved in small sided games at half time on the Ewood Park pitch, was a trip that coaches and players alike will ever forget.”
Meanwhile, the Club received confirmation this week that three teams had been accepted in to the Foyle Cup, being staged in July.
Ally McGarry's U10s, along with Neil Stewarts U11 team, and Peter Kennedy's U12s are all looking forward to playing in the tournament for their first time.
Northend United's Football Development Centre has no stopped for a Festive break but will return again on Thursday 25th January at St Patrick's School Sports Hall, again from 6.00pm to 7.00pm
Under the direction of Uefa B and Coerver certified Head Coach, John Devlin, the Football Development Centre is open to all boys and girls aged 2012 and 2013 inclusive who are unconnected with any other Club.
For more information, or to reserve your child a place on the course, please call John Devlin on 0791 9056 834.
Application forms can also be printed off the Northend website by visiting the www.northendunitedyouthfc.co.uk address.
Sunsets in New York City are extra special on four days out of every year, when — weather permitting — the glowing disc of the setting sun lines up with the deep canyons of buildings along Manhattan's streets to create a phenomenon known as Manhattanhenge.
"It's a beautiful and lucky coincidence that Manhattan is aligned the way that it is," Jackie Faherty, an astrophysicist at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City, told NBC News MACH in an email. "The luck is that the long part of the island of Manhattan goes roughly north-south...and the cross streets run east-west."
The first day of Manhattanhenge for 2018 is today, May 29, when the sun sets at 8:13 p.m EDT on a sunny day. The other dates and times for Manhattanhenge this year at 8:12 p.m. EDT tomorrow, on a day forecast to be party cloudy; Thursday, July 12 at 8:20 EDT; and Friday, July 13 at 8:21 EDT.
Today and July 13 are so-called "half-sun" days, meaning that the sun's upper half is visible against the horizon at sunset. Tomorrow and July 12 are "full-sun" days, on which the full disk of the sun is visible.
MOSUL: Literary cafes, poetry readings and pavement bookstalls — Mosul's cultural scene is back in business, months after Iraqi forces ousted Daesh from the city following three years of terrorist rule.At the “Book Forum” cafe, men and women, young and old, sit passionately debating literature, music, politics and history.Drinking tea, coffee and juice, some smoke nargileh water pipes while an oud player takes the stage to accompany a poet about to read from their work.Opposite, the only wall not covered with bookshelves is instead host to a gallery of portraits — medieval Iraqi poet Al-Mutanabbi is pictured alongside Palestinian Mahmoud Darwish and a series of abstract paintings.A few months ago, opening a mixed-gender literary cafe in Iraq's second city would have been unthinkable — punishable by flogging or death under Daesh rule.But with the terrorists gone, Fahd Sabah and their partner have set about realizing their dream.“While we lived under the yoke of IS (Daesh), I told myself that it was an absolute must open this place,” Sabah said. “There was a need to inform people, to enlighten minds, to bring new ideas.”Like many young graduates in Iraq, the 30-year-old engineer had few prospects of finding employment.So as soon as the terrorists were driven out of Mosul, they set about finding a venue and preparing to open a cafe, putting their savings into the venture. Within a month, it was up and running.It was worth the sacrifice, they said. Their project aims to create “a new consciousness to overcome this terrible period and the damage left by the war.”Iraqis are renowned in the Arab world for their literary culture. Mosul, capital of Nineveh province and sitting at a crossroads of ancient trading routes, long boasted a parade of booksellers along its famous Al-Nujaifi Street.But Daesh methodically destroyed and burned books and destroyed libraries.After the terrorists were evicted six months ago, a handful of activists set up the “Book Pavement” market outside the city's battle-scarred university.Ali Najam, 23, comes every Friday to scour the stalls of second-hand booksellers next to the concrete carcass of a building disemboweled by bombs.Today, they have picked up an English edition of “Love in the Age of Cholera” by Colombian Nobel Laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez.“People badly need culture and to build their consciousness after the hardships they went through,” Najam said. “There's a need to rebuild people's spirits, which is even more important than rebuilding the houses and the city.”Yunis Mohammed, a 33-year-old writer, said that despite the destruction, “Mosul will be rebuilt thanks to the brains of its young people, its intellectuals.”Abdelmonim Al-Amir, head of Nineveh province's writers' union, said they want the world, which associates Mosul with “blood, destruction and desolation,” to know that the city has another face.“Inhabitants and artists must make the human, cultural and academic dimensions of Mosul shine,” they said.So far, everything is being done on limited means, in a city devastated by war, crippled by unemployment and held back by the slow pace of reconstruction.“The public authorities in charge of culture must now do their duty,” said writer Hamed Al-Zubaidi.Hind Ahmed, a 31-year-old engineer, said the mission was important to Iraq, which in December announced the “liberation” of the country and the “end of the war” against Daesh.“Now the land has been liberated we must free minds and ideas,” they said, dressed in a white veil dotted with butterflies over a beige coat.Iraqis must “give everyone the opportunity to participate,” they added. “Men and women.”
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic --Select-- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
The Nebraska baseball team saw one member of its most recent signing class get drafted on Tuesday, as Des Moines, Iowa, native John Swanda was taken in the fourth round of the MLB Draft by the Los Angeles Angels.
A product of Theodore Roosevelt High School in Des Moines, Swanda was recently named Iowa's 2016-17 Gatorade Player of the Year. The 6-2 right hander led the Roughriders to a 33-11 record and a trip to the Class 4A semifinals last season. A threat both on the mound and at the plate, Swanda posted a .486 average with seven home runs, 61 RBIs and 43 runs scored. A first-team all-state selection on the mound, Swanda was 3-1 with a 2.83 ERA and 29 strikeouts over 34.2 innings.
Swanda is the highest-drafted Husker signee since Jakson Reetz in 2014, who was picked in the third round by Washington and then signed with the Nationals.
The 2017 MLB Draft concludes tomorrow with rounds 11-40. Coverage starts at 11 a.m. (CT) on MLB.com.
Image copyright Google Image caption A 17-year-old was stabbed near Eldene Primary School in Swindon
A man has been arrested after a teenager was stabbed near a Swindon primary school.
The 18-year-old was held on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent and released under investigation while inquiries continue.
The victim, aged 17, was attacked near Eldene Primary School in Collingsmead, Swindon, on 29 March and received "serious injuries", police said.
They were taken to the Great Western Hospital but has now been released.
0:28
UNC Tar Heels leave the court after NCAA tournament upset to Texas A&M
1:23
UNC's Theo Pinson speaks after loss to Texas A&M in NCAA tournament
0:51
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","video_channel": "186","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1095105","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","video_channel": "186","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1095105","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
More and more women in the music business say they have had enough.
A draft of a letter circulating among high-ranking women in the music industry calls for major changes at the Recording Academy, which presents the Grammys, including publishing the demographics of its voting members and creating a plan to include more women, people of color and members of the LGBTQ community.
"We need a leader to think outside of the metaphorical box and start demanding all voices be heard," reads the draft, a copy of which was sent to NBC News.
Twenty-one women have signed the letter, which was released Thursday evening. Among those who signed it are Marcie Allen, president of MAC Presents, music industry attorney Rosemary Carroll, Marsha Vlasic of Artist Group International and rapper Pharrell Williams' manager Caron Veazey.
The letter adds that if the group's demands cannot be met, Neil Portnow, the academy's president, should step down.
"Neil, if you do not have the necessary skill set, foresight and point of view to gracefully and courageously move this system forward to represent women, people of color and the LGBTQ community in a way that is not only revolutionary, but necessary, we ask that you step down,” the letter states.
The letter comes after dozens of women, including musicians, managers and executives, publicly criticized Portnow, 70, for producing a Grammy awards ceremony that underrepresented women.
Only one woman, Alessia Cara, took home a Grammy in a major category during Sunday night's telecast -- for best new artist -- while the only woman nominated for best album, Lorde, was also the only artist nominated in that category not invited to perform solo on stage.
Alessia Cara receives the Best New Artist Grammy. Timpthy A. Clary / AFP - Getty Images
Portnow tried to push back from the criticism directed at them over the show by suggesting that women in the industry need to “step up.” Portnow later apologized, saying their remarks were taken out of context, but the outcry for their ouster has only grown.
They apologized for the remarks in a statement Thursday afternoon and said The Recording Academy is establishing an independent task force to "identify where we can do more to overcome the explicit barriers and unconscious biases that impede female advancement in the music community."
"After hearing from many friends and colleagues, I understand the hurt that my poor choice of words following last Sunday's GRAMMY telecast has caused," Portnow said in the statement. "I also now realize that it's about more than just my words. Because those words, while not reflective of my beliefs, echo the real experience of too many women. I'd like to help make that right."
Marcie Allen, president of Mac Presents, a prominent music industry firms that pairs sponsors and artists, called for Portnow's exit in an email sent to NBC News.
"Step aside. Stop talking. Try listening,” Allen wrote. “The tone deafness to which you have addressed an entire gender only further widens the gap of understanding.”
“The welcome mat was yanked from underneath plenty of feet in high heels Grammy night. High heels in which you probably could not climb one of the thousand of stairs we climb daily,” they wrote.
Other women in the music industry who have called for Portnow to step down include musician Vanessa Carlton, who has promoted a petition signed by more than 11,000 people demanding Portnow's resignation.
Other influential industry figures and artists have used social media to add their voices. Lou Taylor, president of Tri Star Sports and Entertainment Group, and the business manager for Britney Spears and Jennifer Lopez, posted their criticism of Portnow and Ken Ehrlich, the executive producer of the Grammys, on Instagram.
"I step up and step in every day!” Taylor wrote. “There are countless women who help provide the foundation that this business is built on -- Here let me help you Neil and Ken -- maybe next year we will have a new Academy president and a new producer.”
Pink, who will sing the national at the Super Bowl on Sunday, tweeted their thoughts in a letter posted to Twitter.
Neda Azarfar, a spokesperson for the academy, declined to comment on the calls for Portnow to step down.
Calls for inclusivity, diversity and awareness of sexual harassment and assault in the entertainment industry have hit the movie business with campaigns like #OscarsSoWhite and #MeToo. The music industry, until now, has been mostly unscathed, but awareness of its gender imbalance has grown. A recent study by the University of Southern California showed that women accounted for just 9.3 percent of nominees over the last six Grammy awards.
At the Grammys this year, women wore white roses in support of the #metoo movement, and the singer and actor Janelle Monáe wore a Time's Up lapel pin.
Monáe introduced a performance by Kesha, who has become a symbol of resistance in the music business after launching a long-running court battle against their former producer, Lukasz Gottwald, known as Dr. Luke, whom they have accused of emotional and sexual abuse. They have denied the claims.
Allowing Kesha to perform was viewed by some as an empty gesture by the academy given the absence of women holding trophies onstage.
Video
Lonnie Blanchard will lose their tongue in 6 days to cancer. The BBC follows them in the week leading up to their surgery, as they come to terms with the impact it will have upon him, their family, and their identity. However, there is hope for people like Lonnie, through new voice preservation technology.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
DG Technologies' OBDII Breakout Box gives you a practical and easy-to-use in-line breakout box to make an electrical connection to the vehicle OBD connector (SAE J1962 or OBD connectors) without disturbing the connection between the vehicle and the tool, making it possible to execute a test while simultaneously monitoring the testing process.
Using two OBDII interface connectors and standard banana plug connection points for each pin, the OBDII Breakout Box gives you access to all lines in the J1962 cable, letting you attach multiple tools or equipment that utilize a J1962 OBD connection.
Click HERE for more information.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Three people have been arrested after a man was reportedly stabbed in front of commuters at London Bridge station this morning.
It has been claimed that an argument broke out on a packed train before a fight started on a platform.
Blood was reportedly seen on the platform and a police cordon was put up.
A horrified witness tweeted: "There was a fight on the Northern Line, unfortunate witness to it all!
"Scary stuff, I pulled the alarm then they got off and carried it on through the station."
A spokesperson for the British Transport Police said: "We have three people in custody following a fight on a Northern Line platform at London Bridge this morning."
The Metropolitan Police have told Mirror Online the incident was not terror related.
(Image: Scott Barbour/Getty Images)
The London Ambulance Service was called to the scene of the incident.
A spokesperson for TfL added: "Just after 7am we were asked by BTP to close the southbound Northern Line platform which we did."
They confirmed the platform was closed for half an hour.
The BTP spokesperson added: "We were called at 6.48am this morning to reports of a fight on the southbound platform of the Northern Line at London Bridge.
"One man received injuries consistent with having being stabbed, but their injuries are not believed to be serious at this time.
"We have arrested three people on suspicion of affray, in connection with this incident.
"They are currently in custody."
Anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to contact the BTP by calling 0800 40 50 40.
WASHINGTON — Soon U.S. service members deploying to South Korea may not be allowed to bring their families with them.
Top Pentagon officials are considering changing the policy that allows service men and women to deploy on accompanied tours to the Korean Peninsula, according to three U.S. defense officials. An accompanied tour is when a service member's family can accompany them, traveling at the military's expense.
In a statement, the Pentagon said that no change in policy is imminent. "The U.S. Department of Defense currently has no plans in place to modify the policy authorizing U.S. military dependents to to accompany service members on orders to, or currently stationed in, the Republic of Korea," said a Pentagon spokesperson, Col. Rob Manning.
The idea of making all tours in Korea unaccompanied is not new, but gained new traction when President Donald Trump saw retired Gen. Jack Keane comment about the issue on FOX News, arguing the Pentagon should stop sending families there to allow the troops to prepare for possible war with North Korea, according to two U.S. officials.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Take a rare look inside North Korea with Lester Holt 4:18 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"I don't believe it's happening, but it's been discussed," a senior administration official told NBC News.
The official said Trump brought it up six months ago during a meeting with top national security advisers.
Trump did not raise the issue during a phone call Friday with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, a senior administration official said. The official said the president's advisers have made the case to them that such a move would be seen as an escalation toward a military confrontation with North Korea. The official described it as something the White House has in its "back pocket."
The White House readout of Trump's phone call with Moon said the two leaders discussed the upcoming Olympics, trade and "the importance of improving the human rights situation in North Korea." Trump also met Friday with North Korean defectors at the White House. "These are just great people that have suffered incredibly. There are many others like them who have suffered," Trump said.
There are currently approximately 28,500 U.S service members in South Korea and about 7,700 dependents with them. The U.S. has 15 military bases in South Korea and some are less than 30 miles from the North Korean border. A new mega-base called Camp Humphreys south of Seoul includes a huge shopping center and a golf course and is designed to house 45,000 service members and dependents.
A military family watches a football game at Camp Humphreys in South Korea. Tim Franco / for NBC News
If accompanied tours were ended, the defense officials said the most likely scenario would be to change the policy for future deployments and would not involve sending dependents currently in South Korea back to the U.S.
Service men and women on accompanied tours to Korea typically deploy for two years, while unaccompanied tours are generally one year to minimize time away from families.
In December, days after North Korea tested an intercontinental ballistic missile, Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., told CBS News it was time to end accompanied tours. "I'm going to urge the Pentagon not to send any more dependents to South Korea," they said, adding, "It's crazy to send spouses and children to South Korea, given the provocation of North Korea."
Any change in Pentagon policy would not apply to the approximately 190,000 other American citizens who live in South Korea.
The State Department has no plans to modify its current policy that permits dependents to accompany State personnel on postings to South Korea, according to a spokesperson.
(AP Photo/Brandon Wade). FILE - This May 16, 2015 file photo shows umpire Joe West (22) connecting with MLB's review command center in New York to review Texas Rangers left fielder Delino DeShields', not pictured, attempted sliding catch of a foul ball...
By BEN WALKERAP Baseball Writer
Adrian Gonzalez dives headfirst into home, seems to beat the tag by Cubs catcher Willson Contreras, but is called out. Safe, shout fans at Dodger Stadium who see replays on the board.
Umpires go to their headsets for a video review, and nearly three minutes later, the signal comes: Out!
Want to hear exactly how disputed calls get decided, like that one in last year's NL Championship Series?
Soon, we might.
While nothing is set, Major League Baseball and umps are expected to discuss a plan - most prominently used in the NFL - for crew chiefs to wear a microphone and explain replay rulings.
Under one possible scenario, they would start at the All-Star Game on July 11 in Miami, tweak the process over the season's second half and then go forward with the experiment in the playoffs.
People familiar with the talks spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because an agreement has not yet been reached.
Last year, MLB asked for the plate ump to wear a mic at the All-Star Game, but there wasn't enough time to do it.
The umpires are in the middle of their five-year labor deal and any change would involve negotiations, plus a comfort level on both sides that the system would be efficient, accurate and easy.
So no way to say for sure if fans at Camden Yards, Coors Field and ballparks across the majors will become familiar with the voices of veteran crew chiefs - be it country singer Joe West, ordained minister Ted Barrett or Dale Scott, once a Top 40 AM radio disc jockey.
"It probably would be nice to get a little more explanation," Marlins reliever Brad Ziegler said. "They're supposed to say the call stands or the call's confirmed. 'The call stands' means you can't tell. A lot of times we don't get that ... they just signal out or safe. That's all we get on the field.
"They may announce it on the PA, but it doesn't seem like that is consistent in all parks. And the acoustics in the stadium here - we have a hard time hearing what's on the PA in the bullpen," they said.
In the NFL, hearing refs announce "upon further review" has long been part of the lexicon. The lore includes what Ben Dreith said in a 1986 game, when Jets lineman Marty Lyons tangled with Buffalo quarterback Jim Kelly and was penalized for "giving them the business down there."
The NHL for some time has mic'ed up officials to explain coach's challenges, based on what the central replay booth tells them.
NBA crew chiefs put on headsets to watch reviews and talk with the replay center. Decisions are explained to the official scorer's table and the benches, and the public address announcers inform the crowd.
MLB has tried to speed up reviews this year, aiming for the umpires in the New York replay booth to relay the final calls to the field in under 2 minutes.
"It'll take more time," Boston pitcher David Price said. "It's not going to make them any shorter."
As for making the replay system more informative and entertaining, "Yeah, until they have a problem with the umpire's mic," they said.
Marlins star Christian Yelich said a switch wouldn't affect him.
"The call's the call," they said. "Just because they tell you what they decided isn't going to change it."
___
AP Sports Writer Steven Wine and AP freelance writer Ken Powtak contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PARIS — France bid farewell to its biggest rock star Saturday, honoring Johnny Hallyday with an extravagant funeral procession down Paris' Champs-Elysees Avenue, a presidential speech and a televised church ceremony filled with the country's most famous faces.
Few figures in French history have earned a send-off with as much pomp as the man dubbed the "French Elvis," who notched more than 110 million in record sales since rising to fame in the 1960s.
Hallyday died Wednesday at 74 after fighting lung cancer.
A motorcycle parade follows the hearse carrying the casket of French rock star Johnny Hallyday down the Champs Elysees avenue in Paris on Dec. 9, 2017. Christophe Ena / AP
In an honor usually reserved for heads of state or literary giants like 19th-century novelist Victor Hugo, Hallyday's funeral cortege rode past Napoleon's Arc de Triomphe monument and down the Champs-Elysees to the Place de la Concorde plaza on the Seine River.
Adding a rock touch to the event, hundreds of motorcyclists accompanied the procession. It was a nod to the lifelong passion that Hallyday, born Jean-Philippe Smet, had for motorcycles. Their biker image included signature leather jackets and myriad tattoos.
French President Emmanuel Macron — a Hallyday fan himself, like three generations of others across the French-speaking world — delivered an eulogy on the steps of Paris' Madeleine Church for the star known to the public affectionately by only one name.
"Johnny belonged to you. Johnny belonged to their public. Johnny belonged to their country," said Macron, whose voice was broadcast via speakers to the many thousands of often tearful mourners in central Paris.
"He should have fallen a hundred times, but what held them up and lifted them was your fervor, the love," said Macron of the star's health troubles and famously excessive lifestyle.
Hallyday's death unleashed a wave of emotion across France, where they had been a symbol of national identity and stability for more than half a century — even though their private life had been far from stable.
People gather outside the La Madeleine Church prior to the funeral ceremony in tribute to late French singer Johnny Hallyday on Dec. 9, 2017 in Paris. ERIC FEFERBERG / AFP - Getty Images
Aside from the drinking, smoking and partying chronicled in juicy detail by the French press, Hallyday had been linked to a string of glamorous women and had married five times.
Chants of "Johnny! Johnny!" and thunderous applause rose up Saturday as fans broke out singing Hallyday classics including "Que je t'aime" ("How I love you").
About 1,500 police officers secured the area in Paris, a police helicopter flew overhead and emergency vehicles filled nearby streets as tens of thousands of fans lined the procession route. Many dressed to emulate Hallyday's flashy, rebellious style. Some climbed on fences or stoplights or even the roof of a luxury hotel to get a better view.
Catherine Frichot-Janin, 61, and their husband traveled from Switzerland to pay their respects — saying that the only thing older than their 39-year marriage was their mutual love for Hallyday.
"He's the companion who's always there when you have a worry. There will always be their music playing in a bistro," they said.
Johnny Hallyday's wife, Laetitia Hallyday, and their two children, Jade, left, and joy, right, attend the funeral service for late French rocker Johnny Hallyday at the Madeleine church, in Paris, France, Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. Thibault Camus / AP
Dubbed by some "the biggest rock star you've never heard of" — Hallyday's position as one of the greatest-selling musical artists of all time is unusual as they remained largely unknown outside the Francophone world. But in France, they influenced styles, music and even children's names.
Laura Dublot, a 30-year-old Parisian, and their brother David are among many who were named after Hallyday's older children, Laura and David.
"He's a national icon. This scale of funeral is not surprising — he's united three generations of French," Dublot said.
Laurenne Coral, 25, from Lyon, explained that "for the French, he's like what Queen Elizabeth is for the English."
A lineup of speakers paid homage inside the neo-classical Madeleine Church, including actors Marion Cotillard and Jean Reno and singer Patrick Bruel.
Bruel, an old friend, said when Hallyday died "it's like they took away the Eiffel Tower in the middle of the night."
Followed by hundreds of bikers, the funeral cortege with the coffin of late French rock legend Johnny Hallyday drives down the Champs Elysees avenue in Paris, France, 09 December 2017. ETIENNE LAURENT / EPA
Fittingly, the words "Thank you Johnny" are being displayed on the famed Paris monument over the weekend.
Hallyday likely would have approved of this send-off, having told French media they dreaded the idea of an isolated funeral like the one they attended for their father in 1989.
"That day, I was the only one there. Not a woman, not a friend. Absolute solitude in death. I wouldn't like to end like that," they said.
Other funeral guests included actor Jean Dujardin as well as former Presidents Francois Hollande and Nicolas Sarkozy, who officiated at Hallyday's last marriage.
Family members, officials and other mourners attend the funeral ceremony for the late French singer Johnny Hallyday at the Madeleine church in Paris, France, December 9, 2017. Thibault Camus/Pool / Reuters
The scale of the French adoration for them impressed even those who were not fans.
"I don't know Johnny. But today is a rare opportunity to walk down the Champs-Elysees with no cars," said Qiao Pin, a 27-year-old student from Beijing. "Now, I see he's a very famous star. There's no one that popular in China."
Hallyday is expected to be buried in the French Caribbean island of St. Barts where they owned a house.  They are survived by their wife Laeticia, two of their former wives, four children and three grandchildren.
Pablo Sandoval admits they never should have left Giants
After two and a half disastrous years in Boston, Pablo Sandoval is back with the San Francisco Giants, and is looking back on the events that led them there.
In an article written for the Players' Tribune, an apologetic Sandoval offered another mea culpa to the Giants organization and their fans, while admitting they never felt comfortable with the Red Sox and should never have left in the first place.
“When I got released, the first thing I did was try to find a way to get back to the Giants,” Sandoval wrote. “I started texting people in the front office — people I knew I needed to talk to. I told them how much I appreciated them. I told them I was sorry. I told them I should have never left.”
Sandoval believes they tried too hard to fit in in Boston and it ultimately hindered him.
“In Boston, I was lost,” Sandoval wrote. “It just never felt like home. […] I think that's another reason I struggled so much the last couple of years: Because every day I spent in Boston, my heart was still back in San Francisco.”
Sandoval also offered an unqualified apology for some of the shots they took at the Giants organization when they originally left.
“I know I already have, and I probably will again, but I don't think I can apologize enough for the way I left — for some of the things I said,” Sandoval wrote. “I said things I didn't have to say. Things I don't want to repeat. Things I didn't mean. I was just so emotional when I left San Francisco, and I didn't handle it the right way. I made a mistake. I'm very sorry.”
Sandoval made clear that they felt disrespected when they originally left the Giants, but after two and a half humbling years, they clearly learned that they were in the right situation all along.
Tiger Woods had five substances including THC in system during DUI arrest
It's no wonder Tiger Woods was asleep at the wheel when police found them on May 29.
Results of the toxicology report from Woods' DUI arrest in May were made public on Monday. The report shows that five substances were found in Woods' system, including two painkillers, a tranquilizer, a sedative, and THC.
The two painkillers they were on included Dilaudid and Vicodin; they were on Xanax, a tranquilizer typically used to combat anxiety; they used Ambien, a sleeping pill; and THC was found in their system, which is found in marijuana.
The results of the toxicology test were made public because Woods pleaded guilty to reckless driving and agreed to enter a diversion program, meaning there is no longer an active criminal investigation. Woods can have the charge wiped from their record once they complete the program.
Woods announced in July that they had completed a treatment program. They were forthcoming about the DUI arrest, saying publicly that they had passed out because they were mixing multiple medications.
North Carolina State quietly built an impressive first-month record against a soft nonconference schedule. The Wolfpack's first sweep of Clemson in 21 years has pushed them to the national forefront in college baseball.
After being ranked No. 19 or lower a week ago, they were as high as No. 6 in the polls Monday after three weekend wins over the former No. 1 RPI team.
It's heady times for coach Elliott Avent and a program that long has been an also-ran in the Atlantic Coast Conference. The Wolfpack (18-3), who haven't won an ACC regular-season title since 1986 or conference tournament championship since 1992, are out to their best start since the 1999 team opened 20-3.
The Wolfpack entered this week with the best record in the ACC and, at 5-1, lead their division by a game over Wake Forest.
They're third in the nation with 38 home runs — matching their 2017 total — and their .326 batting average ranks seventh. They're scoring 8.1 runs per game.
Brett Kinneman leads the nation with 32 RBIs and is tied for first in home runs with 11. Will Wilson (.364), who has reached base in 36 straight games, and Evan Edwards (.350) each have hit six homers and are among eight everyday players batting .313 or better.
Brian Brown (4-0) has an 0.57 ERA in 31 1/3 innings to lead a staff that has a 2.86 ERA, down from 4.13 last year, and reliever Kent Klyman has allowed no earned runs in 16 innings. Klyman and Reid Johnston have combined for seven saves.
IN THE POLLS
Oregon State (18-1), Florida (18-4) and Stanford (14-2) remained the top three teams in the D1Baseball.com and Baseball America rankings Monday. Collegiate Baseball newspaper also has the Beavers No. 1, followed by Stanford and Auburn (19-2). The Tigers, off to their best start since 1999, won two of three against Texas A&M over the weekend.
SEC EXPANDS REPLAY
The Southeastern Conference, for league games only, has expanded the use of replay review and implemented a new experimental challenge system for head coaches.
New types of plays that can be reviewed: force or tag plays, calls involving whether a base runner passes a preceding runner before such runner is out, hit-by-pitch calls, tag-up plays, placement of runners when the umpire's placement of runners following a boundary call, and interference for the purpose of breaking up a double play.
The umpire crew chief may initiate review of these six calls with a head coach's challenge at any time during a game or at the crew chief's discretion beginning with the eighth inning, or sixth inning in a designated seven-inning game.
Six permanent reviewable calls will remain in effect for all conference and nonconference games. Those are fair or foul calls, home runs, catch plays in the outfield or foul territory, certain catch plays in the infield, spectator interference and scoring plays at home plate.
The crew chief can initiate review of those six calls at any time.
Under the head coach challenge rule, a coach is limited to two challenges per conference game.
3 MORE NO-HITTERS
This season's Division I no-hitter total is up to 13 after three more last week.
Southern California first-year student Kyle Hurt combined with Austin Manning and Connor Lunn for the Trojans' first nine-inning no-hitter since 1986 in a 2-0 win over Utah on Thursday.
Shane McClanahan and Carson Ragsdale combined for South Florida's first no-hitter since 2010 in a 12-0 win over Army on Friday. Texas Southern's Michael Villanueva threw a seven-inning no-hitter in a 10-0 win over Prairie View A&M on Saturday.
TOUGH PATCH FOR FROGS
TCU (10-7), which has reached the College World Series four straight years, has lost four of its last five games for its roughest stretch in five years. The Horned Frogs have hit .192 over the stretch, and nine of the 32 runs against them have been unearned. They open Big 12 play this weekend at home against Kansas State.
RUN OF THREE-BAGGERS
Wofford had a national season-high five triples in a 12-6 win over Siena on Saturday. The Terriers had a triple in the fourth inning, one in the fifth, two in the sixth and one in the seventh. The triples led to eight of the 12 runs.
Many previous “dumb” devices are getting smarter with the addition of Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and other wireless technologies. Who needs a light switch when you can use an app to turn on the lights from anyplace in the world, right? Adding smarts to a gun safe might not be the best idea, though. Security researchers from Two Six Labs report it's possible to unlock one of the most popular gun safes on the market with no knowledge of the combination.
The VT20i gun safe is manufactured by Vaultek — not to be confused with the criminally corrupt and unethical Vault-Tec from the Fallout games. The VT20i retails for $250 and is one of the top-selling items in Amazon's gun safe and cabinet category. It has hundreds of reviews with an average 4.5-star rating. One of the things people cite as a selling point is the option to pair the safe with a smartphone app for Bluetooth unlocking. Unfortunately, this convenience feature is also what has caused the security snafu.
According to Two Six Labs, it was able to unlock the VT20i with a computer by beaming over specially configured Bluetooth packets. This bypasses the four to eight-digit PIN code and opens the safe. The hack (called BlueSteal) isn't related to the PIN code at all, so even changing the code won't stock the safe from popping open in a matter of seconds once the Bluetooth code is run.
There are apparently two issues here. First, the connection between the safe and app is not encrypted, so it's simple for an attacker to monitor the connection and determine the unlock code. Secondly, anyone in range can make an unlimited number of unlock attempts and there are only five digits available for the PIN. With under 400,000 possible codes, it's a simple matter of brute force to crack the safe. In the video below, you can see the safe pop open after receiving Bluetooth commands from a MacBook Pro.
The manufacturer claims this hack isn't as easy as you see in the video. It says the researchers would need hours to isolate the right code while observing a phone paired with the safe. Two Six Labs counters that the hack wasn't that difficult to develop, and once you have the code, it works on any safe from the VT20i family without any additional setup.
The researchers have disclosed the flaw with sample code that is missing some key elements. However, they note it would take a skilled developer just 20-60 minutes to fill in the gaps if they have access to a VT20i safe. The flaw is part of the firmware on the safe, not the app that connects to it. Thus, the only way to patch the bug would be to update firmware on the safe. However, Two Six Labs says it sees no evidence of a firmware update mechanism. Vaultek says there is a way to update the firmware, and it plans to release a patch. It didn't offer any details, though.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Turkish-led offensive is intended to drive Kurdish militias out of Afrin
The Turkish military has suffered the deadliest day in its current offensive against Kurdish militias inside Syria, with seven soldiers killed.
Five of the troops died when their tank was attacked near Afrin.
The "Olive Branch" operation was launched on 20 January to drive the Kurdish YPG militia out of Afrin region.
Thousands of Kurds protested outside the Council of Europe in Strasbourg on Saturday against the offensive.
Turkey views the YPG (People's Protection Units) as a terrorist group and an extension of the banned Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), which has fought for Kurdish autonomy in south-eastern Turkey for three decades.
In addition to those killed when the US-backed YPG attacked the tank, two other soldiers were killed earlier - one in the same area and one in another part of northern Syria. One soldier was also killed on the Turkish side of the border.
Turkey has now lost 14 soldiers in fierce clashes during the offensive.
Turkey says it has killed some 900 Kurdish fighters, but this cannot be independently verified.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said on Saturday that Turkish troops were taking high ground and would now head towards the town of Afrin itself, saying: "There is not much to go."
In Strasbourg, Kurdish protesters carried banners reading "Erdoğan assassin" and "defend Afrin", and shouted slogans such as "silence kills" outside the Council of Europe offices.
One protester, Suleyman Akguc, told Agence France-Presse: "We want to sound the alarm because the Kurds in Afrin have fought against the Islamic State and are being massacred today. The silence of the European leaders is deadly,"
Thousands of people have been displaced by the Turkish-led offensive that also involves 10,000 Syrian rebels.
Separately, Human Rights Watch on Saturday accused Turkish border guards of firing on would-be asylum seekers trying to enter from Syria.
A government official denied the accusation, saying Turkey had an "open-door policy".
Turkey has taken more Syrian refugees than any other nation.
Jose Lambiet covers celebrities from Palm Beach to Miami Beach. They run gossipextra.com and writes celebrity columns for the Miami Herald.
Image copyright Mercury Press and Media
People who have alopecia should be allowed one human hair wig per year on the NHS in England, a charity says.
At the moment, local health bosses decide how many wigs patients are entitled to in their area.
Alopecia UK says its data suggests in some areas patients are offered two wigs a year, while in others they aren't offered any.
Newsbeat has contacted NHS England but it said it will not comment on the issue.
Jen Chambers, the charity's development manager, says there should be consistency.
"Some people literally will not leave their house without hair on their head.
"So if we want people with alopecia to contribute to society then there should be helped there for all those who need it."
Image copyright Louise Rayner Image caption Jen Chambers says there needs to be consistency across the NHS
Alopecia is the scientific term for hair loss and is estimated to affect at least 65,000 people in the UK.
In younger people it is thought to often, though not always, be caused by an auto-immune condition.
In 2015, Alopecia UK sent freedom of information requests to the 209 Clinical Commissioning Groups (CCGs) in England asking about wig provision in their area.
Of the 169 that got back to them - six said they don't offer wigs because they view alopecia as a "cosmetic issue".
The other responses varied. Some groups said they offered two wigs a year as standard, while others said it was decided on a case-by-case basis.
Twenty five NHS groups referred to NHS England's policy.
It states: "There are no nationally set limits on the number of wigs a patient can have on the NHS, but there's nothing preventing local NHS organisations from setting their own limit."
Image caption Greg says they lost their hair 'overnight'
Greg Burnet, who's 26, completely lost their hair when they were 13.
"I scratched my head in music class and some hair came out and I remember the girl next to me being like 'What the hell?'
"It was an overnight thing," they say.
Despite seeing multiple doctors, dermatologists and specialists over the years, no-one has ever offered to prescribe them a wig.
"I would've been a different person. The alopecia has completely changed me and if I had an option of a wig it might not have done.
"Whether it's for better or worse - I wasn't given a choice and that's not fair."
Image copyright Greg Burnet Image caption Greg says they wish he'd been given the option of a wig
Human hair wigs can cost several hundred pounds and the charity says it's heard from people who've had to cut back on essentials just to afford theirs.
Jen, who has alopecia herself, used to get real hair wigs prescribed to them on the NHS - but in recent years they say the service has been cut.
"I remember when they told me - I just couldn't hold it together and I burst into tears," they say.
Image copyright Getty Images
The British Association of Dermatologists has echoed the call for a consistent NHS wig policy.
"Wig provision should be equal across the NHS, regardless of where you live.
"Alopecia can have an enormous impact on quality of life and should not be considered a cosmetic issue."
Both NHS England and the body that represents CCGs (NHSCC) have refused to comment.
Catch me up hide
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. -- This is a column about Eagles fans, and after this paragraph, it will not contain any mention of battery throwing, Santa booing, horse punching, vulgarity spewing, lamppost climbing, opposing fan intimidation or any other behavior that falls under the general category of "drunken unruliness."
This is about people like Tyrone and Tara Miller. They are Eagles fans and -- like the vast majority of Eagles fans -- they have committed none of the asupervisorstioned fan atrocities. They are a father and daughter from the Chestnut Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia who, from the time that Tara was a 6-month-old baby on Tyrone's knee, have watched the Eagles together.
"She is my football partner," Tyrone said, and from across their table at the Mall of America, Tara beamed.
Tyrone took their daughter to their first game when they were about 10 years old and gave them one instruction: Walk like you know where you're going. So when they boarded the wrong elevator at the since-demolished Veterans Stadium and ended up in a dining room where Eagles great Ron Jaworski was having breakfast, they knew to play it cool.
"What is the first thing I taught you?" Tyrone asked.
"How to spell E-A-G-L-E-S?" Tara replied.
"No. After that."
"To hate the Cowboys?"
"Exactly!"
They have been going to game together ever since, with season tickets on the 45-yard line at Lincoln Financial Field. They take at least one road trip a year, one that is as much about father-daughter bonding as it is about football. And, when their team makes the Super Bowl, they find a way to get there.
This trip, after the flights and the hotel and their nosebleed seeds at U.S. Bank Stadium, will cost them (gulp) more than $15,000. Doesn't matter. They couldn't miss it.
"We were there in Jacksonville 13 years ago," Tyrone said, referring to Super Bowl XXXIX when the Eagles lost to this same Patriots team. "I was 60 then. Now I'm 73. I don't know if I've got another 13 years in me.
"I'm due! I'm due!"
11 reasons the Eagles will CRUSH the Patriots
The Eagles need to win this Super Bowl for their fans. Not those fans in that first paragraph, the ones that have given this fan base a reputation that follows it wherever it goes. Half of the country and, given what happened in the NFC Championship Game, most of Minnesota is rooting against the Eagles because of those fans.
But those fans are not these fans, diehards who have dedicated their lives to a team that have not rewarded them for their loyalty. The stories about these fans are much harder to find and not nearly as salacious, but they are much more representative of the fan base.
The two sons who surprised their 75-year-old father with tickets. The employees at a Philly hospital who held a pep rally for the newborn babies in the NICU unit. The 13-year-old who beat cancer and received tickets from an anonymous Vikings fan.
The Millers, too. They have stuck with this team and with each other in good times and (mostly) bad ones. They were there in Tampa when kicker Matt Bryant hit a 62-yard field goal to beat their Eagles. They were there in Veterans Stadium when Ronde Barber intercepted a pass for the Buccaneers to end the 2002 NFC Championship Game in disaster.
"My dad started up the steps even before (Ronde) Barber caught the ball," Tara said. "He saw it coming all the way."
The Eagles have played in two Super Bowls. They lost them both. They last won a championship in 1960, before the NFL and AFL merger, and back when Tyrone was still a student at North Catholic High in the city. They graduated, started a family, worked 39 years at Holman Automotive, put Tara through college at Florida, and retired.
No more titles.
Their "road buddy," a friend named Richard Gorham, died a few years back. They never got to see their team win a Super Bowl. Tyrone wonders: Will they get this close again? They want this one.
"People said it'll be a cold day in hell when the Eagles win a Super Bowl," Tyrone said. "Well, guess what? We're in Minnesota and it's going to be zero degrees. It's a cold day in hell!"
They laughed. Their daugther laughed. They are forever football partners, two of the many good Eagles fans -- yes, good Eagles fans -- who deserve a Super Bowl celebration of their own.
Steve Politi may be reached at spoliti@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @StevePoliti. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
For the Draper family, this past weekend was filled with anxious phone calls and planning searches.
Their conversations concerned who had talked to whom, where fliers had been hung and what could have happened that Thursday night.
At the center of all it is Texas father and husband Kenneth Draper, who has now been missing for four days.
Ken Draper Draper Family
"It's just so unlike him, we're all shocked," Gail Percle, Ken's sister-in-law, told Dateline. "Everyone who knows them is like, 'Is this a joke? This isn't funny.' No one can believe he's just gone."
Kenneth, whom everyone calls Ken, was last seen at their and their wife Leslie's home Thursday, August 10 in Corinth, Texas. It was around 11:30 p.m. when Leslie saw the couple's bathroom light go on and off, Gail told Dateline.
"She had their headphones in and fell asleep listening to an audio book," Gail said. "And when they awoke again at 6:30 the next morning, they couldn't find Ken."
Ken wasn't usually up by that time every morning, and if they are, it was to walk the couple's dog. But the dog was still inside and Ken's vehicle was still parked at their home.
"She was alarmed and called one of their friends, but tried to not panic right then. But when they got home at 12:30 or so later that afternoon, they still aren't home. That's when they called police," Gail told Dateline.
Ken and Leslie have been married for 20 years, and it's Ken's second marriage. He's on good terms with their first wife, with whom they have two sons. They have a wide network of friends in the area and lots of family nearby. He's described as the man who is always at every family event.
He's reserved, but "will talk your ear off" about anything they love.
And of those things they kept talking about was an upcoming trip. They and their wife had made plans to head to North Carolina this coming Friday to watch the solar eclipse, which makes their disappearance that much more frightening.
Ken Draper (left) with their wife Leslie Draper (right) Draper Family
"They had a house rented and friends coming," Gail told Dateline. "He loves that sort of stuff. He's a bit nerdy, loves science and stuff. It sounded like they were really looking forward to seeing it."
Family members say Ken was stressed about work recently, but outside that, they told Dateline they don't believe anything else was troubling him.
The Corinth Police Department is investigating, but do not suspect foul play at this time. Officials believe Ken left on foot of their own free will. But Assistant Chief Greg Wilkerson told Dateline they are concerned for Ken's safety.
"We've tracked down every possible lead, but there has been nothing," Wilkerson said. "We're hoping someone sees their picture and recognizes him, and calls us. And we can intervene or offer help to them if they need it."
Several searches have been conducted in and around the wooded areas surrounding the Draper home, according to officials. Little evidence has been located.
Whatever may be going on, Ken's family simply wants them home safe.
"It's just crazy. You think, 'Did something happen?,'" Ken's sister-in-law Gail told Dateline. "We just want them to know we love them and we want them to come home. And to anyone who knows anything, they have a family and is very loved."
Ken Draper is 53 years old and is described as 5'11" tall, weighing 165 lbs. with brown hair and blue eyes. Anyone with information regarding their whereabouts is urged to call the Corinth Police Department at (940) 349-1600.
Image copyright Police Scotland
A safe containing a five-figure sum of money was stolen from a Fife golf course during the British Women's Open.
The safe was taken sometime between 20:15 on Saturday 5 August and 06:00 on Sunday 6 August from a temporary building at Kingsbarns Golf Course.
Police Scotland are now appealing for witnesses.
Det Insp Graham Fenton said: "The Portacabin was being used at the Women's British Open and as a result it contained a significant sum of money."
Las Vegas is betting on a new approach to combat rising heroin and HIV rates: vending machines of clean needles.
But the syringe exchange vending machines, a first in the United States, aren't open to just anyone walking by. They are accessible to clients of Trac-B Exchange, a program run by the Las Vegas Hard Reduction Center.
And the machines don't take money. Instead, drug users scan a card and enter a unique ID number in order to vend one of the colorfully gift-wrapped boxes inside.
"This is a harm reduction approach," said Chelsi Cheatom, program manager for Trac-B Exchange, in an interview with NBC Las Vegas affiliate KSNV. "People are already exchanging in these behaviors, and anytime someone's engaging in a behavior that could cause them some potential health side effects, we want to encourage them to reduce their risk of harm."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed First Needle Vending Machine for Drug Users Debuts in Nevada 1:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The center worked in collaboration with the Southern Nevada Health District and the Nevada AIDS Research and Education Society (NARES) to install the new machines, which will be available at three different locations by the end of May. Each client will be limited to two kits a week; each box contains syringes, alcohol wipes, safe sex supplies, and a sharps disposal box.
"Providing clean needles and supplies is a proven method for limiting disease transmission in a community," said Dr. Joe Iser, Chief Health Officer of the Southern Nevada Health District, in a statement Wednesday.
Nevada is the first U.S. state to launch a vending machine program for clean syringes, but the vending machine model has been in use for several years in Puerto Rico, Europe, and Australia.
In 2014, a harm-reduction group installed crack pipe vending machines in Vancouver, Canada. But that program operated differently, with full access to anyone for just a quarter.
Here in the U.S., harm reduction groups — which offer clean drug paraphernalia to users in order to lower rates of disease transmission and illness — are usually required to keep track of their clients.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Drug Overdoses Involving Heroin Tripled from 2010 to 2015, CDC Finds 2:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), heroin use among young people ages 18-25 has more than doubled over the past decade. And between 2002 and 2013, the rate of heroin overdose deaths more than quadrupled.
In January 2016, Congress ended a ban on federal funding to syringe exchange programs. The move was made partially in response to the highly publicized 2015 HIV crisis that hit a tiny county in rural Indiana — where nearly 200 people were diagnosed with HIV in relation to a "close network" of drug users sharing hard-to-find needles.
"The debate over whether syringe exchanges are beneficial has long been settled," said Daniel Raymond, Deputy Director of Planning and Policy at the Harm Reduction Coalition. "The issue now is more, what method is appropriate for my community?"
Nevada rolls out the nation's first vending machines that provide clean needles for IV drug users. KSNV
Injection drug use is actually low on the scale when it comes to HIV transmission: only about 6 percent of new HIV cases in 2015 were attributable to syringes, said the CDC. But as many as 45 percent of young injection drug users carry the Hepatitis C virus, with rates rising in rural and suburban areas.
In Clark County, where Las Vegas is located, HIV transmission rates among needle users are higher than the national average at 9 percent.
For harm reduction workers, though, needle exchange is about a lot more than just lowering disease rates.
"It's a philosophy of service at the front end, and adjusting the way we look at drug users," said Liz Evans, the Executive Director at New York Harm Reduction Educators. "Too often we fail to see drug users as human beings, and they become defined by that and get called all these names like junkies and addicts. It becomes harder as a society to respond to them with kindness."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Facebook Inc on Friday said it was suspending political data analytics firm Cambridge Analytica, which worked for President Donald Trump's 2016 election campaign, after finding data privacy policies had been violated.
Facebook said in a statement that it suspended Cambridge Analytica and its parent group Strategic Communication Laboratories (SCL) after receiving reports that they did not delete information about Facebook users that had been inappropriately shared.
Facebook did not mention the Trump campaign or any political campaigns in its statement, attributed to company Deputy General Counsel Paul Grewal.
"We will take legal action if necessary to hold them responsible and accountable for any unlawful behavior," Facebook said, adding that it was continuing to investigate the claims.
Cambridge Analytica worked for the failed presidential campaign of U.S. Senator Ted Cruz and then for the presidential campaign of Donald Trump. On its website, it says it "provided the Donald J. Trump for President campaign with the expertise and insights that helped win the White House."
“Cambridge Analytica fully complies with Facebook's terms of service and is currently in touch with Facebook following its recent statement that it had suspended the company from its platform, in order to resolve this matter as quickly as possible,” Cambridge Analytica said in a statement, adding that the company does not “use or hold data from Facebook profiles.”
The statement goes on to say that in 2014, Cambridge Analytica contracted Global Science Research, led by a “seemingly reputable academic at an internationally-renowned institution to undertake a large scale research project in the United States.”
Cambridge Analytica said that Global Science Research was contractually obligated to obtain data in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act, and to “seek the informed consent of each respondent.”
“When it subsequently became clear that the data had not been obtained by GSR in line with Facebook's terms of service, Cambridge Analytica deleted all data received from GSR,” the statement said.
Cambridge Analytica went on to say that no data from Global Science Research was provided to the Trump campaign.
Brad Parscale, who ran Trump's digital ad operation in 2016 and is their 2020 campaign manager, declined to comment on Friday.
In past interviews with Reuters, Parscale has said that Cambridge Analytica played a minor role as a contractor in the 2016 Trump campaign, and that the campaign used voter data from a Republican-affiliated organization rather than Cambridge Analytica.
Related: Parscale tapped to lead Trump re-election effort
Facebook's Grewal said the company was taking the unusual step of announcing the suspension "given the public prominence" of Cambridge Analytica and its parent organization.
The suspension means Cambridge Analytica and SCL cannot buy ads on the world's largest social media network or administer pages belonging to clients, Andrew Bosworth, a Facebook vice president, said in a Twitter post.
This was unequivocally not a data breach. People chose to share their data with third party apps and if those third party apps did not follow the data agreements with us/users it is a violation. no systems were infiltrated, no passwords or information were stolen or hacked. — Boz (@boztank) March 17, 2018
Trump's campaign hired Cambridge Analytica in June 2016 and paid it more than $6.2 million, according to Federal Election Commission records.
Cambridge Analytica says it uses "behavioral microtargeting," or combining analysis of people's personalities with demographics, to predict and influence mass behavior. It says it has data on 220 million Americans, two thirds of the U.S. population.
It has worked on other campaigns in the United States and other countries, and it is funded by Robert Mercer, a prominent supporter of politically conservative groups.
Facebook in its statement described a rocky relationship with Cambridge Analytica and two individuals going back to 2015.
That year, Facebook said, it learned that University of Cambridge professor Aleksandr Kogan lied to the company and violated its policies by sharing data that they acquired with a so-called "research app" that used Facebook's login system.
Kogan was not immediately available for comment.
The app was downloaded by about 270,000 people. Facebook said that Kogan gained access to profile and other information "in a legitimate way" but "he did not subsequently abide by our rules" when they passed the data to SCL/Cambridge Analytica and Christopher Wylie of Eunoia Technologies. Eunoia did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Facebook said it cut ties to Kogan's app when it learned of the violation in 2015, and asked for certification from Kogan and all parties they had given data to that the information had been destroyed.
Although all certified that they had destroyed the data, Facebook said that it received reports in the past several days that "not all data was deleted," prompting the suspension announced on Friday.
“If these reports are true, it's a serious abuse of our rules. All parties involved — including the SCL Group/Cambridge Analytica, Christopher Wylie and Aleksandr Kogan — certified to us that they destroyed the data in question," Grewal said in a statement Saturday. "We will take whatever steps are required to see that the data in question is deleted once and for all — and take action against all offending parties.”
BEIRUT — Gunmen early Saturday stormed an office of a Syrian paramedic group that is active in opposition-controlled areas, killing seven of its members and stealing two vehicles and other equipment in a northwestern region, the group and opposition activists said, while a suicide attack south of the country killed at least 23 rebels.
The Syrian Civil Defense group, more popularly known as the White Helmets, said in a statement that the attack happened in the early hours in the town of Sarmin.
A member of the White Helmets mourns as colleagues bury their fellow comrades during a funeral in Sarmin, a jihadist-held town nine kilometres east of Syria's northwestern city of Idlib on August 12, 2017. OMAR HAJ KADOUR / AFP - Getty Images
No one immediately claimed responsibility for the rare attack but it came amid tension in the area. Sarmin is in Idlib province, which witnessed clashes recently between al-Qaida-linked fighters and members of the ultraconservative Ahrar al-Sham group that ended with al-Qaida fighters capturing much of the region.
The al-Qaida-linked Hay'at Tahrir al Sham — Arabic for Levant Liberation Committee, and also known as HTS — said over the past weeks that its members have discovered sleepers cells of the Islamic State group who were planning an attack. Al-Qaida's affiliate, which used by to be known as the Nusra Front, has fought deadly battles with IS over the past years.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the seven were killed after being shot in the head, adding that the killings were discovered when volunteers from the White Helmets arrived to start a shift and found the bodies of their colleagues.
Related: White Helmets Video Shows Toll in Idlib, Aleppo of Syria Offensive
"Until now it is mostly likely a crime. It might also be an attack aimed to harm the image of the Nusra Front and to show that Idlib is not safe," said Rami Abdurrahman who heads the Observatory.
An opposition activist based in Idlib who has been providing The Associated Press with information about the province for years said the attackers used pistols equipped with silencers, adding that people living nearby did not notice anything unusual.
Members of the Syrian civil defence volunteers bury their fellow comrades during a funeral in Sarmin on August 12, 2017. OMAR HAJ KADOUR / AFP - Getty Images
The activist, who asked that their name not be used for fear of reprisals, said IS sleeper cells have been discovered in Sarmin. They added that most likely members of IS carried out the attack to show that Idlib is not safe.
The activist said the HTS-linked Judicial Committee is investigating the case.
Sarmin used to be a stronghold of the Jund al-Aqsa extremist group that clashed with al-Qaida last year before many of its members were allowed to head to areas controlled by IS, whom they are fighting now.
The Syrian first-responders have been known to risk their lives to save people from the civil war, now in its sixth year. The White Helmets group was widely considered likely to win last year's Nobel Peace Prize.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'White Helmets' Volunteer: Assad Troops Are Executing Civilians 1:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Elsewhere in Syria, a suicide attacker blew themselves inside a training camp for the Army of Islam rebel group in the southern town of Naseeb, near the border with Jordan, killing more than 20 fighters.
The Observatory said Saturday that the Friday night blast killed 23 and wounded 20, some of whom were in critical condition.
Ahmad al-Masalmeh, an opposition activist based in the southern province of Daraa, said about 80 Army of Islam members were having dinner inside a tent when the suicide attacker walked in and blew themselves up. They said 30 were killed, 20 were wounded and six are still missing.
No one claimed responsibility for the deadly bombing but IS has previously claimed such attacks.
Video
China's transgender TV star Jin Xing is a progressive icon but is being criticised for hosting a show that promotes a conservative view of women.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Transcript for Back-to-school tips for parents and children
We're in the mode with our new series be your best back to school edition, mom.me editor Ericka souter is here with great tips. Thanks for joining us. Yes. Now, what is the key to starting the term off right is sleeping. Getting kids back to bedtimes because summer, they've been sleeping, going to bed late, waking up late. How can we get them back on track. Ease them into it. Letting them stay up to 11 every night, the night before school starts you can't say go to bed at 7:30 or 8. Two weeks before or a week before, every day make bedtime a little earlier so they're ready when they have to, you know, go to sleep on time. You have to explain them too. It's not a punishment. They'll be annoyed. They had fun all summer. If you have a late waker, you have a kid that likes to sleep in. Start getting them up earlier and earlier every day. Routines are critical. Especially bedtime routines. Want an hour before bedtime ideally cut off electronics. No running around. Let their bodies relax. Let their mind relax. Have a little one, read a story to them. Older kid, they can read by themselves and give them an alarm clock so they can take responsibility for their bedtime and wake-up time and mom and dads are alarms forever. Another countdown to class prepares them is going to see the doctor. Oh, going to the see the doctor is key. A lot of kids want a proof of an annual physical and make sure vaccinations are up to date. Do that before school start. Getting ready emotionally. Got stuff for that. Off summer off time. How do you prepare them for what's about to come. Homework is coming. Winter is coming. I know, exactly. A lot of schools will send home summer packs where they do the work before the first day of school. If you're like me I shove that to the side and don't think about it till now. Every couple every day we do a couple of sheets to be prepared. If your did not send home a packet you can buy things from Amazon or book stores to get them back in that mode. Much needed. You're sleeping welt. You're ready to learn. You're back on track and healthy. How do you keep all those schedules straight. Oh, my gosh, well, I mean it is maddening with all of the games, recitals and all the things that families have to do it's great to have a family calendar. Now you can have something like is where you put it on or you can do a Google calendar. Mine does a Google calendar, when is this, when is that? We're all over that. Ericka souter, thank you very much.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
When it comes to knowing who's at your door before you actually open it, there's nothing better than a video doorbell. After all, peepholes can get smudged, wet, and physically blocked, which means you may not know who's knocking at the door, whether it's being a salesperson, your neighbor, the pizza delivery guy, or a total stranger. A video doorbell eliminates these possibilities, helping you feel more secure in your home. We've done the research and rounded up the best video doorbells on the market right now.
Ring Video Doorbell 2 ($169)
With this doorbell, you'll be able to see, hear, and speak to anyone on your doorstep, even if you're not at home. Simply open up your smartphone, tablet, or PC, and you can interact in real-time (and in 1080 HD video) with the mail carrier, your spouse, or anyone else who's ringing your doorbell. You'll also get instant notifications on your devices when visitors press the doorbell or trigger its motion sensors. You can connect up to ten iOS, Android, Mac, or Windows devices, so everyone in your family can be plugged in if they want to be. This device also runs entirely on battery power, which means you don't have to worry about any pesky wires. When the battery is out, simply plug it into a MicroUSB cable. A single charge will last up to three months.
Buy one now from:
Amazon
August Doorbell Cam Pro ($200)
With this video doorbell, you'll know exactly who's ringing your doorbell, and you can see and speak to them in full color HD – even if its nighttime – due to the built-in floodlight. With three different brightness levels, you get clear footage no matter what time of day. You can also program the floodlight to turn on when the doorbell detects motion to deter any lurkers who may be roaming the street. Thanks to a feature called Hindsight, the doorbell will start capturing footage even if the visitor doesn't physically press the doorbell. That way, you'll know when anyone enters the premises of your home. Got a spouse who frequently forgets the keys? Or maybe a relative is coming to pick up the kids? You can pair the doorbell with any August Smart Lock to remotely let visitors into the house.
Buy one now from:
Amazon
Blink Video Doorbell
Whether you're at work, traveling the world, or sitting right upstairs, you'll feel like you're at home with the Blink Video Doorbell. Thanks to live video and two-way audio, you can see and talk to anyone on your doorstep. The doorbell will also send real-time notifications to your smartphone if the built-in motion sensors detect any lurkers near your premises. The wire-free, weatherproof design ensures this device will stand the test of time, come rain or shine. The doorbell also guarantees a long battery life; in fact, two standard AA lithium batteries should last the doorbell two years. Want to extend that lifetime by using the existing doorbell wiring? You can choose to do that, too, and even keep the existing chime sound if you would like.
Get early access at:
BlinkforHome
Nest Hello Video Doorbell ($229)
Nest may have started out as a smart thermostat company, but it has since branched off into other areas of smart home. With 24/7 streaming, this Nest doorbell ensures you won't miss a thing when it comes to the security of your front door. It's designed to show you a full view of your doorstep, so you'll see people from head to toe, and you'll be able to spot packages on the ground. Check in whenever you feel like it, or you can scroll back through a three-hour snapshot history to make sure everything's a-okay. The doorbell delivers clear video and crisp audio during any time of the day or night, thanks to built-in night-vision capabilities. It offers the same security as the Nest Cam, the company's home security camera, along with all the functionality of a doorbell.
Pre-order one now from:
Nest
Honeywell Skybell Trim ($200)
This Honeywell doorbell is always on, so you can begin a live video stream at any time to monitor your home, even if you're at a remote location. Two-way audio also helps you hear and speak to visitors using your iPhone or iPad. Even if the doorbell isn't pressed, the built-in motion sensor will let you know when someone is in front of your door. The doorbell also features a silent mode, which lets you turn off the indoor chime and instead receive notifications on your devices — great for when you're taking a nap and don't want to be disturbed. Choose from silver or oil-rubbed bronze depending on what goes best with your home exterior's color scheme.
Buy one now from:
Amazon
JEDDAH: King Salman on Monday made a phone call to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, congratulating them and the people of Turkey on the successful conduct of a referendum on amendments to the Turkish constitution.
The king expressed hope that the new amendment would bring Turkey more stability and boost its development. They reiterated the Kingdom's keenness for more cooperation with Turkey. Earlier, in Riyadh, the Cabinet also congratulated Erdoğan.
The Cabinet condemned the suicide bombings that targeted refugees in two Syrian villages and similar bombings in Mogadishu.
The Cabinet stressed the strength of the Saudi economy as the Ministry of Finance has received strong demand from investors for the first international issuance under the sukuk program.
Oroville Dam Evacuees Wary of Returning to Their Homes
Californians ordered to leave their homes share mixed feelings as they prepared to return to their communities.
TORONTO — A third person is dead following a string of shootings in downtown Toronto over the past week.
A man, who was among four people injured in a shooting in the city's Kensington Market neighbourhood Sunday night, was pronounced dead in hospital, police said Wednesday.
Two men associated with the local rap scene — 21-year-old Jahvante Smart, also known as Smoke Dawg, and 28-year-old Ernest Modekwe — were killed in a separate incident near Queen Street West and Spadina Avenue on Saturday evening.
Investigators have also asked for the public's help in finding an unidentified man who fired nine shots during a dispute near King Street West and Portland Street early Tuesday morning, sending one man to hospital with a bullet wound to the hip. Officers say they have no description of the shooter, but they believe they are violent, armed and dangerous.
Overall, 11 people have been shot in Toronto since Friday morning when, police said, a driver near Shuter and George Streets took a shotgun out of their trunk and opened fire at a pedestrian, injuring the 21-year-old woman and a 69-year-old man on a bike.
There have been 22 gun deaths in Toronto so far this year, out of 51 total homicides — a figure inflated by the deadly van attack that killed 10 people in April.
By contrast, there were 27 total homicides at this point last year, and 16 fatal shootings by the end of June 2017.
Police Chief Mark Saunders has said the vast majority of shootings this year have been gang-related.
Police in Toronto and surrounding jurisdictions laid more than 1,000 charges against 75 alleged members and associates of the Five Points Generalz street gang last month.
Officers said the Generalz, linked to several shootings in the Greater Toronto Area, were "significantly disrupted" by the sweep, but acknowledged that gang activity would persist.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Albert Thompson: "I was denied NHS cancer treatment"
Cancer patient Albert Thompson, the man who has been the focus of much of the Windrush row, has been given a date to start their treatment on the NHS.
It comes after they were told last year they would have to pay £54,000 unless they could produce the right documentation.
The Royal Marsden Hospital in London said the 63-year-old, who attended the hospital this week, would get their radiotherapy "as an NHS patient".
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn had raised Mr Thompson's case in Parliament.
Mr Corbyn brought up their situation at Prime Minister's Questions, first in March and again last week, when they accused Theresa May of declining to help him.
The prime minister said the Home Office had been in contact with Mr Thompson's representatives, and said their NHS treatment should never have been withheld.
Some immigrants who came to the UK from the Commonwealth decades ago, the so-called Windrush generation, have been threatened with deportation or refused jobs or healthcare.
Mr Thompson is not technically of the Windrush generation as they arrived in the UK from Jamaica in 1973 as a teenager.
But their case was brought to light by the Guardian after they were told they would have to pay for prostate cancer treatment unless they could prove their right to remain in the UK.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May says the Home Office has looked into their case and Albert Thompson will receive treatment for prostate cancer
"I was less than two weeks away from my treatment. That was really upsetting," Mr Thompson had told the BBC.
"I get to the Royal Marsden and they gave me this form to fill out where they want to see passport or visa, benefits letter and bank statement.
"At the end of the day, I don't have those things to show so I've got to pay £54,000, which I haven't got."
Laura Stahnke of Praxis, the immigration charity helping Mr Thompson, said it was delighted they were getting their treatment, but added "it shouldn't have taken all this media attention, and their case being debated in Parliament for them to get there".
The Royal Marsden Hospital statement said: "Mr Thompson has attended the Royal Marsden this week to plan the next stage of their treatment and has a date to start their radiotherapy.  They are being treated as an NHS patient."
Home Secretary Amber Rudd, speaking in Parliament on Monday, said they would do all they could to "right the wrongs" that had been done to the Windrush generation and their families.
They said UK citizenship fees and language tests will be waived and promised speedy compensation for anyone who had "suffered loss".
CityPOST is launching a new nationwide postal service for businesses.
The independent postal service said its €0.79 PostPICK-UP cost will undercut the annual costs of existing providers by up to 21%.
CityPost Director Bob Phillips said the move marks a new departure for the company but they believe there is an opportunity to provide choice for customers in post in Ireland.
Mr Phillips said for business customers the company will "collect and deliver your mail for you.
"Typically if you look at the headline prices, it's €1 now for An Post and its 79 cents, so we are actually giving people money back that they would spend anyway.
On the sustainability of the model, the CityPOST director said staff members will be appropriately rewarded to keep them with the company.
They said combining modern technology and post means people can be reached who haven't used post before.
"We think there is a renaissance possible in post by using an approach which combined the electronic and post.
"Post is unique in that people tend to have a special place for it in their home".
Mr Phillips said it will be aiming to target a younger audience for post by using technology.
Wes Morgan is winning their battle to be fit for Leicester City's Champions League quarter-final showdown with Atletico Madrid, according to boss Craig Shakespeare.
Leicester captain Morgan has not featured since scoring in last month's stirring comeback triumph against Sevilla in the last 16 due to a back problem.
The Premier League champions are 1-0 down from the first leg and will be without Morgan's regular centre-back partner Robert Huth through suspension.
Shakespeare told a pre-match news conference on Monday that the 33-year-old is progressing well in their bid to lead the hosts out at a sold-out King Power Stadium.
"The final decision will be made tomorrow," Shakespeare said. "We want to make sure there is no reaction to today's training.
Shakespeare will make a "final decision" on Wes Morgan's UCL involvement vs Atletico today: “I need to see if there's any reaction" #LCFC — Ben Dinnery (@BenDinnery) April 18, 2017
"He has trained the last three training sessions in which the intensity has been greater [in] every one.
"I am pleased with how they have progressed. I would like to find out from the player how their thoughts are.
"But my eyes tell me this morning we both should be fairly pleased how they have come through.
"We're in the tie and it's only 1-0. We need to make sure that we create more, but we also need to be mindful of their players.
"Come tomorrow night we'll be ready both physically and mentally."
These people almost entirely replaced the earlier farmers. Today, British people trace 90 percent of their ancestry to this immigrant wave.
Were it not for the genetic findings, “nobody would have believed the scale of the turnover,” said Ian Armit, an archaeologist at the University of Bradford who collaborated with Dr. Reich on the research.
“Archaeologists will need to get to grips with this 90 percent replacement, and what this might really mean in human terms,” they added.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A Dramatic Voyage
The Beaker people needed only to cross the English Channel to get to the British Isles. A far more spectacular voyage took place about 3,300 years ago, when humans first sailed to remote islands in the Pacific.
Dr. Reich and their colleagues have shed light on that migration by analyzing ancient DNA from the skeletons of early Pacific voyagers.
“It's changed the game,” said Matthew Spriggs, an archaeologist at Australian National University, who has collaborated with Dr. Reich.
Until recently, many archaeologists argued that the ancestors of Pacific Islanders were related to the indigenous people of Taiwan. They had sailed south to the islands around New Guinea, the idea went, later mixing with the population, known as Papuans. Only later did their descendants sail east to Pacific islands.
This theory helped account for the kinds of languages spoken in the Pacific, the agriculture, and styles of pottery, as well as the mix of East Asian and New Guinea DNA found in the islanders.
Dr. Spriggs and other archaeologists provided Dr. Reich with bones from Vanuatu and Tonga, and their team succeeded in recovering DNA where others had failed. And what did it say about the prevailing theory?
“We found genetically that wasn't right at all,” Dr. Reich said. They and their colleagues published their results last month in the journal Current Biology.
Instead, the people who first arrived on Vanuatu and other Pacific islands came directly from Asia — perhaps Taiwan or the Philippines — without ever stopping in New Guinea. Only later did a wave of Papuans arrive.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We know now when that wave hits — it hits before 2,400 years ago,” said Dr. Reich. “And it's a total replacement.”
And that second wave actually was made up of at least two migrations. The Papuans who came to what is now Vanuatu probably sailed from the Bismarck Islands. But the Papuans who arrived further east, in Polynesia, came from other islands, possibly New Britain.
As of last month, Dr. Reich's team has published about three-quarters of all the genome-wide data from ancient human remains in the scientific literature. But the scientists are only getting started.
They also have retrieved DNA from about 3,000 more samples. And the lab refrigerators are filled with bones from 2,000 more denizens of prehistory.
Dr. Reich's plan is to find ancient DNA from every culture known to archaeology everywhere in the world. Ultimately, they hope to build a genetic atlas of humanity over the past 50,000 years.
“I try not to think about it all at once, because it's so overwhelming,” they said.
Image copyright Google Map Image caption Two men were stabbed in Victoria Crescent
Two men have been charged over a double stabbing in Newport.
A 22-year-old man and a 24-year-old man went to hospital after suffering stab wounds in Baneswell at about 18:00 BST on Tuesday.
Two men aged 21 and 25 have been charged with possession of a knife and wounding with intent following the "disturbance" in Victoria Crescent.
They have both been remanded to appear at Newport Magistrates' Court on Thursday.
The injured men, both from Newport, received treatment at the Royal Gwent Hospital and have since been released.
Joyce T. Smith
August 28, 1934 – June 13, 2018
ARIZONA – Joyce T. Smith “Jo,” 83, formerly of Bowie, TX died June 13, 2018 in Phoenix, AZ.
A memorial service will be at 2 p.m. on July 7 at A Thousand Trails in Bridgeport.
Joyce was born on Aug. 28, 1934 in Littlefield to Tweet and Charlie Townsend.
During their junior year they met their husband William David Smith in Carlsbad, NM. They had worked in retail sales for many years.  They are a member of the First United Methodist Church of Bowie.
Jo is preceded in death by their husband, William David Smith; their children, William Donald, Laurie Jo and Dianna Ruth Schmitt and grandson, Charlie Schmitt.
 They are survived by son, David Edman and wife Judy, Omaha, NE; daughter, Amy K. Boise and husband Jim, Phoenix AZ; many grandchildren and great grandchildren; nieces and nephews, and the many that came to be part of the family because they were the “other Mother” or “Momma Jo” to them.
They will be missed by all.
Paid publication
(John Fitzhugh/The Sun Herald via AP). Bobby Williams, left, and their son, Bobby, Jr., take down the sign for their charter boat at the Biloxi, Miss., Small Craft Harbor on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. Gulf Coast residents were bracing Friday for a fast-movin...
(John Fitzhugh/The Sun Herald via AP). Glenn Martin, left, and Marty Vaughn of Mobile, Ala., help Al Manning load up their vehicle as they prepare to leave Biloxi, Miss., on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. Gulf Coast residents were bracing Friday for a fast-movin...
(Matthew Hinton/The Advocate via AP). The Caernarvon floodgate closes in St. Bernard Parish before the arrival of Tropical Storm Nate in Caernarvon, La., Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. May fisherman and crab trappers were allowed to dock their boats inside the ...
(Matthew Hinton/The Advocate via AP). Scottie Lopez, left, and Glenn Greco, both from Delacroix Island, tie up their boats before the Caernarvon floodgate closes in St. Bernard Parish in anticipation of the arrival of Tropical Storm Nate in Caernarvon,...
(Matthew Hinton/The Advocate via AP). Scottie Lopez throws a rope to Glenn Greco, both from Delacroix Island, at they tie up their boats before the Caernarvon floodgate closes in St. Bernard Parish in anticipation of the arrival of Tropical Storm Nate ...
By JANET McCONNAUGHEY, MELINDA DESLATTE and JEFF AMYAssociated Press
NEW ORLEANS (AP) - Hurricane Nate sent U.S. Gulf Coast residents scrambling to prepare as hurricane warnings covered the region.
Louisiana's governor urged their state's residents to take Nate seriously, saying the storm "has the potential to do a lot of damage."
"No one should take this storm lightly. It has already claimed the lives of at least 20 people," Gov. John Bel Edwards said Friday. "We do want people to be very, very cautious and to not take this storm for granted."
The National Hurricane Center in Miami issued hurricane and storm surge warnings for southeast Louisiana and the Mississippi and Alabama coasts.
States of emergency were declared in all three states as Nate - which has already killed at least 21 people in Central America - became the latest in a succession of destructive storms this hurricane season.
Edwards said forecasts for the fast-moving storm, which threatens to strike Louisiana as a hurricane this weekend, indicate the greatest risks are winds and storm surge, rather than intense amounts of rain.
That's good news for New Orleans, where the city's pumping system remains fragile but is working. Two flash floods this summer led to revelations about personnel and equipment problems at the agency that runs the system that drains the city.
New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said 109 of its 120 pumps are functioning, which is 92 percent capacity.
"We are ready for whatever Nate brings our way," Landrieu said.
Nate is forecast to dump 3 to 6 inches (7 to 15 centimeters) of rain on the region - with isolated totals of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters). The storm was expected to strengthen as it moves over the Gulf and make landfall in the U.S. late Saturday or early Sunday. A tropical storm watch extended across Alabama and northeast Georgia, including the Atlanta metro area.
Millard A. Green, a bassist, music teacher and actor, looked philosophically at grocery shelves in New Orleans that had held cases of bottled water. It was 12:30 p.m. Friday, and they were empty.
"I thought we were finished with all this hurricane stuff? What you gonna do?" they said.
Edwards encouraged people across southeast Louisiana to hunker down for the storm by 8 p.m. Landrieu enacted a 7 p.m. Saturday curfew for city residents. The governor says tropical storm force winds should reach coastal areas of Louisiana by Saturday afternoon, and coastal areas could see storm surge of as much as 7 feet (2 meters).
On Alabama's Dauphin Island - a barrier island south of Mobile, Alabama - owners hauled boats out of the water ahead of the storm's approach. The major concern was the storm surge was projected to coincide with high tide.
"The west end of the island floods in a good thunderstorm," said Chad Palmer, the owner of FinAtics Inshore Fishing Charters, which operates five charter boats on the barrier island.
Palmer said the storm, so far, did not seem to be causing much concern on the island that has been battered by monster storms such as Hurricane Ivan and Hurricane Katrina, but they were more cautious.
"Right now people are talking about hurricane parties. ... This is my personal non-founded opinion, but this thing has got a whole lot of Gulf to cover before we say it's going to be a little storm," Palmer said.
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency in six southernmost counties. State officials, at a briefing Friday in Gulfport, warned that Nate's main danger in that state will be from up to 10 feet (3 meters) of storm surge in low-lying coastal areas, as well as from winds that could damage mobile homes.
"If you are in an area that has flooded, I would recommend you evacuate that area until the storm has ended and the water has receded for your own personal safety and for the safety of the first responders that will be responding in the event you are trapped," Bryant said.
___
Associated Press writer Kim Chandler contributed to this report from Alabama.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image copyright Glos News Service Image caption Mark Kentish was referred to during the hearing as a "gentle giant"
A man died following "inappropriate" restraint by security guards at an industrial estate, an inquest has concluded.
Mark Kentish, 55, was held on the ground for almost 20 minutes by the guards until police arrested him.
A jury at Gloucestershire Coroner's Court said a "failure of care" led to their death in June 2016.
They said their death was caused principally by the stress of their struggle with the guards.
In an narrative conclusion, jurors said the restraint used by the two park staff at Stowfield Business Park in Lower Lydbrook, Gloucestershire, was "inappropriate in both method and duration".
Mr Kentish, from Solihull, West Midlands, had driven to the Wye Valley on 22 June 2016 to visit their disabled father in English Bicknor.
They were referred to during the hearing as a "gentle giant" and an extrovert, larger than life, and a childlike character.
Image copyright Google Image caption Mark Kentish drove to Stowfield Business Park late at night where they were restrained
After the visit they drank heavily before driving to the Stowfield Business Park where, according to the staff there, they were drunkenly trying to tear down the fence around a three million volt electricity sub station.
One of the guards who tackled him, Paul Whiteside, said: "You could hear the fence being rattled and profanities being shouted.
"He was shouting about a dog and saying they were going to kill us all."
As police were dealing with Mr Kentish they became unwell and died at at 00:13 BST on 23 June, despite their efforts to resuscitate him.
In their conclusion, the jur said: "The medical cause of death was stress and struggle against restraint.
"Contributing factors were: coronary artery atheroma, large heart, mild emphysema, effect of obesity and the effect of alcohol and cocaine."
Mr Kentish's partner Kerry Jay and their family said in statement they felt "huge relief and gratitude" that "the truth has come out, of how they met their death".
Assistant coroner Caroline Saunders said they would write to the Security Industry Authority to ask why there was no programme of refresher training or education for guards as to the risks of restraint and positional asphyxia.
When is Let it Shine on TV?
Let it Shine will be launching on BBC One on Saturday 7th January at 7pm. Yep, that's the same night as The Voice UK launches on ITV… (in fact, they overlap by 25 minutes)
What is Let it Shine?
It's the BBC's “brand-new Saturday night entertainment show” and the brainchild of Take That's Gary Barlow. Over eight weeks, Gary and the judges will try and find five boys who will create a band to star in a theatre production.
Who are the judges on Let it Shine?
Alongside Gary Barlow, the permanent judges will be Martin Kemp and Dannii Minogue. For the first stage of the competition, Glee and Dreamgirls star Amber Riley will be a judge on the panel. However, this will then change for stages two and three.
Although Gary, Martin and Dannii will remain, Amber will be replaced by Lulu for stage two. Lulu said: “I have always loved working and sharing in the success story that is Take That. So the chance to bring my experience and knowledge of west end musicals, to help cast for a new show, feels a privilege and I am thrilled to do it."
The judges for the third, live stage of the competition have yet to be confirmed.
Who's presenting Let it Shine?
Graham Norton and Mel Giedroyc are the presenters of Let it Shine.
Norton said: “The combination of the BBC, everyone's favourite band and Saturday nights made this an offer I simply couldn't refuse. If I wasn't a part of Let It Shine, I know I would be watching it at home - this way I just get the best seat in the house."
Giedroyc added: “This show brings together so many of the things I love – singing, dancing, Gary Barlow and Graham Norton. What's not to love? I can't wait to meet the singers and see the performances, which I know will be utterly spectacular. If you know someone who's got the moves, whether they already sing in the shower or on the stage, we want to see them.”
What do the winners of Let it Shine get?
The five winning boys will get to tour the UK in a theatre production called The Band – a musical stage show featuring the music of Take That.
Something very special is coming to Saturday nights in January! 🌟 #LetItShine pic.twitter.com/7KDWVPg3yK — BBC One (@BBCOne) December 17, 2016
What are the stages of Let it Shine?
Stage one is more of a straightforward audition, but it's stage two where things really get interesting. As well as Lulu popping up, the BBC have announced that Busted, Beverley Knight, Melanie C, Olly Murs and Kaiser Chiefs will perform with the hopefuls in stage two.
The contestants will be put into five ‘bands' of eight boys before collaborating with the five guest artists.The judges will then whittle down each band from eight members to five who will then go through to the live final.
KENNEBUNKPORT, Maine — A spokesperson says former President George H.W. Bush is in “good spirits” at a Maine hospital but will need several more days of treatment.
The 93-year-old was taken to a hospital on Sunday when they experienced low blood pressure and fatigue hours after attending a pancake breakfast at the American Legion post in Kennebunkport.
Their spokesperson said in a tweet Wednesday that Bush is talkative and in good spirits but that the treatments to address their blood pressure “are expected to take several more days.”
The nation's 41st president arrived in Maine on May 20 after being treated for a blood infection. He's without their wife of 73 years, Barbara Bush, who died in April in Houston.
There is a huge spectrum of opinion on the value of the Facebook data that Cambridge University academic Aleksandr Kogan gave to Cambridge Analytica's parent company, SCL.
Dr Kogan told a parliamentary committee: "Given what we know now, nothing, literally nothing - the idea that this data is accurate I would say is scientifically ridiculous."
On the other hand, there have been suggestions this sort of data will allow computers to gain a profound understanding of people and their preferences.
In a news conference on Tuesday, Cambridge Analytica's spokesperson said the company had also found Dr Kogan's data set to be "virtually useless".
The orthodox view among data scientists is that the use of social media data to target adverts on Facebook is in its infancy and not yet hugely effective - but Dr Kogan is going further than that, saying that it was completely without value.
Reality Check has seen Dr Kogan's unpublished research into the value of predicted personalities for micro-targeting. We judge that they are underselling its value although they are correct to say that the data was not accurate.
Personality test
Let's go back to where the data came from and what it included.
Dr Kogan had a personality testing app on Facebook, on which users would answer questions about themselves and be given scores on how they rated on the Big Five personality traits: openness, conscientiousness, extraversion, agreeableness and neuroticism, which are used by research psychologists and advertisers.
Dr Kogan says about 270,000 users took this test. Taking the test also gave the app data on all the users' friends, which created a database of 30 million people and their predicted personality scores, according to Dr Kogan. Facebook puts the figure at up to 87 million.
These personality predictions are based on the idea that, for example, if it turned out that people who liked particular brands of sports cars and nightclubs had also turned out to be extraverts, then you might predict that other people who liked those things would also be extraverts.
You can see a similar sort of system on the website of the Psychometrics Centre at the University of Cambridge, which attempts to predict your personality test result based on your social media activity.
Inaccurate predictions
Dr Kogan's research was funded by SCL, the research and communications company that formed Cambridge Analytica. Dr Kogan passed the data, including some of the pages that users had liked, to SCL.
Dr Kogan now says that the data they gave to SCL was useless for targeting adverts on Facebook because individual predictions were too inaccurate.
But some data scientists argue that the overall quality of the personality predictions is not the most important measure.
Part of the point of targeted advertising is to reduce costs by trying to appeal to only a relatively small number of users.
So you might be more interested in people turning up at the extremes of particular personality measures rather than those coming up as being close to average, because they are the ones most likely to exhibit the traits you are targeting.
As such, the overall reliability of the data may be less important than finding groups who may be targeted.
Also, Dr Kogan argues that trying to assess the personality of an individual gives too large a margin of error so the predictions are reliable only if you're taking averages across larger groups. But looking at larger groups may be helpful during an election, when you might be trying to decide where to buy advertising on local radio or where to hold an election rally, for example.
So Dr Kogan is underselling the value of their dataset. While not all of it would have been useful, parts of it could have been helpful.
Image copyright Reuters
Read more from Reality Check
Send us your questions
Follow us on Twitter
Buffalo Bills general manager Doug Whaley told reporters Monday that they were not “privy to the details” from the team's ownership regarding head coach Rex Ryan's firing last month.
Whaley added that team owners Terry and Kim Pegula didn't ask for their input before the Bills decided to let go of Ryan before the team's regular-season finale.
“I was told by my boss that I will no longer be working with Rex,” Whaley said.
Whaley told reporters that Ryan, who went 15-16 in Buffalo, had asked to speak to ownership privately then the GM was informed of the decision after that meeting.
Whaley went on to say that they assumed no responsibility in Ryan's hiring in February 2015 and added that they haven't “even thought about” if they agreed or disagreed with the former head coach's firing.
The Bills said last week that Whaley would be in charge of the current head-coaching search, but Whaley said Monday that the Pegulas will ultimately have the final say. Bills offensive coordinator Anthony Lynn, who took over as interim head coach for Week 17, is reportedly one of the candidates for the job.
Whaley's denials were so prevalent during the news conference that they were cut into a quasi-highlight reel.
The conflicting messaging only adds to the perceived dysfunction in Buffalo, which hasn't reached the playoffs since 1999.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
This article originally appeared on Fox Sports.
LONDON — More than 400 schools in the U.K. received a hoax bomb threat email on Monday, police said, as they reassured parents that their children were safe.
“Nationally, more than 400 schools and colleges have received emails claiming a device has been planted and demanding cash,” the Humberside Police Department said in a statement. Humberside is in northeast England.
“Please don't worry — the threat is not believed to be credible,” the department tweeted.
We have had a number of calls this morning about a bomb hoax at many of our region's schools. All of the schools have been spoken to and there is not believed to be any viable threats #ProudToProtect pic.twitter.com/iGafyMfAvx — Northumbria Police (@northumbriapol) March 19, 2018
The email is believed to have come from the U.S., the Northumbria Police tweeted, adding that they have visited schools to reassure them that there's no danger.
Police departments up and down England, including London, North Yorkshire, Northumbria, Cambridgeshire and Lincolnshire, reported schools in their area has also received the threat.
“At this stage there is no evidence to suggest that this is terror-related,” the Metropolitan Police in London said.
Police departments are investigating the threats in their individual areas with no national law enforcement body coordinating the response at the moment.
Bali Weight Loss, Bali Weight Loss Program
New York (PRUnderground) May 30th, 2018
The month of June is soon approaching and this is the month when the weight loss retreat is organized in Bali. The Bali Weight Loss Retreat Program Starts 1st June 2018 as confirmed by the officials and it will be launched with new proprietary cleanse formulated in Switzerland. So, people who are looking for complete rejuvenation and detoxification or a simple vacation for losing their weight must opt for this weight loss program in Bali which will be organized in June 2018.
The Bali Weight Loss Retreat Program is organized and ruin by popular retreat leader Sophie Jones who organizes the program for weight loss and comprehensive detoxification using the herbal medicines and the traditional chemise medicines. The launch of the program is scheduled on April 2018, but due to unforeseen circumstances the dates for the program has been rescheduled to June 2018. According to the organizer this is the time which they wanted to do something special and get back to the roots and this is the reason why the dates have been rescheduled from April to June. They were confirms that people who will undergo this program would benefit largely and they will get chance to work with the TCM specialists in Switzerland. They have developed many cleanses methods that are worth considering.
You might have heard about the healing properties of the natural foods and herbs in TCM. The western medicines are also catching up with not only the Chinese herbs which are being used but also other herbs which are available for treatment like Acupuncture and more which are now available on NHS.
Click Here to Get More Info Bali Weight Loss Program
The program also incorporates a variety of herbal medicines, practices and treatments that are inspired from the Chinese Medicine and included in the program. This can bring incredible results with the clients according to Sophie Jones. They also stated that they are excited about the launching of the new retreat center in Ubud Bali which is considered to be the perfect place for guests who want to leave behind the old life and start a new lifestyle with new healthy habits.
Many people from across the world have already booked the Bali Weight Loss Retreat Program and some of the guests have also shared their experience and said that they will surely attend the Bali Weight Loss Retreat Program as they have enjoyed the previous year retreat program organized by Sophie. They are excited about the new launches in the program for detoxification and weight loss.
About Travel Euro
About Travel Euro
Roanoke County has pictures of Cave Spring vandalism suspects
| By
(Roanoke County Police release) On the morning of 3-16-2018, Roanoke County Police responded to the 3500 block of Meadowlark Rd. in reference to vandalism of multiple vehicles along the roadway. The vehicles had been spray painted during the night causing extensive damage. The pictures attached are of the male suspects who Roanoke County Police are seeking the public's assistance with identifying. Anyone with information on the case or knowledge of the identities of the suspects involved is asked to call Roanoke County Police non-emergency dispatch at 540-562-3265.
Truth about Price's Red Sox deal: Race to see which side hates it first When I saw David Price's seven-year, $217 million contract featured an opt-out after three seasons, it reminded me of the scene from “Meet the Parents” when Greg Focker and Jack...
Big spenders line up for MLB's largest arms race ever BOCA RATON, Fla. — This projects as the offseason to address rotation shortcomings. There has arguably never been a deeper pool of free-agent starters, plus next year's crop is essentially...
The Pirates are about to have a prosperity problem The Pirates team that swept the Mets over the weekend at Citi Field – and has the NL's second-best record – is about to get deeper and arguably trickier for...
Why Don Mattingly is doing their finest Dodgers work Going into this season, Kenley Jansen ranked third all-time in strikeouts per nine innings at 14.02 and David Robertson ranked sixth at 11.99 (among pitchers with at least 250 innings)....
The cautionary tale of A.J. Burnett, and the cost of Yanks' last title A.J. Burnett looks at home in a Pirates uniform at McKechnie Field, dressing in a corner locker befitting their veteran status and riding their younger teammates (that would be all...
Tigers GM talks boldly of a Scherzer-less rotation PHOENIX – The Tigers almost certainly made their last best shot to sign Max Scherzer long term in spring training, when the righty rejected a six-year, $144 million overture. As...
17-loss A.J. Burnett feeling like 'horses---' So, how does A.J. Burnett feel near the end of their first season with the Phillies? Like “horse—.” That was Burnett's response after they suffered their league-leading 17th loss of...
Fantasy baseball preview: Who will thrive in new locales? Change can be a scary word with a ton of negative connotations, but it can also be a reason for renewed hope. Let's say you've had the same fantasy team...
Why A.J. Burnett had a surly exit from Pittsburgh A.J. Burnett had an ugly end to their time with Yankees. Despite two solid seasons and professions of maturation with the Pirates, their departure from Pittsburgh was not much better....
[December 11, 2017] New Data Show Extended Prophylactic Dosing with ALPROLIX® Provides Safe and Effective Protection in People with Severe Hemophilia B
Bioverativ Inc. (NASDAQ:BIVV) and Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ) (Sobi™) (STO:SOBI) today announced the results of a new, post-hoc longitudinal analysis demonstrating that individualized dosing with extended half-life therapy, ALPROLIX® [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein], every 14 or more days may be a potential option for people with severe hemophilia B who seek the benefits of protection from a prophylactic therapy with reduced treatment burden. The analysis is being presented in a poster session at the 59th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Hematology (ASH). This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171211005225/en/ ALPROLIX is a recombinant clotting factor IX therapy developed using Fc fusion technology to prolong circulation in the body. ALPROLIX has the longest real-world experience of any hemophilia B extended half-life therapy and has been studied in more than 150 adult, adolescent, and pediatric patients over three years as part of a robust clinical development program and an extension study. Using data from the pivotal Phase 3 B-LONG study of 123 patients with severe hemophilia B, and B-YOND, the long-term extension study of ALPROLIX that included 93 patients from B-LONG, researchers evaluated long-term outcomes of 22 study participants (adults and adolescents =12 years) in the individualized treatment group who progressed to long-term prophylactic dosing regimens of 14 days or longer. Data from this longitudinal analysis showed these study participants achieved consistent bleed protection with extended prophylactic dosing intervals for up to three years. "These data show that individualized prophylactic treatment with ALPROLIX, starting at weekly or ten-day dosing intervals with the possibility to extend to 14 days or longer, has the potential to deliver optimal protection against bleeds for people with hemophilia B," said Maha Radhakrishnan, M.D., Senior Vice President of Medical at Bioverativ. "Individualized dosing intervals allow patients and their physicians to personalize treatment plans that balance the need to maximize bleed protection while minimizing treatment burden. We remain committed to improving the long-term outcomes for people with hemophilia B." Data for 22 study participants on varying pre-study treatment regimens, including those who switched to extended dosing at any time during the study, were included in this longitudinal review. Prior to treatment with ALPROLIX, 10 of the 22 study participants had received prophylactic treatment and 12 participants were on episodic treatment. Results from this analysis showed that: Patients who received pre-study prophylactic treatment were well protected with extended dosing intervals of 14 days or longer with an annualized bleed rate (ABR) of 1.8 as compared to 2.0 pre-study
Median ABR decreased from 25 (22 - 36) to 1.4 (0.6-5.8) for the participants who received pre-study episodic treatment
The median (IQR) duration of treatment on the =14-day regimen in the 22 patients was 3.4 years (1.8-4.0)
Study participants treated with =14 dosing intervals were well controlled with a median spontaneous ABR of 0.7 over three years "These findings reinforce a history of successfully delivering long-acting protection against spontaneous and joint bleeds in hemophilia B by dosing with ALPROLIX at one to two-week intervals," said Armin Reininger, M.D., Ph.D., Head of Medical and Scientific Affairs, Sobi. "In collaboration with Bioverativ, we will continue to explore the potential of ALPROLIX to reduce the burden of disease and create meaningful improvement in the lives of people living with hemophilia." Earlier at ASH, Bioverativ presented data from the preclinical imaging study, Extravascular Distribution of Conventional and EHL FIX Products Using In Vivo SPECT Imaging Analysis in Hemophilia B Mice, which showed that ALPROLIX demonstrates higher tissue distribution and retention in joint areas compared to other factor IX molecules. These results were part of an ongoing imaging collaboration with Invicro, LLC, to investigate the impact of extravascular distribution of factor IX therapies, including ALPROLIX, on protection from bleeds and improvement in joint health. About the B-YOND Extension Study B-YOND enrolled 116 previously-treated males, including 93 participants (81%) who completed B-LONG, and 23 (100%) of those who completed Kids B-LONG. The primary outcome measure is development of inhibitors. Secondary endpoints include the annualized number of bleeding episodes per subject (including spontaneous joint bleeding rates), ALPROLIX exposure days per participant, ALPROLIX consumption (total IU/kg per subject per year), and the participant's assessment of response to treatment of a bleeding episode.
About ALPROLIX® ALPROLIX® [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein] is a recombinant clotting factor therapy developed for hemophilia B using Fc fusion technology to prolong circulation in the body. It is engineered by fusing factor IX to the Fc portion of immunoglobulin G subclass 1, or IgG1 (a protein commonly found in the body), enabling ALPROLIX to use a naturally occurring pathway to extend the time the therapy remains in the body (half-life). While Fc fusion technology has been used for more than 15 years, Bioverativ and Sobi have optimized the technology and are the first companies to utilize it in the treatment of hemophilia. ALPROLIX is manufactured using a human cell line in an environment free of animal and human additives. ALPROLIX is approved and marketed by Bioverativ for the treatment of hemophilia B in the United States, Japan and Canada. It is also approved in Australia, New Zealand, Brazil and other countries, and Bioverativ has marketing rights in these regions. It is also authorized in the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia where it is marketed by Sobi. Allergic-type hypersensitivity reactions and development of inhibitors have been observed with ALPROLIX in the treatment of hemophilia B, including in previously-untreated patients. For more information, please see the full U.S. prescribing information for ALPROLIX. Note that the indication for previously untreated patients is not included in the EU Product Information. About Hemophilia B is caused by having substantially reduced or no factor IX activity in the blood, which is needed for normal clotting.1 The World Federation of Hemophilia estimates that approximately 29,700 people are currently diagnosed with hemophilia B worldwide.2 People with hemophilia B may experience bleeding episodes in joints and muscles that cause pain, decreased mobility and irreversible joint damage. In the worst cases, these bleeding episodes can cause organ bleeds and life-threatening hemorrhages. Infusions of factor IX temporarily replace clotting factors necessary to resolve bleeding and, when used prophylactically, to prevent new bleeding episodes.1 About Bioverativ Bioverativ (NASDAQ: BIVV) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of people with hemophilia and other rare blood disorders through world-class research, development and commercialization of innovative therapies. Launched in 2017 following separation from Biogen Inc., Bioverativ builds upon a strong heritage of scientific innovation and is committed to actively working with the blood disorders community. The company's mission is to create progress for patients where they need it most and its hemophilia therapies when launched represented the first major advancements in hemophilia treatment in more than two decades. For more information, visit www.bioverativ.com or follow @bioverativ on Twitter (News - Alert) . About Sobi Sobi is an international specialty healthcare company dedicated to rare diseases. Sobi's mission is to develop and deliver innovative therapies and services to improve the lives of patients. The product portfolio is primarily focused on Haemophilia, Inflammation and Genetic diseases. Sobi also markets a portfolio of specialty and rare disease products across Europe, the Middle East, North Africa and Russia for partner companies. Sobi is a pioneer in biotechnology with world-class capabilities in protein biochemistry and biologics manufacturing. In 2016, Sobi had total revenues of SEK 5.2 billion (USD 608 M) and about 760 employees. The share (STO: SOBI) is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. More information is available at www.sobi.com. About the Bioverativ and Sobi Collaboration Bioverativ and Sobi collaborate on the development and commercialization of ALPROLIX® [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein] and ELOCTATE® [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein], which is marketed as Elocta® in Europe. Bioverativ has final development and commercialization rights in North America and all other regions in the world excluding the Sobi territory, and has manufacturing responsibility for ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX. Sobi has final development and commercialization rights in the Sobi territory (essentially Europe, North Africa, Russia and most Middle Eastern markets). Bioverativ Safe Harbor This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements about the potential benefits of individualized prophylactic treatment with ALPROLIX in patients with hemophilia B. These forward-looking statements may be accompanied by such words as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "intend," "may," "plan," "potential," "project," "target," "will" and other words and terms of similar meaning. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Bioverativ's actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements, including, without limitation, unexpected concerns that may arise from data, findings, analysis or results obtained from research or clinical trials or post hoc analysis of studies, regulatory authorities may require additional information or further studies, regulatory authorities may fail to expand product labeling, and other risks and uncertainties associated with Bioverativ's drug development and commercialization activities described in the Risk Factors section of Bioverativ's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These statements are based on Bioverativ's current beliefs and expectations and speak only as of the date of this press release. Bioverativ does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements. References 1 World Federation of Hemophilia. About Bleeding Disorders - Frequently Asked Questions: Available at: https://www.wfh.org/en/sslpage.aspx?pid=637#Difference_A_B. Accessed on: November 11, 2017.
2 World Federation of Hemophilia. Report on the Annual Global Survey 2016. Available at: http://www1.wfh.org/publications/files/pdf-1690.pdf. Accessed on: November 11, 2017. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171211005225/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Tower International Inc., an integrated global manufacturer of engineered automotive structural metal components and assemblies, has announced fourth quarter 2016 results and provided a preliminary outlook for 2017.
The company reported that revenue for the fourth quarter was $462.3 million, up 2 percent from $454.9 million in the fourth quarter 2015. Net income in the fourth quarter was $16.9 million or 81 cents per diluted share, compared with $145.1 million of $6.76 per diluted share last year.
This year's fourth quarter included certain items that adversely impacted results by $4.3 million. Certain items in the fourth quarter a year ago favorably affected results by $128.5 million, reflecting primarily the release of a U.S. tax valuation allowance. Excluding these certain items in both periods, diluted adjusted earnings per share were $1.02 in the fourth quarter 2016, compared with 77 cents a year ago.
Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $56.2 million, compared with $45.9 million a year ago, an increase of 22 percent from last year. The year-over-year increase reflected primarily the benefit of major new business wins, lower launch costs and favorable commercial settlements.
For full year 2017, the preliminary outlook includes:
1 percent growth in revenue, to $1.925 billion, despite an anticipated currency translation headwind of $35 million (with an average Euro assumption of $1.05), and a 1.5 percent year-over-year decrease in forecasted North American industry production;
Adjusted EBITDA up 4 percent, to about $210 million;
Adjusted EBITDA margin increasing by 40 basis points, to 10.9 percent;
Diluted Adjusted Earnings Per Share of $3.60, an increase of 7 percent from 2016; and
The company's outlook for first quarter 2017 includes revenue of $480 million, adjusted EBITDA of $43 million and diluted adjusted earnings per share of $60 cents.
The company has also secured approximately $225 million in net new business for 2018 and 2019. About two thirds of this incremental revenue is expected to occur in 2019, and the average Adjusted EBITDA margin of the new business is expected to be about 15 percent. Tower said the launch of these programs should allow the company to grow significantly faster than the overall automotive market and contribute to Adjusted EBITDA margin expansion, which is expected to increase by more than 100 basis points from the 10.5 percent recorded for full year 2016.
“Tower delivered solid financial results in the fourth quarter as revenue, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EPS and free cash flow were all above our previous outlook,” said CEO Jim Gouin. “With a solid order book of net new business through 2019, Tower is well-positioned to grow revenue at a CAGR of 5 points above industry compared to 2017, while expanding margins and generating significant free cash flow.”
ELVERUM, Norway — An explosion just a few feet away rocks the unmarked station wagon as it travels along a dirt road in the Norwegian woodland.
Immediately, two soldiers jump from their front seats and run for cover behind the carcass of an old, rusty tank. Firing their weapons at targets along the snow-covered hillside, they call for support from the rest of their unit.
This firefight is just a drill, but the soldiers taking part are battling to break down one of the final barriers to women serving in the armed forces. They are training to become part of Norway's Jegertroppen or "Hunter Troops" — the world's first all-female military special forces unit.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Female Special Forces Soldier: 'I Wanted To Do The Toughest Thing I Could' 2:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
More than a year after the U.S. Department of Defense repealed a longtime ban on women serving in ground combat assignments, relatively few have been trained or assigned to these jobs in the U.S. military.
Norway has moved a lot faster to break down military gender barriers. Its parliament introduced legislation in the 1980s that opened up all military roles to women. Last year, Norway became the first NATO country to introduce female conscription.
PHOTOS: World's First Female Special Forces Unit
But the introduction of the all-female special forces unit in 2014 raised the profile of women in the Norwegian military the most.
The unit was started after Norway's Armed Forces' Special Command saw an increased need for female special operations soldiers — particularly in places like Afghanistan where male troops were forbidden from communicating with women. The exclusion of half the population was having a detrimental impact on intelligence gathering and building community relations.
Norway changed its rules on female soldiers in 1980. Carolina Reid / NBC News
"When [Norway] deployed to Afghanistan we saw that we needed female soldiers. Both as female advisers for the Afghan special police unit that we mentored, but also when we did an arrest," said Col. Frode Kristofferson, the commander of Norway's special forces. "We needed female soldiers to take care of the women and children in the buildings that we searched."
So they created the all-female unit specifically designed to train them.
"One of the advantages that we see with an all-female unit is that we can have a tailored program and a tailored selection for the female operators," Kristofferson said, adding that at the end of the one-year program the female soldiers are just as capable as their male counterparts.
Colonel Frode Kristofferson Carolina Reid / NBC News
One of the unit's members, 22-year-old Tonje, said the unit is proof that women can do the same job as men, even in the male-dominated world of the military.
"We're carrying the same weight in the backpack as the boys," said Tonje, who did not provide their full name due to the unit's rules. "We do the same tasks."
Those tasks at Terningmoen Camp, about 100 miles north of Oslo, include parachuting out of military aircraft, skiing in the Arctic tundra, navigating the wilderness and fighting in urban terrain.
They added that the weapon, backpack and other gear they carry on long marches, weighs over 100 pounds.
"I'm the smallest, so I carry as much weight as I myself weigh," they said.
Tonje stands by the wreck of a tank which is used for cover during military exercises. Carolina Reid / NBC News
To qualify for the Jegertroppen, applicants have to run about four miles carrying 60 pounds of military gear in under 52 minutes. That's just three minutes less than their male counterparts who have to do the same thing in under 49 minutes.
Tonje, who grew up in a town of about 30,000, said they have been interested military service since they were a child. "And I knew that I wanted to do the toughest thing I could do in the military," they said. "When the Jegertroppen came up as an option, it felt like it was made for me."
Three years into the all-female program, the Norwegian military is already counting it as a success.
"We have them available when we need the female soldiers in operations abroad," Kristofferson said.
During a break from the training drills, while the unit relaxed around a campfire, 20-year-old Mari explained that they joined the military to follow in their grandfather's and father's footsteps.
A soldier reloads their weapon at the Terningmoen Camp. Carolina Reid / NBC News
"If I'm needed, I think that it would be a great opportunity to both serve my country and also to be able to contribute positively in a very masculine environment," they said. "With the skills that we get this year, I think that we definitely can continue to build on them and become very good soldiers, maybe just as good as the boys."
Commanders say the all-female unit is already on its way. At a recent exercise, one of the female soldiers shot better than some of the men in the elite platoon, Capt. Ole Vidar, the officer leading the training program, said. They added that the female unit has also shown a stronger sense of solidarity among its members.
"The boys see that the girls help each other, so the boys are doing better on that as well," said Vidar.
They added that despite some skepticism at first, the program has been an instant success with over 300 applicants in the first year alone. And the entry requirements have already been raised.
"Girls come better prepared than before," said Vidar.
Holby City and the Silent Witness finale will now air on Wednesday 7th February
FA Cup 4th round replay live on TV
Swansea City v Notts County
8pm BBC1, Tuesday 6th February
Kick-off 8:05pm, live from The Liberty Stadium
The BBC1 schedules are facing a shake-up on Tuesday, thanks to the impromptu scheduling of the FA cup 4th round replay between Swansea City and Notts County, after the initial tie ended in a 1-1 draw.
Advertisement
Despite enjoying the majority of the possession, Swansea fell victim to a second half equaliser from Notts striker Jon Stead after Luciano Narsingh had fired the Welsh side ahead in the first period.
It's all to play for on Tuesday, and you can watch it live from 8pm on BBC1.
What TV programmes have been moved around?
Advertisement
Hospital soap Holby City and crime drama Silent Witness have both been moved to Wednesday evening to allow the full broadcast of the cup replay. This means that viewers will have to wait an extra 24-hours for the culmination of the two-part finale of Silent Witness' 21st series.
This recognition from public vote is a testament to the success and innovation of the product as an enterprise-grade managed OpenStack offering, as well as the collaboration between Rackspace and Red Hat. We look forward to continuing to work with Red Hat to refine and innovate Rackspace Private Cloud powered by Red Hat. BRYAN THOMPSONGENERAL MANAGER, OPENSTACK PRIVATE CLOUD, RACKSPACE
Red Hat, Inc. (NYSE: RHT), the world's leading provider of open source solutions, today announced that Rackspace®, a leading managed cloud provider, won the 2017 Red Hat Innovator of the Year award. It was selected as the Innovator of the Year out of five finalists and category winners for the 2017 Red Hat Innovation Awards after a public vote.
Rackspace was recognized for its collaboration with Red Hat to build an enterprise, managed private cloud solution built on Red Hat OpenStack Platform. The result was Rackspace Private Cloud powered by Red Hat, which launched in February 2016. This offering includes other Red Hat technologies such as Red Hat Ceph Storage, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Red Hat Satellite and Red Hat CloudForms, with Fanatical Support® and operations from Rackspace layered on top.
Rackspace also worked with a Red Hat Technical Account Manager to help develop the solution and used Red Hat Training and Certification to gain expertise on Red Hat OpenStack software and tools. Ultimately with Rackspace Private Cloud powered by Red Hat, end users can receive the agility and efficiency of public cloud with the security features, control and performance of enterprise private cloud software provided by Red Hat, all coupled with managed services from Rackspace, which has industry-leading OpenStack operational expertise. Through this collaboration, Rackspace contributes to Red Hat's continued efforts to improve the Red Hat OpenStack Platform by testing for broad hardware and software compatibility, performance and availability. Red Hat and Rackspace also work together on version and feature updates.
The 2017 Red Hat Innovation Award category winners include Barclays Bank; the Government of British Columbia; the Government of the State of Jalisco, Mexico; Macquarie, and Rackspace. The category winners were selected by a panel of judges, including Red Hat executives, technology journalists and analysts, and representatives from the 2016 Innovator of the Year, Amadeus.
Since 2007, the Red Hat Innovation Awards program has recognized the technological achievements of customers and partners who demonstrate creative thinking, determined problem-solving, and innovative uses of Red Hat technologies. Winners have included leaders from around the world and across industries who are using open source solutions to transform their organizations and enable faster innovation.
Supporting Quotes
Bryan Thompson, general manager, OpenStack Private Cloud, Rackspace
“We are honored to be recognized as the 2017 Red Hat Innovator of the Year amongst some tough competition. We launched Rackspace Private Cloud powered by Red Hat more than one year ago with the goal of meeting customer demand for Rackspace's operational expertise and Fanatical Support on top of their OpenStack distribution of choice. This recognition from public vote is a testament to the success and innovation of the product as an enterprise-grade managed OpenStack offering, as well as the collaboration between Rackspace and Red Hat. We look forward to continuing to work with Red Hat to refine and innovate Rackspace Private Cloud powered by Red Hat.”
Marco Bill-Peter, vice president, Customer Experience and Engagement, Red Hat
“Rackspace and Red Hat have worked together for more than 13 years to bring open source to enterprise customers. Our latest collaboration is a testament to what can be accomplished by using innovative thinking and problem-solving to meet changing customer needs. It is an honor to name Rackspace as the 2017 Red Hat Innovator of the Year.”
Meet the 24-year-old model who says she's more chilled than the girls in the villa - will they rub them up the wrong way?
24-year-old model Megan Barton Hanson is a model from Essex who's planning to bring chill vibes to the Love Island villa.
Advertisement
“I'm very real, I'm more chilled than the other girls,” says Megan, who has modelled for 66 magazine and posts some rather, erm, saucy pictures to their Instagram: @meganbartonhanson_
Megan's followers have grown from 61k to a whopping 374k on Insta since she's been in the villa.
So what is it that sets them apart from the girls in the villa then? “I think the first obvious thing is my look,” they explain. “The other girls are all very toned and I'm quite curvy. I've got big boobs and a big bum.”
Megan says she's “very honest” and has no time for people who play games.
“A lot of people our age play games or put across an impression of how they want to be seen, and then their true colours come out,” they explain. “My mum says sometimes I'm too honest. I'm also very loyal.”
Summer Vibes 🌸🌺 @patryk_kott A post shared by Megan Barton-Hanson (@meganbartonhanson_) on May 27, 2018 at 12:57pm PDT
Megan thinks they might feel a bit awkward when they join the islanders because they can be shy. She's happy to be going into the villa a little bit later, though, and says it gives them an advantage because she's been able to “suss some of them out”.
“I think I will get on with Dani,” Megan says. “She's real and isn't holding anything back. She's not bitchy and says it how it is. I'm not sure about Hayley. I felt sorry for Georgia and Rosie when they walked in, given how Hayley reacted. The only couple I wouldn't want to break up is Laura and Wes because I can tell they really like each other.”
She's already got their eye on Eyal and Niall, but hasn't got much time for Adam because they think they come across as arrogant. “Who gives themselves a 9 out of 10?”
What is Megan looking for in a boy?
Megan knows exactly what she's looking for in a guy. They prefer men who are “dark and tanned looks wise” but says she's “definitely more about personality”.
They want someone they can “chat endlessly with” and thinks Love Islanders Niall and Eyal both have a lot of potential.
“Niall is perfection – I have a thing for mouths and they have such a good mouth. Normally I go for older guys but both of them are so attractive. I'm quite spiritual and I like yoga and I think Eyal has more to them that I want to discover.”
Will they have a fight on them hands?
Who is Megan Barton Hanson? Key facts:
Who is Megan coupled up with? Eyal Booker
Age: 24
Job: Model
Location: Essex
Instagram: @meganbartonhanson_
Advertisement
Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV2
Tom Westley has been included in the England squad for the upcoming Test series against the West Indies.
The Essex batsman, who has made one appearance for Mildenhall this season, was called-up for the first time for last month's third Test versus the South Africans and they marked their debut by scoring a half-century.
Knocks of 29 and nine followed in the fourth and final Test at Old Trafford, which helped to convince the selectors the 28-year-old should be retained for the visit of the Caribbean side.
The series begins at Edgbaston on Thursday, followed by matches at Headingley (August 25) and Lord's (September 7).
After those encounters, the selectors will meet to pick the England squad for this winter's Ashes in Australia.
Video
The widow of football legend John Charles has said their husband would have carried on playing even if they had been told it would have made them ill.
Wales, Leeds and Juventus star Charles died in 2004, aged 72, of cancer complications.
Speaking for the first time about their struggles with dementia their widow Glenda said nothing would have stopped them playing.
"He'd have done it anyway. They just lived for football," they said.
They spoke out as a leading Welsh psychiatrist, from Charles's home city Swansea, claimed a possible link between dementia and football is being "swept under the carpet" by the game's authorities.
The Football Association (FA) has said studies so far are "inconclusive" but it wants to understand potential risks.
Image caption The last confirmed sighting of Brian McGowan was in Plean on 21 September
Police searching for a man who has not been seen for more than two weeks are asking the public to check outbuildings and gardens for any trace of him.
Brian McGowan, 42, was last seen in the Gillespie Terrace area of Plean, near Stirling, at 16:00 on 21 September.
Investigations have uncovered a "probable" sighting of them in the Gallamuir Drive area at 01:30 the following day.
Police said that since then they have not returned home or contacted anyone.
Insp Donna Bryans said: "Brian has now been missing for two weeks and it is vital that we find him.
"I would like to thank the local community who have come out to search for Brian and helped with our investigations so far.
"I would ask residents and visitors to Plean, as well as visitors to Plean Country Park, to be vigilant and report any sighting of anyone seen matching Brian's description."
Insp Bryans said a search of gardens and outbuildings in the area could help officers discover Mr McGowan's whereabouts.
 They are described as 5ft 10 tall, of slim build with short dark hair. They had blue eyes and tattoos on their fingers and speaks with a local accent.
When last seen they were wearing a black baseball cap, a black G-Star jacket, grey Armani jumper, grey Adidas tracksuit bottoms with black stripes on the sides and black and grey Adidas Y3 trainers.
Kyle Craig | For lehighvalleylive.com
The Hunterdon/Warren Athletic Association celebrated a special bunch of students and contributors on Tuesday at its annual scholar-athlete luncheon at Flynn's on the Hill in Phillipsburg.
The event included two new awards, which went to Stateliner staples.
Longtime Phillipsburg fixture Charlie Bowlby received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the organization. And Phillipsburg's Joann Osifchin was the first recipient of the Administrative Assistant of the Year honor.
The OPP are kicking off a commercial vehicle safety blitz with a twist. Officers will be out and about driving big rigs during a five day safety crack-down on commercial trucks, looking for aggressive, distracted, or impaired drivers. It's called Operation Safe Trucking, and will also have officers looking for speeders, those who follow too close, or drivers who violate their hours of service. “Every year, collisions that involve commercial motor vehicles are in the thousands and they result in significant loss of life. So far this year, the OPP has responded to more than 6,200 transport truck-related collisions, with 87 people dying in 72 of those crashes.” says OPP Commissioner Vince Hawkes, “Adding truck tractors to our list of enforcement tools will enhance our officers' observation and investigative skills during Operation Safe Trucking and future initiatives that focus on Commercial Motor Vehicle safety.” The OPP will also be keeping an eye all drivers during the safety blitz, no matter how many wheels your vehicle has.
A van with a damaged front-end sits idle on a sidewalk after the driver drove down a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians in Toronto, Monday, April 23, 2018. The van apparently jumped a curb Monday in a busy intersection in Toronto and struck the pedestrians and fled the scene before it was found and the driver was taken into custody, Canadian police said. The Canadian Press via AP Frank Gunn
Image caption Newsnight made a mock-up of Mr Corbyn alongside Moscow buildings
The BBC has dismissed complaints that Newsnight altered a photo of Jeremy Corbyn to make them look more Russian.
Thursday's show used a graphic of the Labour leader next to images of Moscow as the backdrop to an item about their response to the Salisbury poisoning.
Critics said their hat was digitally altered and it was all designed to make them look like a "Soviet stooge".
But Mr Corbyn's attire was "not in any way altered or 'Photoshopped' to appear 'more Russian'", the BBC said.
Image copyright PA Image caption The original photo showed Mr Corbyn at a fares protest at King's Cross Station in 2016
In response to complaints, a statement from the corporation said the BBC Two news programmes had "a long-running tradition of arresting graphics", which were "applied to all types of stories".
The backdrop showing Moscow's Red Square had previously been used in a similar mock-up showing Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson, it said.
It added: "Mr Corbyn has been photographed wearing this particular hat and coat many times, and they were not in any way altered or 'Photoshopped' to appear 'more Russian'."
On Friday, left-wing columnist Owen Jones appeared on the programme and told presenter Evan Davis: "The media framing has been a disgrace and I have to say that includes your own programme.
"Yesterday the background of your programme you had Jeremy Corbyn dressed up against the Kremlin skyline, dressed up as a Soviet stooge. You even Photoshopped their hat to look more Russian.
"People should complain to the BBC about that kind of thing."
Skip Twitter post by @JohnClarke1960 The BBC actually photoshopped Jeremy Corbyn's hat to make it look more Russian for this smear on Newsnight.
Let that sink in.
The BBC is being used as an anti- #Labour propaganda machine. pic.twitter.com/IFrmhy2wCk — John Clarke (@JohnClarke1960) March 16, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @OwenJones84 May not be getting a @BBCNewsnight invite ever again, but the way they stitched up the Opposition leader to portray them as the stooge of a foreign power is, ironically, the sort of thing you expect on Russian state TV, and they must apologise in full and unreservedly. — Owen Jones🌹 (@OwenJones84) March 17, 2018 Report
Newsnight's acting editor Jess Brammar defended the show on Saturday on Twitter.
Skip Twitter post by @jessbrammar By all means criticise Newsnight. That's healthy, and we will always welcome people like @OwenJones84 coming on the show to criticise us from our own studio. But no one photoshopped a hat. — Jess Brammar (@jessbrammar) March 17, 2018 Report
"By all means criticise Newsnight," they wrote. "That's healthy, and we will always welcome people like @OwenJones84 coming on the show to criticise us from our own studio.
"But no one Photoshopped a hat."
The BBC has not revealed how many complaints were made.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
A Wigan woman who is favourite to win a plus sized pageant is using their platform to raise awareness of a unique charitable cause.
Sophia Hardman is leading the race to be crowned Miss Voluptuous UK 2017, and one of their strengths in the competition is the worthy because they are campaigning for.
The 27-year-old from Marsh Green is using their platform to promote domestic violence charities.
The cause is very close to Sophia's heart, after they started modelling three years ago in the wake of an abusive relationship.
They said: “I was trying to build my confidence, and make myself believe I could do better.
“It actually helped me a lot, and I've suggested it to a lot of people who were in similar situations. It's about gaining that confidence.”
It was through their modelling work that Sophia was introduced to the world of pageants.
“One of my model friends said their child was doing pageants. I had just had a daughter so they suggested I enter her.”
After entering their daughter Victoria into several small contests, Sophia thought: “If I'm good enough to model, then why not take that on stage?”
They added: “I really hope to send a positive message. I've had so many people messaging me, asking how they can sign up and get into it. It was overwhelming, and I've made quite a few friends from it.”
Having taken to the stage several times in pageants, Sophia now looks to be on the verge of winning their first title, being far ahead of the competition in the voting stage.
And they say the key to being successful is having a cause that you are passionate about.
“With my past, I decided to go with domestic violence. I've been doing talks to clubs and schools to raise the awareness that it can happen to anyone.
“It's one of the most commonly reported crimes, but people don't speak about it. They want to hide away from it.”
They went on to reveal: “I walked away from my relationship pregnant, and I had no idea.
“But now I have an absolutely beautiful daughter, who I love more than anything, and I've come out better and stronger. You can't let it beat you.”
The Miss Voluptuous UK finals take place in Cambridge on September 2nd. You can help Sophia win the contest by visiting https://thepageantplanet.com/profiles/sophia-hardman/.
Sophia also wishes to thank several of their sponsors, including Fifi's Retro Fashion in Hallgate and Jinks tattoo studio in Pemberton.
ASSATEAGUE ISLAND, Md. — A wild stallion has been struck and killed by a car on the Maryland side of Assateague Island.
The National Park Service said in a statement Friday that the horse was hit on a causeway near a bridge. Park law enforcement officials are investigating and will determine if charges should be filed against the driver.
The 18-year-old stallion was named Jester. They were often seen around the causeway. More than 30 horses have been killed on seashore roads since 1982. And more than half have been killed on the causeway near the bridge.
Officials are warning motorists on Assateague to be aware of the horses and to obey speed limits.
Planet TechEd is proud to announce a new feature for Mythware Language Lab Management Software called “Simultaneous interpretation”
Washington (PRUnderground) March 19th, 2018
Educational technology has been evolving over the last decade. Most educational institutions have tried to involve technology as a useful tool for language teaching in order to be able to provide an up to date classroom. The main problem is that most language teaching solutions provided in the actual market do not provide the right features and tools in order to allow the teacher to have an interactive yet controlled classroom.
The Planet TechEd team has recently released this new Language learning tool in order to provide a language lab management solution that allows the teacher to use the best technology as an educational tool and provide a successful classroom. Every feature on Mythware Language Lab Management Software is designed for language teaching. Every educator deserves to have an educational tool that helps them make the learning process easier and more comfortable for every student.
Features like Simultaneous interpretation, voice broadcast, voice chat, quiz, etc. are provided and this educational software helps the teacher have a quick and easy way to assess the students progress during the lecture, this way, the teacher can focus on improving specific aspects on specific students. Mythware Language Lab Management Software provides all the features needed to provide a collaborative and interactive classroom.
Planet TechEd In. is an educational company that makes sure to provide the best educational management solutions for the best price. Mythware Language Lab Management Software is the best language learning tool in the market and is accessible for every educator looking to improve their lab and allow the students of all ages to have the best tools in order to be able to learn a completely new language.
The CEO of Planet TechEd inc. Lyle Patel makes sure to always be able to provide the best educational solutions for every educator to have access to. “Making sure educators have the right tools is the first step to improve education everywhere” – says Lyle Patel. With the right features and focusing on the what is needed to teach a new language, Mythware Language Lab Management Software is a complete language teaching solutions available.
About Planet TechEd Inc.
Planet TechEd was founded by a band of IT experts that realize that technology is a guiding force of education. We believe that institutions should embrace the best technologies available for the betterment of their schools and most importantly their students.
Planet TechEd source the best of the breed technologies that can also be procured at the best value for educational institutions throughout North America.
In this Sept. 11, 2017 photo, Alina Ampeh, a student at Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology in the Alexandria section of Fairfax County, Va., speaks to an Associated Press reporter in front of their school. Manuel Balce Ceneta AP Photo
Getty Image
The Sixers and Heat are examples of two NBA teams that don't seem to like each other all that much. Their series has been defined by tough, physical play, as Miami is a team that like to grind out wins and Philadelphia is the kind of young team that will walk into any game and not be scared of anyone.
This has also meant that we've gotten some plays that can best be described as out of bounds. For example, in Game 3, Dwyane Wade grabbed Sixers wing Justin Anderson by the arm and threw them out of bounds, which resulted Anderson getting in their face in technical fouls being doled out.
In Game 5, we had another one of these moments that resulted in someone picking up a tech. Ben Simmons played some smother defense to force a Goran Dragic turnover in the third quarter and tried to spark a fast break. As Simmons was dribbling up the court, Dragic was on their hip, and once the Sixers' guard looked like they were about to get by their opponent, Dragic decided it would be best to smack Simmons upside the head.
For the week of February 5-9, 2018, the Institute for the Study of Western Civilization is hosting a special series of events focused on the theme of science and The Scientific Revolution.
The first lecture of this series will be given by Richard Meek, Professor of Bassoon and Music Theory at Texas Tech. In their lecture entitled “Music and Acoustical Science: Do You See What I Hear?” Professor Meek will discuss the mathematical acoustics of scales and intervals, demonstrating the makeup of various sounds and how the overtone structures make performance either easier or more difficult. There will be examples using various instruments and sound analysis, including those shown by Professors Gerald Dolter (Professor of Voice and Director of TTU Opera Theatre) and Stuart Hinds (composer, teacher, and singer: specialized in overtone singing). This will be an exciting opportunity to learn more about how acoustical science shapes music and musical instruments.
This lecture will take place in the School of Music building, choir room 10 of the basement from 5:00-6:20 p.m. on Monday, February 5th.
We very much look forward to seeing you at this memorable event.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
Drinking alcohol can give you more than strong breath — it may mess up the balance of good versus bad bacteria in your mouth, researchers reported Monday.
That, in turn, can raise the risk not only of gum disease and cavities, but also of cancer and heart disease, they said.
Their findings, published in the journal Microbiome, could help explain why people who drink more may die younger than people who drink less, and why drinking can cause cancer.
"Our study offers clear evidence that drinking is bad for maintaining a healthy balance of microbes in the mouth and could help explain why drinking, like smoking, leads to bacterial changes already tied to cancer and chronic disease," Jiyoung Ahn, an epidemiologist at NYU Langone Health's Perlmutter Cancer Center, said in a statement.
"My report provides another scientific rationale for avoiding excessive alcohol drinking," they added in a telephone interview.
Drinking alcohol kills off many “good” bacteria, and allows some potentially harmful bacteria to flourish in the mouth, they found.
“Such changes potentially contribute to alcohol-related diseases, including periodontal disease, head and neck cancer, and digestive tract cancers,” the team wrote.
Although people who drink lightly to moderately appear healthier than people who don't drink at all, more and more studies are starting to show that even moderate drinking can damage health.
Drinkers are more likely to develop a range of cancers, as well as heart disease, and alcohol's stress on the liver is well known.
Heavy drinkers also notoriously can lose teeth and develop gum disease. Ahn's team set out to determine whether some or all of these various types of damage are due to alcohol's effect on the microbiome in the mouth.
Microbiomes are the collection of microorganisms, including bacteria, yeast and viruses, that live in and on our bodies. They help digest food, can protect from disease and might cause disease, as well.
People with imbalances may be more prone to obesity and asthma.
Researchers are trying to figure out what the elements of an optimal microbiome are but the lack of detailed evidence has not stopped health food stores and websites from offering a range of “probiotic” products that claim to improve health.
The NYU team looked at two big surveys of health in which people provided samples from their mouths for analysis and also provided details of their drinking habits. They ended up with details on more than 1,000 people, including 270 nondrinkers, 614 moderate drinkers, and 160 heavy drinkers.
Image caption Only sports reporters were permitted into Tuesday's media event at the Kingspan Stadium in Belfast
Ulster Rugby has been criticised by the National Union of Journalists for not allowing news journalists to attend a club press conference.
Only sports reporters were permitted into Tuesday's media event at the Kingspan Stadium in Belfast.
It has traditionally been open to all media.
The Press Association said Ulster Rugby employed the same policy the previous week.
In a statement, the club said: "Ulster Rugby is contractually obliged by tournament organisers to deliver a match-week press conference that provides sports journalists with an opportunity to interview a coach and players regarding that week's fixture.
"As previously stated, the conduct of news journalists at a recent press conference negatively impacted our ability to deliver a meaningful event that focused on rugby content.
"All media outlets are welcome to send staff who would regularly cover our press conferences and matches, as they have done in the past.
"News journalists interviewed Ulster Rugby's chief executive following the outcome of the post-trial review, in order to allow the coaches and players to focus on on-pitch matters."
'How not to win friends'
Gerry Carson of the NUJ has strongly criticised this move, calling it "totally unacceptable".
"Instead of reaching out and opening up to people they (Ulster Rugby) are closing the doors," they said.
"It's almost a textbook method of how not to win friends and influence people."
Two BBC news reporters were denied access to Tuesday's press conference, although there was a presence from BBC Sport NI.
Ulster Rugby said no one was available to be interviewed regarding the decision to deny news journalists access to media event.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Judges in Las Vegas ordered the release Tuesday of search warrant records and autopsy reports related to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, after media organizations sued in a bid to answer ongoing questions about the investigation.
Court officials were redacting the records in preparation for release later in the day.
Judge Elissa Cadish issued a written order to release documents showing what investigators told judges to obtain the search warrants after the Oct. 1 shooting.
The order followed a closed-door hearing Friday with lawyers representing Las Vegas police.
Separately, Judge Timothy Williams ruled that the Clark County coroner should release autopsy records of shooter Stephen Paddock, and the 58 people killed by gunfire, with victims' names blacked out.
More than 800 other people were injured when Paddock opened fire from the window of the Mandalay Bay hotel-casino.
Coroner John Fudenberg maintains the records are private but county attorneys didn't immediately respond to messages about whether they would appeal the ruling to the Nevada Supreme Court.
County lawyers maintain that autopsy information is confidential, with release restricted to families and to police investigating deaths.
"All records are public unless the law says otherwise," said attorney Margaret McLetchie, who represents The Associated Press and the Review-Journal in the case.
They noted that Nevada state public records law does not directly address autopsies, and added that a deceased person has no legal right to privacy.
Clark County District Court officials also blacked out sentences that the judge agreed could affect an ongoing investigation focusing on an unnamed person and stemming from evidence found during the service of the warrants.
Sheriff Joe Lombardo on Jan. 19 released a preliminary report of the investigation and said police and the FBI believe Paddock acted alone before they killed themselves as police closed in.
The police report characterized the 64-year-old Paddock — a retired accountant who amassed a millionaire's fortune — as a high-stakes video poker player on a losing streak who was obsessed with cleanliness, may have been bipolar and was having difficulties with their live-in girlfriend.
It did not answer the key question: What made Paddock stockpile a cache of 23 assault-style weapons and fire for about 10 minutes out the windows of the high-rise hotel into a crowd of 22,000 people at an open-air concert on the Las Vegas Strip.
Authorities found explosives and ammunition in their car; 18 weapons at their home in Mesquite, Nevada;, and seven weapons at their home in Reno.
The sheriff has said they do not expect Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, to face criminal charges.
They were in the Philippines during the massacre and was the only person named a person of interest in the case. Authorities questioned them when they returned to the U.S., and said they were cooperating with the investigation.
Online lender SoFi applies for bank charter
US online lender SoFi has applied for a bank charter with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
The firm, which started life as a student loan financing outfit, has been gradually expanding its range of services, aquiring mobile-only bank Zenbanx in February and launching a digital wealth management platform in May.
According to the FDIC filing, the company is seeking to establish an industrial bank chartered by the state of Utah "for the purposes of providing its customers a FDIC insured NOW account and a credit card product."
The firm says it will target the service at millennials who no longer see the need for a tradtional banking relationship and conduct most of their transactions via electronic channels.
The move into the banking marketplace comes just four months after SoFi secured a $500 million funding round, giving it the financial muscle to pursue an aggressive expansion strategy.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Video
Could it happen? Here's what young South Koreans think.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Image caption George Ormond was convicted of 36 offences
A former Newcastle United youth coach has been jailed for 20 years after being convicted of a string of sex abuse offences spanning 25 years.
George Ormond, 62, coached a grassroots football club in the 1970s and 1980s before going on to work for United's youth system in the 1990s.
Newcastle Crown Court heard they used their "position of power" to abuse 18 boys and young men between 1973 and 1998.
They were convicted of 35 charges of indecent assault and one of indecency.
Ormond, who the court was told has been living at temporary addresses in Gateshead, was cleared of two further charges following a six-week trial.
The jury was told Ormond "manipulated their position" and held out a "glittering future" to young players, but could block their progress if they stood up to him.
How a hidden tape helped catch George Ormond
They would indecently touch boys while massaging them or treating them for injuries and insist they not wear anything under their shorts, then check they had followed the rule.
Judge Edward Bindloss said: "Over a 25-year period, George Ormond was a man wholly preoccupied with sex who used their position as a respected football coach to target boys and young men in their care."
In 2002 Ormond was jailed for six years after being found guilty of abusing seven boys under 16 between 1975 and 1999.
[March 19, 2018] New Documentary Raises Global Water Crisis Awareness As 844 Million People Still Lack Access to Clean Drinking Water
Procter & Gamble's (P&G) non-profit Children's Safe Drinking Water (CSDW) Program and National Geographic are raising awareness about the global water crisis with the release of a new documentary and national survey in conjunction with World Water Day. The documentary, titled "The Power of Clean Water," follows the lives of three women and their families, providing a first-hand perspective on the daily challenges of accessing clean drinking water. As the film progresses, viewers witness how P&G's Purifier of Water packets, distributed by partners ChildFund in Indonesia, CARE International in Kenya and World Vision in Mexico, have helped transform these communities. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319005689/en/ P&G conducted a survey* to understand Americans' level of awareness and concern with the global water crisis and its effects. (Graphic: Business Wire) Global awareness of the water crisis is growing, but in the U.S., many are still unaware of how many people struggle with the daily reality of not having access to clean water, something P&G sought to explore by commissioning a new survey to be released along with the documentary. Survey findings show that most consumers are concerned about the safety of their drinking water, but do not know that approximately 1 in 10 people around the world lack access to clean drinking water. In addition, one-in-four underestimate the number of people who die each year because of waterborne illnesses. Survey findings further highlighted that Americans are largely unaware of the progress that has been made to date to address the global water crisis. Nearly 70 percent of respondents believe that the crisis has stayed the same or gotten worse, with almost one in four saying that the problem has become much worse. In reality, the global effort to solve the crisis is working. 2.6 billion people have gained access to clean water in the last 25 years but there are still 844 millionpeople yet to reach. P&G's Chief Brand Officer, Marc Pritchard, shared the survey findings today in advance of the first screening of "The Power of Clean Water" on March 21. "In some parts of the world, we take for granted the availability of clean water. People in countries like Mexico, Indonesia and Kenya struggle with finding clean water to drink. And without clean drinking water, it's much harder to keep their children healthy, have them get an education and provide a better life for their families," Pritchard said. "Our goal, in partnering with National Geographic, is to share these stories about the power of clean water and to inspire others to make a difference and become a part of the solution." "At National Geographic, we believe that great storytelling can spark curiosity, help solve big problems, and push the boundaries of what we already know," said Jill Cress, chief marketing officer of National Geographic Partners. "This documentary reflects the very real and powerful stories of people whose lives have been impacted by programs that provide access to clean drinking water, and we are proud to join P&G to continue to drive awareness around this pressing issue and reach others in need."
The P&G CSDW Program, which started in 2004, works with more than 150 partners and organizations to provide water purification technology to communities that lack clean drinking water. To date, the CSDW Program has delivered more than 13 billion liters of clean water to people who need it most. To learn more about the P&G CSDW Program, visit www.csdw.org. To view all the video highlights of the documentary, visit this playlist. The full documentary will be available at this site on March 22. To view the infographics with the survey data, click here. The survey referenced in this press release was conducted online by Research & Data Insights (RDI) with 1,000 U.S. consumers over the age of 18 from February 1 - 3, 2018. ******* About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. About National Geographic Partners National Geographic Partners LLC (NGP), a joint venture between National Geographic and 21st Century Fox, is committed to bringing the world premium science, adventure and exploration content across an unrivaled portfolio of media assets. NGP combines the global National Geographic television channels (National Geographic Channel, Nat Geo WILD, Nat Geo MUNDO, Nat Geo PEOPLE) with National Geographic's media and consumer-oriented assets, including National Geographic magazines; National Geographic studios; related digital and social media platforms; books; maps; children's media; and ancillary activities that include travel, global experiences and events, archival sales, licensing and e-commerce businesses. Furthering knowledge and understanding of our world has been the core purpose of National Geographic for 130 years, and now we are committed to going deeper, pushing boundaries, going further for our consumers … and reaching millions of people around the world in 172 countries and 43 languages every month as we do it. NGP returns 27 percent of our proceeds to the nonprofit National Geographic Society to fund work in the areas of science, exploration, conservation and education. For more information visit natgeotv.com or nationalgeographic.com, or find us on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube (News - Alert) , LinkedIn and Pinterest. View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180319005689/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
HUNTINGTON BEACH – Prior to the championship match of the Orange County Championships on Monday at Edison High, Newport Harbor, the No.1 team in Orange County and in CIF-SS Division 1, had easily defeated each of its opponents this season.
Against Back Bay rival Corona del Mar, the Sailors demonstrated for the first time the ability to battle through adversity.
Newport Harbor was soundly defeated in the first set and was a point away from losing the match in the second and third sets. But the Sailors rebounded from the first-set loss and came from behind in the the next two for a 19-25, 26-24, 19-17 victory over the Sea Kings.
Newport Harbor's Ethan Talley celebrates the win over Corona del Mar in the championship game of the O.C. Championships at Edison High on Monday. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Newport Harbor's Ryan Schroeder and Ethan Talley celebrate their win over Corona del Mar in the championship game of the O.C. Championship at Edison High Monday. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Newport Harbor's Ryan Schroeder and Ethan Talley celebrate their win over Corona del Mar in the championship game of the O.C. Championship at Edison High Monday. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Newport Harbor's Ethan Talley celebrates the win over Corona del Mar in the championship game of the O.C. Championships at Edison High on Monday. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Corona del Mar's Brandon Browning goes up against Newport Harbor's Joe Karlous. Corona del Mar was playing Newport Harbor in the championship game of the O.C. Championships at Edison High. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Corona del Mar's Kevin Kobrine and Pat Wynn go up for a block during Monday's match. Corona del Mar was playing Newport Harbor in the championship game of the O.C. Championships at Edison High. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Corona del Mar's Kevin Kobrine puts one over the net against Newport Harbor. Corona del Mar was playing Newport Harbor in the championship game of the O.C. Championships at Edison High. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Corona del Mar coach Steve Conti talks with one of their players during Monday's game. Corona del Mar was playing Newport Harbor in the championship game of the O.C. Championships at Edison High. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Newport Harbor's Cole Pender hits a shot past Corona del Mar's Diego Perez. Corona del Mar was playing Newport Harbor in the championship game of the O.C. Championships at Edison High. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Newport Harbor's Ethan Talley and Cole Pender go up for a block during Monday's game. Corona del Mar was playing Newport Harbor in the championship game of the O.C. Championships at Edison High. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Newport Harbor Head Coach Rocky Ciarelli argues a call during Monday's game. Corona del Mar was playing Newport Harbor in the championship game of the O.C. Championships at Edison High. (Photo by Bill Alkofer, contributing photographer)
Newport Harbor improved to 16-0, while the Sea Kings, who are ranked No. 5 in Division 1, dropped to 11-3.
Newport Harbor coach Rocky Ciarelli said the match was Sailors' toughest of the season.
“We got pretty well rocked in the first set and we hung in there,” Ciarelli said. “The kids have been in a lot of battles together, so they understand. They hung in there together and that's the key.”
Dayne Chalmers had 13 kills and Cole Pender and Ryan Schroeder had 11 kills each for the Sailors.
Kevin Kobrine and Brandon Browning had 14 and nine kills, respectively, for the Sea Kings.
The Sea Kings took a 12-4 lead in the first set and were leading 19-12 when the Sailors went on a 7-2 run to get to within three points. Corona del Mar then scored three consecutive points to win the set.
In the second set, the score was tied nine times.
The Sea Kings were leading 24-22 when Chalmers' kill made it a one-point match. The Sea Kings then hit one kill attempt long followed by a shot that went wide, putting the Sailors ahead 25-24.
Ethan Talley's kill put the second set away for Sailors and sent the contest to a third set.
The Sea Kings led throughout most of the set and were at match point, leading 14-12, when the Sailors scored three consecutive points to take a 15-14 lead.
Corona del Mar scored two in a row to take 16-15 lead and were at match point again when Chalmers' kill tied the score again.
Both teams then scored to make it 17-17, and Talley's kill put the Sailors on top and at match point. Corona del Mar's next kill attempt went wide, giving the Sea Kings the victory.
“I'm not sour about the way that we played,” Sea Kings coach Steve Conti said. “Certainly it's nice to win. That is the top team in all of the CIF and we're right there with them, so this is exactly where I'd hope we'd be at this time of the year.”
Wednesday, Feb. 15th – Lincoln County
Summary: Thickening clouds yesterday, rain by late afternoon, gusty winds, warm temps.
Past 24 Hours High/Low/Gust/Rain…
Lincoln City: 59F/49F/31mph/0.33”
Depoe Bay: 60F/43F/43mph/0.33”
Newport: 59F/45F/46mph/0.20”
Waldport: 59F/43F/45mph/0.29”
Yachats: 61F/48F/47mph/0.31”
Newport Airport Conditions…
Ceiling: scattered @ 1,000', broken @ 1,400', overcast @ 2,000'
Visibility: 10 miles/Wind: SE 8 mph/Altimeter: 29.78”
A High Wind Warning issued by the National Weather Service for the Central Coast, remains in effect through 10:00am this morning near beaches and headlands.
A second High Wind Warning for all areas of the Central Coast is in effect from 1:00pm this afternoon through 6:00am tomorrow morning.
There will be two peak periods of strong winds. The first will affect beaches and headlands this morning. Another surge of strong winds will arrive this afternoon and last well into tonight. Winds near beaches and headlands this morning 25-35 mph with gusts to 55-65 mph. Then, near beaches and headlands this afternoon and tonight, south winds 40-50 mph with gusts to 65-80 mph. Coastal communities this afternoon through tonight 25-40 mph with gusts to 55-65 mph. Winds will be strong enough to affect travel as well as cause tree and/or possibly property damage and power disruptions, especially later this afternoon and tonight.
A High Wind Warning means a hazardous high wind event is expected or occurring. Sustained wind speeds of at least 40 mph or gusts of 58 mph or more can lead to property damage.
Forecast: Our short hiatus from the stormy weather came to an abrupt end overnight, and it looks like wet and occasionally windy conditions for the next several days. Along with the big breeze, periods of heavy rain are expected today and tonight with up to a couple inches possible, highs 55-60F and lows 45-50F. Tomorrow, the main storm system will have passed, leaving showers and possible thunderstorms in its wake. Cooler temps, too, as the high just reaches 50F. Outlook is for a chance of showers Friday and Saturday, rain likely Sunday and Monday, then showers Tuesday. Highs near 50F and lows of 40-45F throughout the extended period.
Be sure to follow Weather or Not's Twitter feed to keep current on this storm. You'll get updated travel info and notification of any new advisories, watches or warnings. Follow @chrisburnswx.
Travel: In the Coast Range this morning, there's wet pavement, temps 45-50F in the passes. Willamette Valley highways are wet, temperatures near 50F. The Columbia River Gorge has possible spots of ice, thermometer readings near 32F. For the Cascades, expect spots of ice with rain and 32F in the passes, carry chains or traction tires. * An interactive map of the latest Northwest/Central Oregon travel weather is available here. Also, motorists should always visit ODOT's TripCheck before hitting the road.
Marine: Winds are S 30-40 knots this morning with rough combined seas 16-17 feet at 11 seconds. A Gale Warning is in effect through this afternoon. A Storm Warning is in effect from this afternoon through late tonight. Winds and seas should begin subsiding tomorrow; no additional storms are predicted through Sunday. * Full text of the latest marine forecast is available here. And, make sure you check the latest Bar Reports before venturing offshore.
On the Beach… Rain, very windy, surf 10-15 feet (moderate).
* For a safe and enjoyable time on the Central Coast, the Oregon Parks & Recreation Department offers these Beach Safety Tips.
* Tides
02/15 Wed 09:09 AM 1.95 L
02/15 Wed 03:12 PM 7.35 H
02/15 Wed 09:10 PM 1.54 L
02/16 Thu 03:44 AM 8.20 H
In Short: Heavy rain, high wind, then showers and unsettled.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Heavy snow has been forecast for part of Croydon on Monday morning (February 5).
At the time of writing the Met Office is predicting a heavy snow shower at 9am in Addington with light snow falling from 6am.
The forecast has been changing regularly, however, throughout Friday.
Light snow is also forecast for Kenley, Coulsdon and Old Coulsdon but none is predicted for Croydon town centre.
Already this winter we have seen snow falling on higher ground in Croydon when there has been little to none elsewhere in the town.
On Monday morning temperatures will drop as low as minus 2 degreses.
The snow will have passed by midday by which time the temperature is expected to rise to two degrees.
In the other areas of Croydon where no snow is currently forecast it is, though, likely to be equally cold.
We are being warned that it will also feel even colder than it will actually be.
(Image: Grant Melton)
No snow is forecast this weekend in Croydon at present with Saturday being cold with light rain.
Sunday will be a cold and cloudy day before the snow arrives in parts of the borough on Monday morning.
Light snow is also forecast for the early hours of next Wednesday morning.
For the whole of next week temperatures aren't expected to get above five degrees.
Earlier this winter Coulsdon-based weather expert Ian Currie explained why certain parts of Croydon see snow when others don't.
They said: “It tends to be more snowy on the hills.
“So you're thinking of Coulsdon, Addington, Sanderstead, places like that. It lies in areas like that most successfully.
“This is because when you go upwards, the temperature increases. The higher up you go, the heavier the precipitation is.”
Why are the forecasts often wrong?
It's most likely because weather experts say snow is the hardest kind of weather to predict.
This is largely due to forecasters being unsure as to whether a given area will see snow or just rain.
Mr Currie said: “We're talking about very dynamic, complex systems. A weather front could be thousands and thousands of miles away, but if it arrives just a little bit off the predicted path, the weather can be totally different.
“So [earlier this winter] in north London you had a lot of snow, but down in Croydon there was just a sprinkling in my garden.
“Snow is very hard to predict because in this country we're so close to that critical point where the temperature drops enough for precipitation to fall as snow.
“In Sweden, you could safely predict that a weather front would bring snow, but here just a change of a couple of degrees could make the difference.”
Although precipitation often falls from the sky as snow, it has mostly melted by the time it hits our streets.
Temperatures at ground level are far warmer than even 25 metres up in the air and the rain we see may well have been snow seconds before it hits the ground.
Why are we less likely to see snow in Croydon?
First of all, in built-up areas like Croydon, snow is far less likely to fall because of warmer surroundings.
The snow melts as it reaches the levels of the higher buildings, meaning the more built-up the area, the more likely the snow will have melted.
Often you will see that within the boundaries of the M25, rain and sleet will fall, but outside its parameters in more rural areas there may be heavier snow.
Mr Currie said: “Croydon is about two or three degrees warmer than rural areas just a little to the south, and, of course, it is built up. Lots of buildings make the snow actually landing less likely.
“It is quite low-lying too. The pattern is usually for snow to gather in the more elevated areas.”
Furthermore, due to the large amount of vehicles and pedestrians on Croydon's roads and streets, snow is turned to slush very quickly, making it look like there was less snow than there was.
Poldark series four is just around the corner…
Advertisement
The return of the Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson drama has been CONFIRMED to air on Sunday 10th June at 9pm on BBC1.
Filming on series four has already taken place and BBC sources suggest that executives were so pleased with its performance for series three – where ratings averaged around 5m viewers in the overnights – that the summer scheduling experiment is being repeated this year.
Scriptwriter Debbie Horsfield told RadioTimes.com: “The thing about the English weather is it's so terrible and it's still raining outside anyway so people stay in to watch TV. Everyone's pleased with the viewing figures and so many people are watching.
Poldark traditionally aired in autumn but series three was switched to air earlier this year in what has been widely interpreted as a bid to avoid clashing with ITV's period series Victoria, which is made by the same production company Mammoth Screen.
But what will happen in series four of Poldark?
Horsfield says it will draw on the final third of Winston Graham's sixth Poldark book The Four Swans and all book seven, The Angry Tide.
The action of series four will run until the Christmas period of 1799. The next book – The Stranger from the Sea, which is the eighth in the series of 12 – starts in 1810, a leap of more than ten years. This will be the start of series five, which RadioTimes.com revealed is expected to be the final series of the show.
Series four will find Aidan Tuner's Ross Poldark in Westminster.
According to Horsfield, “He does take George's seat. They beat George. At the end of this series we see them coming to the realisation that next time a seat is offered they have to take it.
“He's not desperate to head off to Westminster but a catastrophic happening in episode one of series four makes them realise that in order to have the power to effect any change they need to get out of their comfort zone.”
Horsfield added that the change of scene will be a “treat” for viewers.
“It's very much Cornwall-based but there are so many characters and flavours and one of those flavours is London.
“That's a thing we haven't really seen. We saw it when Caroline was in London. There are whole sequences where we go to London and that's a really exciting new flavour to it. We will meet real characters, like [Prime Minister] William Pitt and [anti-slavery campaigner] William Wilberforce. There are some wonderful affirming storylines and some utterly tragic ones coming up.”
They added that Ross and Demelza strive to “work through this sticky patch” following their infidelity with Hugh Armitage at the end of series three.
“What we explore in the fourth series, essentially, is their reasons for this little excursion, shall we say, are many and complex.
“I have often thought in a way it was the perfect storm of Hugh being an opportunist, playing on their sympathies, Ross being occupied elsewhere, Demelza sort of in a way enjoying being wooed and courted in a way which they hadn't been in the early stages by Ross because they obviously went from being their servant to their wife.”
They added that “things look up for Morwenna and Drake gradually” and that Prudie's common-law husband Jud Paynter (Phil Davis) won't be seen in series four.
Tholly Tregirls, the colourful piratical figure from Ross' youth played by Sean Gilder, will be returning in series four, as will Prudie (Beatie Edney), repulsive cleric Osborne Whitworth (Christian Brassington) and Hugh Armitage (Josh Whitehouse). Could the latter be out to cause yet more trouble for Ross and Demelza?
There will also be another fabulous new villain called Monk Adderley, adds Horsfield.
“I think the character people will enjoy most is Monk Adderley. He's completely amoral but such a vividly drawn character. Ross encounters them in London. Ross really does clash with him. He's a friend of George's, that's how they first meet and another one everyone will love to hate.”
Advertisement
I for one can't wait…
Students walk off a Houston County school bus along Hwy 41 at Carolyn Court in this 2012 Telegraph file photo. JASON VORHEES jvorhees@macon.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Met Office has issued another weather update and is now forecasting heavy snow for Crawley for this afternoon.
The forecast has changed repeatedly over the last 12 hours - with heavy snow having initially been forecast for this morning's rush hour.
The latest update says there is a 60% chance of snow between 1pm and 2pm, which turns to 90% between 2pm and 3pm.
It then drops once again to 60% until 4pm, after which the snow is supposed to die down.
Temperatures will rarely exceed freezing, and the cold winds will make it feel more like -6°c.
There is a yellow weather warning for snow and ice on roads and pavements until 4pm today (Monday), which is then replaced with a yellow ice warning until 11am tomorrow morning (Tuesday).
The warning says: “Some injuries are possible from slips and falls on icy surfaces and there will probably be some icy patches on untreated roads and cycle paths.
“Some roads and railways are likely to be affected with longer and more difficult journeys.”
The snow and ice has already caused severe disruption nationwide on all forms of public transport, with trains, buses and flights all experiencing delays and cancellations.
And on the roads, ice and snow is causing delays for commuters, and the cold weather is causing breakdowns, with a reported 25,000 occurring on Sunday.
Please be careful when leaving your house, and be sure to wear enough clothing if going outside for a prolonged period as temperatures are not set to rise any time soon.
David Atlanta
Volume 20, Issue 7 | February 15, 2017
Gay Spring Break Destinations, Snapchat & Instagram Don'ts, Gay Shower Songs, 5 types of #Instagay Couples, Racist Relatives, Hey Daddy, and more!
ASK OUR EXPERTS
Choose Topic -Select- Breastfeeding Tobacco Control Bones & Joints Children Child Development Cancer Diabetes Drugs Ear Emotions Eyes Living Healthy Health Insurance Heart HIV/AIDS Infection Injuries/FirstAid Liver Men's Health Nutrition Pregnancy Rehabilitation Medicine Sexual Health Skin Surgery Teeth Travel and Health Tuberculosis Women's Health
WASHINGTON — Late in the spring, Iraqi forces fighting the Islamic State in Mosul discovered three unfired rocket-propelled grenades with an unusual feature — a heavy liquid sloshing inside their warheads. Tests later found that the warheads contained a crude blister agent resembling sulfur mustard, a banned chemical weapon intended to burn a victim's skin and respiratory tract.
The improvised chemical rockets were the latest in a procession of weapons developed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant during a jihadi arms-manufacturing spree without recent analogue.
Irregular fighting forces, with limited access to global arms markets, routinely manufacture their own weapons. But ISIL took the practice to new levels, with outputs “unlike anything we've ever seen” from a nonstate force, said Solomon H. Black, a State Department official who tracks and analyzes weapons.
Humanitarian de-miners, former military explosive ordnance disposal technicians and arms analysts working in areas captured from ISIL provided The New York Times with dozens of reports and scores of photographs and drawings detailing weapons the militant organization has developed since 2014, when it established a self-declared caliphate in Syria and Iraq.
The records show the work of a jihadi hive mind — a system of armaments production that combined research and development, mass production and organized distribution to amplify the militant organization's endurance and power.
The resulting weapons, used against ISIL's armed foes on many fronts and against civilians who did not support its rule, were variously novel and familiar. At times they were exceptionally cruel.
One report noted that before being expelled from Ramadi, ISIL fighters buried a massive explosive charge under a group of homes and wired it to the electrical system in one of the buildings.
The houses were thought to be safe. But when a family returned and connected a generator, their home was blown apart in an enormous blast, according to Snoor Tofiq, national operations manager for Norwegian People's Aid, which is clearing improvised weapons from areas that ISIL left. The entire family, they said, was killed.
Craig McInally, also an operations manager for the Norwegian de-mining organization, described indiscriminate inventions elsewhere — including four seemingly abandoned space heaters and a generator recovered near Mosul.
The heaters and generator, useful to displaced civilians and combatants alike, were packed with hidden explosives. The bombs had been configured, McInally said, so that if a person approached them or tried to move them, they would explode.
Taken together, the scope and scale of ISIL production demonstrated the perils of a determined militant organization allowed to pursue its ambitions in a large, ungoverned space.
Some weapon components, for example, were essentially standardized, including locally manufactured injection-molded munition fuzes, shoulder-fired rockets, mortar ammunition, modular bomb parts and plastic-bodied land mines that underwent generations of upgrades. Many were produced in industrial quantities.
The findings also included apparent prototypes of weapons that either were not selected for mass production or were abandoned in development, including projectiles loaded with caustic soda and shoulder-fired rockets containing blister agent.
While ISIL has been routed from almost all its territory in Iraq and Syria, security officials say its advances pose risks elsewhere, as its members move on to other countries, its foreign members return home and veterans of its arms-production network pool and share knowledge and techniques online.
“They're spreading this knowledge all over the world,” said Ernest Barajas Jr., a former Marine explosive ordnance disposal technician who has worked with ordnance-clearing organizations in areas occupied by the Islamic State. “It's going to the Philippines, it's in Africa.” They added, “This stuff's going to continue to grow.”
Born of Insurgency
One reason for the ISIL's level of sophistication was clear: Its armaments programs grew out of the insurgencies fighting the U.S. occupation of Iraq from 2003 through 2011.
Sunni and Shiite militant groups became adept at making improvised bombs, both from conventional munitions abandoned in 2003 by Iraq's defeated military, and with ingredients that bomb-makers prepared themselves. U.S. officials say certain Shiite groups received technical assistance and components from Iran.
Sunni bomb-makers also fielded chemical weapons, sometimes by combining explosive devices with chlorine, a toxic substance with legal applications, and other times in bombs made from degraded chemical rockets or shells left from Iraq's defunct chemical warfare program.
The Islamic State, which evolved from al-Qaida in Iraq, built upon its predecessors' lethal industry.
The group's larger success since also played a role. When ISIL seized swaths of territory and major cities in 2014, it took control of shops and factories with hydraulic presses, forges, computer-driven machine tools and plastic injection-molding machines. It also moved into at least one technical college and university lab. This infrastructure positioned ISIL for an arms-production breakout.
Behind the capacity was an armaments bureaucracy that supervised product development and manufacture, said Damien Spleeters, head of operations in Iraq and Syria for Conflict Armament Research, a private arms-monitoring and investigative firm that has done field work in both countries during the war.
The system was resilient, Spleeters said. One of the Islamic State's projects, a series of recoilless launchers that gained prominence late in the battle for Mosul, in northern Iraq, was built from the ground up even while militants were pressured in combat from multiple foes on multiple fronts.
“It just kept going,” Spleeters said of the technical advancements. “They could develop stuff even as they lost territories.”
ISIL's arms bureaucracy was also disciplined. Detonating cord used in improvised explosive devices was measured and allotted down to the centimetre, Spleeters said. When a stock ran out, management would fill out a request form for more. The material would be resupplied.
McInally said the group's armament production appeared centralized and carefully considered.
It just kept going. They could develop stuff even as they lost territories
As de-miners have found weapons, they said, they have routinely encountered improvised devices with a modular design that allowed for ISIL's fighters to choose from uniform parts and assemble devices quickly. The separate parts were issued distinctly, to be combined before use.
“It's a collection of pressure plates, a collection of charges, a collection of switches,” McInally said. “Components that can be connected as necessary. It's clever. It's impressive.”
The New York Times is withholding technical details of weapons and explosive mixtures described in this article to prevent the spread of information useful to copycats.
Barajas said the explosive charges themselves were further standardized — via a “homemade explosive” with a recipe the group tweaked and produced at an industrial scale.
The mixture, they said, is a widely known combination of ammonium nitrate fertilizer and aluminum with a long history of use in many conflicts, including in Iraq. But ISIL improved the explosive with the addition of another material that makes it easier to detonate. The Times previously documented ISIL's importation of large amounts of ammonium nitrate from Turkey, along with sections of heavy pipe.
McInally said the group also standardized other items: supplemental charges for mortar rounds to extend their range; a common fuze with a spring-loaded striker assembly machined from an over-the-counter bolt; and an improvised bomb — they said de-miners refer to it as a land mine — that was fielded in a standard-sized plastic tub.
The mines resemble an Italian-made anti-personnel mine called the VS-50, though ISIL's version is much larger, prompting de-miners to dryly refer to it as the “VS-500.”
As time passed, newly produced VS-500 mines became increasingly water-resistant, extending their life in the ground. Similarly, the striker fuzes the Islamic State has fielded show signs of being made resistant to moisture and rust.
The first-generation land mines, McInally said, were not well made. “They didn't weather well,” they said. But by the time ISIL was defeated in Mosul, they said, it had improved the design and salted the battlefield and villages with weapons “that last a long, long time.”
ISIL has also engaged in organized scavenging, including collecting dud U.S.-made bombs dropped by coalition warplanes and repurposing their explosive power. One set of photos provided by a de-miner shows how the group set up an open-air chop shop to cut open unexploded U.S. aircraft bombs and remove the explosive inside.
These explosives tend to be more powerful and more reliable than homemade explosives. Barajas said ISIL put what it had scavenged to priority use — in suicide attacks.
“Every time I'd run an explosive test on the ordnance buried in the ground, if I found it connected to the pressure switches, it would come back as ‘homemade explosives,'” they said. But the explosives in suicide vests and belts, they added, were compounds, including RDX and TNT, extracted from conventional ordnance.
Not all of ISIL's developments have been effective. When experimental designs failed, ISIL engineers made changes or moved on.
According to a U.S. government official who examined an analysis of the rocket-propelled grenade filled with blister agent, the weapons would probably not fly a predictable and accurate path. X-rays, they said, showed that they had been only partly filled, and were unbalanced.
Similarly, ISIL seemed to struggle with a series of mortars filled with caustic soda, or lye, a strongly alkaline compound that is sold in a heavy flake form and sometimes used as a drain cleaner.
Dozens of locally produced mortar projectiles filled with caustic soda were found by de-miners in Manbij, Syria, in late 2016. Barajas analyzed the discovery.
“Caustic soda is extremely hazardous. It'll burn your skin,” they said. “If you inhale it, it'll cause death.” But the material is also corrosive, so much so that it damaged the interior of the shells ISIL had used to hold it.
They said ISIL tried loading 120-millimeter mortar rounds with caustic soda, but the munitions rusted to the point of exuding salts. They could not be safely fired. “I think once they got this bad reaction, they moved away from this,” Barajas said.
Put to Brutal Use
Many of the Islamic State's bombs have been used against the military and police forces fighting it. Aso Mohammed, a Kurdish de-miner with the Swiss Foundation for Mine Action, said that by their estimates, improvised explosive devices have been responsible for 60 percent of casualties of Kurdish peshmerga soldiers in Iraq's north.
But other uses were consistent with ISIL's well-documented disregard for international law and humanitarian concerns evident in their abductions, public executions, production of snuff films and bombings of public spaces.
In a prepared statement, the U.S. military in Baghdad noted that coalition forces have recovered and destroyed booby-trapped teddy bears. De-miners and their supervisors in Iraq frequently trade reports and details of other ISIL-made booby traps, among them dolls, stuffed animals and plastic trucks, as well as teapots, fire extinguishers, flashlights and copies of the Quran.
Two de-miners, Steve Kosier and Mohammed, of the Swiss demining organization, said the Islamic State's locally made weapons had evolved in a predictably sinister fashion. Improvised devices that once were connected to a single plate that would cause the bomb to explode were later in the campaign connected to several plates — an adaptation intended to slow de-miners as they cleared buildings, roads and terrain.
Kosier said they had disabled one makeshift bomb that “had four pressure plates surrounding the container with a 9-volt battery for each plate.” Each plate was connected by a separate electrical circuit to a container of homemade high explosives, which in turn had an “anti-lift device” beneath it — essentially a booby trap added to an already complex booby trap.
The ambition behind such a trap, de-miners said, is to kill people trying to make ISIL's former turf safe.
After a long break over the Christmas holiday, the Colorado Buffaloes opened Pac-12 conference play with a tough road loss to Utah.
The Utes continue to be a thorn in the proverbial side of Colorado, who have lost six in a row to Utah dating back to the 2013-14 season. Utah led by seven points at halftime before pulling away 76-60.
Each team made six three-point shots and had 33 total rebounds, but the story of this game was turnovers. Colorado turned the ball over 15 times, of which Utah converted those into 20 points. In addition, Utah shot 52 percent from the field while Colorado hit only 40 percent of its shots.
Derrick White led the way for the Buffs with 15 points. George King was the only other player in double figures with 11. For Utah, Lorenzo Bonam scored 15 points while David Collette and Kyle Kuzma each had 14.
More from Glory Colorado
olorado
Colorado got off to an excellent start as Utah turned the ball over on its first three possessions. The Buffs opened up a quick 10-2 lead, forcing a Utes timeout. Utah fought back and took its first lead of the game at 24-22 with just under seven minutes to play in the first half.
After halftime, Utah had a 7-0 run to start the second half and began to put the game out of reach. Colorado never got within 11 points and Utah got up by as many as 23.
Colorado drops to 10-4 on the year and will next face Arizona State (8-7) in Tempe on Thursday night.
This article originally appeared on
About
Flaming Jewels is a delicate handmade jewelery brand. It's mission is to allow women to express themselves every day in an original and special w… Read More
Flaming Jewels is a delicate handmade jewelery brand. It's mission is to allow women to express themselves every day in an original and special way. Read Less
Published:
WASHINGTON — A Charles and David Koch-backed group is launching a $4.5 million ad campaign targeting three Democratic senators, urging them to support the Republican tax reform plan.
The television ad buy, announced Thursday morning, will target Sens. Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Claire McCaskill of Missouri and Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin, all of whom are facing tough re-election efforts next year in states that President Donald Trump won.
The conservative-leaning Koch organization has made passing tax reform a priority and has pledged to spend tens of millions of dollars organizing voters and pressuring elected officials to support an overhaul.
In the ad, a woman looks at the camera and says that tax reform will help "average" Americans.
"People are sick of politics. I am too. But fixing our broken tax system isn't about politics — it's about helping people," they say. "That's what tax reform will do. So, what's stopping us?"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rep. Dingell: My constituents are 3:54 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Donnelly is one of three Democrats who did not sign a letter laying out the party's demands for a Republican-crafted tax plan, something that signaled at least some interest in working with the GOP on the issue. McCaskill and Baldwin did sign the letter but have not indicated that they would support a Republican plan.
Levi Russell, spokesperson for Americans for Prosperity, a conservative advocacy group, said the ads are meant to build support for a tax overhaul.
“The American people are hungry for results, and achieving tax reform may be the last big opportunity this year," they said. "We're urging senators to unify around the tax reform framework because it's good policy, but it's also good politics. There will be a lot of very unhappy folks in Missouri, Indiana, and Wisconsin if their senator is seen as protecting a rigged system and higher rates."
Wisconsin Democratic Party chair Martha Laning shot back at the ads in a statement, saying, "out-of-state billionaires are attacking Tammy Baldwin on Wisconsin airwaves because they know they won't support a tax giveaway for CEOs and the super-rich paid for by hardworking Wisconsinites."
Republicans last week released an outline of their tax plan that cuts the corporate tax rate, reduces the number of tax brackets and eliminates many individual deductions. Their goal is to release a text of the proposed legislation by Nov. 13 and pass tax reform before Christmas.
Now that the long-awaited outline has been released, special interest groups, public interest groups and the corporate world are expected to ramp up their lobbying efforts to ensure that tax reform benefits their constituency.
The ad buy is starting a week before the Koch donor network is holding a politics and policy planning session in New York City where Vice President Mike Pence is the scheduled keynote speaker.
CORRECTION (Oct. 5, 2017, 10:30 a.m.): An earlier version of this article misidentified some of the Democratic senators who signed a letter of principle on tax reform sent to Republican leaders. Joe Donnelly, who was listed as having signed the letter, did not do so. Claire McCaskill and Tammy Baldwin, who were listed as not having signed it, did sign the letter.
Alexis Sanchez's first goal for Manchester United wrapped up victory against Huddersfield on a day when the clubs came together to remember those who lost their lives in the Munich air disaster.
Saturday was the 60th anniversary of the tragedy which claimed 23 lives, including eight of the players, as Matt Busby's side returned from a European Cup match at Red Star Belgrade.
Silence fell upon Old Trafford as those lost were remembered ahead of a match that United won, with goals from Romelu Lukaku and home debutant Sanchez sealing the victory against David Wagner's Terriers.
Huddersfield struggled to create clear-cut chances in their first league trip to Old Trafford since March 1972 but dug deep in the first half to frustrate the hosts.
United were struggling for a creative spark but went up a gear after half-time, going ahead within 10 minutes of the restart when Lukaku smartly turned home a Juan Mata cross.
Sanchez won a penalty and saw it saved, only to turn home the rebound on their Old Trafford debut as United bounced back from the midweek loss at Tottenham, extending Huddersfield's winless Premier League run to an eighth match.
United showed spirit to break down the visitors on a day when the club remembered those killed so tragically in 1958.
Hundreds of fans congregated under the Munich plaque to pay their respects outside Old Trafford. When inside, they received a commemorative pack containing a book telling the story of the disaster along with a complimentary programme and letter from Ed Woodward.
Players and fans stand in silence at Old Trafford
"(Munich) is forever woven into the fabric of this club's history," the executive vice-chairperson wrote in a letter to fans who impeccably observed a minute's silence.
United started the match on the front foot and Jesse Lingard was soon racing through, only to fire straight at Jonas Lossl.
Town's players were making their presence felt and the Old Trafford faithful were up in arms as not only was McTominay forcibly bundled over by Kongolo but referee Stuart Attwell did not point to the spot.
Town fans were also growing irritated with the officials, but Philip Billing was walking a fine line with some of their challenges - and Rajiv van La Parra embarrassed themselves by miraculously returning to their feet having feigned injury.
Sanchez went down in the box claiming a penalty shortly after Lossl denied them a fine goal from the edge of the box, but United were lacking a spark and Huddersfield were only creating half-chances in a goalless first half.
Lukaku was on target
Mourinho did not make any half-time changes, but their players immediately looked sharper.
New boy Sanchez wriggled free to get away a close-range shot blocked superbly by Tommy Smith and their intent bore fruit in the 55th minute.
United battled to win possession in Huddersfield's half and the ball was swiftly played wide for Mata to whip in a cross steered home smartly by Lukaku.
Paul Pogba, dropped after the loss to Spurs, came on as Mourinho's Reds looked to add another, with substitute Michael Hefele soon gifting them that chance by clumsily bringing down Sanchez.
Lossl saved the resulting spot-kick, but the Chilean was not to be denied as they slotted in the rebound.
Lukaku and Pogba had chances to compound matters as the rain fell, although Town were showing the odd glimpse of attacking intent as the match came to a close.
Knife crime has become synonymous with street gangs in urban areas, teenagers carrying weapons for protection and too many young lives lost.
But this is by no means the full picture when it comes to the 654 knife crime offences recorded in Leeds during 2015/16.
Any knife crime is one too many. Chief Inspector Alisa Newman
It could include everything from a child taking a Swiss Army knife to school and domestic incidents involving a knife to armed robberies at shops and assaults with broken bottles in bars.
Although many will happen without becoming public knowledge, barely a day goes by without a knife-related incident of some kind in the city.
And this is unlikely to change if the latest figures are anything to go by, with police data suggesting the number recorded in 2016/17 will be much higher.
Freedom of Information request revealed there had been 644 incidents in the first eight months of the year – only 10 shy of the total for all of 2015/16.
If it continued at that rate, then the total for the latest year could top 960 offences.
Chief Inspector Alisa Newman, who heads up partnership policing in Leeds, said: “This isn't purely possession of knives. This is any weapon which is capable of breaking the skin if used. It could be a syringe, a broken bottle.
“And it's not only where it's used. It could be shown.”
For those alarmed by the numbers, they were quick to point out that the total number remains relatively small for a city the size of Leeds.
“It's not a surging issue,” they said. “It's probably something that is reflected nationally as well in terms of the picture of knife crime, but any knife crime is one too many.”
The 2011 census found Leeds has a population of 751,500, meaning there was roughly one knife crime offence recorded per 1,149 people in 2015/16.
And other cities are seeing rises, with the Metropolitan Police reporting last week that knife crime was up 24 per cent.
One of the biggest challenges for police in reducing these figures is the ready availability of knives, an item everyone has in their kitchen drawer.
And while some criminals might carry a knife with the intention to cause fear or harm, there are people who do so for reassurance and in the belief that they would never use it.
Chief Insp Newman said: “We're not necessarily talking about a weapon purchased for the sole intent of causing injury, but possessing one creates an opportunity to use it.
“In any situation where someone carries a knife, the circumstances can change and result in someone using it.”
It is for this reason that a lot of police work to reduce knife crime is focused on prevention and education, with the simple message that knives cost lives.
“We don't just do this alone,” Chief Insp Newman said. “We work with third sector charities, schools – a whole range of people – especially around youth work.
“We can't do it on our own. We really do rely on the assistance we get from our partners.”
While schools and young people are undoubtedly an area of focus, education also extends to retailers asking for ID when selling knives.
Chief Insp Newman said: “It's vital for shopkeepers and sellers of knives to be responsible. The availability through the internet is a challenge for us though. They can probably be purchased online with less scrutiny.”
And where that happens, others in the community can help police by passing on information about someone they know who might be carrying a knife for whatever reason.
“Community intelligence is absolutely vital to us for every aspect of policing,” Chief Insp Newman said.
“Where we've got information, we'll act on it.”
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – The life of 28-year-old Anvia Mickens — found murdered last week in the truck of a car in Niagara Falls — was celebrated Monday evening when 150 people showed up on Central Square in downtown Youngstown for a vigil in their honor.
For the past year, Mickens — from Youngstown — was a beautician at The Starting Line Barber and Beauty Shop downtown.
“It hurt,” said Jerome Franklin, owner of Starting Line barbershop. “You know, because such a beautiful person getting taken away like that.”
“Everyone loved her,” co-worker Jaunita Pete said. “She touched many hearts. If you'd just meet them in the store, then you would have a friend forever.”
A testament of how many lives Mickens touched was evident by Monday's gathering — at times in prayer — outside The Starting Line.
“You know somebody was laughing when you heard Anvia laugh,” Starting Line barber Robert Hale said. “And that brought life to the barber shop.”
“And to honor Anvia like this is incredible,” family friend Leigh Green said. “She would be so blown away.”
Anvia Mickens vigil View as list View as gallery Open Gallery
Among those who showed up was Mickens' father Darryl Mickens.
They gathered their family together around them and read from First Thessalonians about wanting to know the truth about those who have died.
“We just want to thank you,” Darryl Mickens said. “I mean the love, the outpouring has been beyond expectations.”
The evening ended with balloons being passed out — and the emotional moment when all of them were released into the wind.
“It's evident with all the people that's here — they loved everybody and everybody loved her,” Franklin said.
Arrested in connection to Mickens' murder was their boyfriend — 27-year-old JeShawn Elliot. They remain jailed in Niagara Falls, but so far has not been charged with their murder.
An East of England Ambulance Service Trust (EEAST) volunteer from Wattisham has been posthumously recognised nationally.
Keith Marshall, who volunteered for EEAST for five years was honoured at the Ambulance Leadership Forum awards for their dedicated years of service and ‘massive contribution' to the service.
Keith Marshall's award being collected by their wife Mary
Keith died in November last year and their wife Mary collected the Outstanding Service Award on their behalf on February 8.
They joined the Trust as a Community First Responder (CFR) with their wife. Together they established the Wattisham Community First Responder Group, raising the money required to set the group up and recruited volunteers from the community to be CFRs and help save lives.
A year into their CFR role they attended a 999 emergency and suffered a cardiac arrest whilst attending the patient.
Keith was resuscitated and despite their setback continued making a positive contribution to EEAST.
They stepped down as a CFR but continued to co-ordinate and manage the Wattisham CFR group.
They were also elected as a governor for the Trust when it was applying for NHS Foundation Trust status.
They then joined the Trust's User Group, helping out at events, taking an active role in the Infection, Prevention and Control group and being a loyal advocate for the Trust at partnership meetings.
In 2014, Keith's efforts were recognised when they were given the Trust's Distinguished Service Award, for the effort and value that they gave to the service and to their community.
They continued, with Mary, to give basic life support and defibrillator training in the local community to all kinds of groups, from school children upwards. EEAST chief executive Robert Morton said: “I had the pleasure to meet Keith. Their knowledge and expertise made them an incredibly valued asset to the Trust, and we will be forever grateful for the thousands of hours they volunteered to help our service – whether through their community first responder or Trust User Group work. Keith was a friend to the teams that had the pleasure of working with him, and they will be sorely missed.”
One of two felony criminal cases against Missouri Gov Eric Greitens will be dismissed now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation, St. Louis' top prosecutor said Wednesday.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner said their office decided to dismiss a charge of computer data tampering against the governor, who was once a fast-rising star in the Republican Party. A day earlier, Greitens announced that they would step down from office effective Friday, citing "legal harassment."
"I remain confident we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens, but sometimes pursuing charges is not the right thing to do for our city or our state," Gardner said.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Responding to Grietens' past statements calling the prosecution "a witch hunt" that inflicted pain on their family, Gardener said the governor had brought the charges upon themselves "by their actions, their statements, their decisions, their ambition and their pursuit for power."
Many of Greitens' former colleagues and friends "cooperated with our prosecution, not because they were threatened or harassed, but because it was the right thing to do," they said.
Had the governor been convicted, they said, it was unlikely that they would be sentenced to prison, given the type of charge they faced and the fact that they would be a first-time offender.
The governor also was indicted on invasion-of-privacy charges in February in St. Louis for allegedly taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a woman during an extramarital affair in 2015, before they were elected. The charge was dropped earlier this month, but a special prosecutor is considering whether to refile it.
The special prosecutor, Jean Peters Baker, said Tuesday that no deals have been made by their office with Greitens' attorneys.
Defense attorney Jim Martin said they expected the remaining charge to be resolved soon, but they would not elaborate.
"I think what folks need to know is it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal," Martin said.
Greitens, a former Navy SEAL officer, suggested less than two weeks ago that they would never quit fighting the allegations, even as the Legislature considered impeachment. Then they announced that they would quit.
"The time has come, though, to tend to those who have been wounded and to care for those who need us most," said Greitens, their voice cracking while their team members struggled to hold back tears. "So for the moment, let us walk off the battlefield with our heads held high."
Greitens' departure becomes official at 5 p.m. Friday — marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season that will include intense efforts to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Greitens' resignation also allows them to avoid the distinction of becoming the first Missouri governor to be impeached. A House investigatory committee had subpoenaed Greitens to testify next Monday during a special monthlong session focused solely on their potential discipline.
Fellow Republican Lt. Gov. Mike Parson — a former state lawmaker and sheriff — is to serve the remainder of Greitens' term, which runs until January 2021.
Greitens could face other investigations. The chairperson of the House investigatory committee and an attorney representing the woman's ex-husband both have said they have shared information with FBI agents looking into the governor.
A complaint also remains pending at the Missouri Ethics Commission alleging Greitens filed a false campaign report last year about the source of the charity donor list.
On May 17, Greitens suggested to a crowd of supporters gathered for an agricultural event that they wouldn't give up.
"No matter what they throw at me, no matter how painful they try to make it, no matter how much suffering they want to put me and my family through and my team through ... we are going to step forward day after day, and we are going to continue in our mission to fight for the people of Missouri," Greitens said then.
On Tuesday, Greitens remained defiant even while resigning.
"I am not perfect. But I have not broken any laws or committed any offense worthy of this treatment," they said. "I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history."
Greitens, a married father of two young sons, is a Rhodes scholar with a doctoral degree in politics who traveled the world on humanitarian missions before joining the Navy. After being wounded in Iraq, they founded a veterans' charity and became a best-selling author and motivational speaker.
They campaigned as a political outsider in 2016, winning an expensive Republican gubernatorial primary and then defeating Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster in the general election to give Missouri Republicans control of the governor's mansion for the first time in eight years.
Greitens had a sometimes rocky relationship with the GOP-controlled Legislature as they pushed their agenda, once comparing them to third-graders and frequently denouncing them as "career politicians."
Their support in the Capitol began to unravel after the night of Jan. 10, when a St. Louis TV station aired a report featuring an audio recording secretly made by a woman's ex-husband. In that, the woman describes how Greitens allegedly bound their hands, blindfolded them and took a compromising photo while threatening that they would distribute it if they ever spoke of their encounter. Greitens denied threatening blackmail, but hasn't directly answered questions about whether they took the photo.
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens on Feb. 22 on one felony count of invasion of privacy related to the alleged photo. That prompted the Missouri House to form a special investigatory committee.
In April, the legislative panel released a report containing graphic testimony in which the woman said Greitens had restrained, slapped, shoved and belittled them during a series of sexual encounters that at times left them crying and afraid. Greitens denied any violence and said the allegations amounted to a "political witch hunt." They vowed to stay in office.
But Greitens' troubles deepened in the ensuing weeks when Republican Attorney General Josh Hawley — who is running for McCaskill's seat — referred evidence to the St. Louis prosecutor leading to the felony charge alleging misuse of the charity donor list.
___
Salter reported from St. Louis. Associated Press writers Summer Ballentine and Blake Nelson in Jefferson City, John Hanna in Topeka, Kansas, Lisa Mascaro in Washington and Steve Peoples in New York City contributed to this report.
___
Follow David A. Lieb on Twitter: https://twitter.com/DavidALieb .
Image caption PC Mark Baird told the misconduct hearing they were "sorry" for their behaviour
A police officer threatened a Polish doorman they would "smash their head in" and told them to "speak English" after they were refused entry to a Hull bar.
PC Mark Baird drank "in excess of 10 pints" when they racially abused the man outside Tofts in November, a Humberside Police misconduct hearing.
They also told the Polish national they were a police officer and knew the law.
Mr Baird apologised and admitted their behaviour amounted to gross misconduct, but denied being intentionally racist.
The panel heard the Polish bouncer was working alone on 8 November when Mr Baird, who was off duty and with two friends, became aggressive after being turned away.
Mr Baird allegedly told the doorman "because of people like you I can't get in" and "hopefully, you're all going to get kicked out".
They then walked away but returned moments later saying: "I'm going to smash your head in."
They also told the bouncer to "speak English" before mimicking their accent, the panel heard.
Image caption The misconduct hearing the officer was "dedicated and highly skilled"
Footage of some of the incident, which was filmed on a mobile phone, showed the officer slurring their words, the panel heard.
The panel was told the officer had split up with their partner, faced financial difficulties, and was on antidepressants.
PC Baird told the hearing: "I can only apologise for my actions. I'm absolutely disgusted."
The panel heard the officer had no recollection of the incident.
'Respectful to all'
When asked by their defence counsel Mark Ley Morgan about the footage of their behaviour, PC Baird replied: "It will stay with me."
Two colleagues, one of whom is a Polish national, told the panel how PC Baird was a "well-respected, dedicated and highly skilled" officer who was a "real credit to the team".
They described them as being "very respectful to all nationalities".
The Polish officer said they have never received any negative comments from them and that they "always treated people the same way".
Mr Ley Morgan said Mr Baird did not hold racist views and they were not being intentionally racist.
The hearing continues.
A day ahead of a high-profile special election in Georgia, President Donald Trump inserted themselves in the race with a sharp attack on the top Democratic candidate.
On Twitter Monday, Trump criticized Jon Ossoff, who is leading a crowded field of candidates in the race to replace former Rep. Tom Price, who stepped down to become the president's Secretary of Health and Human Services.
"The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal [sic] race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!" Trump tweeted.
Ossoff responded with a statement, "While I'm glad the President is interested in the race, they are misinformed. I'm focused on bringing fresh leadership, accountability, and bipartisan problem-solving to Washington to cut wasteful spending and grow metro Atlanta's economy into the Silicon Valley of the South."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ossoff: 'Grassroots Organizers' Are True Dem Party Leaders autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Ossoff is hoping to break 50 percent in Tuesday's unusual all-party primary. If they fall short of that threshold but still comes in first, the Democrat will face off against the second-place finisher, who most likely will be a Republican, in a June runoff. If there's a runoff, Ossoff would be seen as the underdog in the conservative district.
Recent polls show Ossoff running several percentage points below the 50% threshold.
Trump's unpopularity made this race competitive and he's loomed over it since picking Price to join their Cabinet late last year. Many are watching the race closely as a early indicator of potential anti-Trump Democratic wave in next year's midterm elections.
Related: Trump's shadow looms over the special election
Georgia's 6th Congressional District, a stretch of wealthy and highly educated suburbs North of Atlanta, is a traditional Republican stronghold. But Trump only narrowly won the district in November after Mitt Romney had carried by over 20 percentage points in 2012. It's not hard to find local Republican voters displeased with Trump's presidency so far.
That's caused most of the 11 Republican candidates in the race to steer clear of Trump, keenly aware of their low approval ratings.
Ossoff too has mostly stopped talking about Trump, to whom they owe so much of their success.
The 30-year-old first-time-candidate kicked off their campaign with a fundraising plea to "Make Trump Furious" and went on to raise a record-shattering $8.3 million in the first three months of the year. Over 90% of that came from outside district as liberals across the country contributed to their campaign as a way to fight Trump.
But the anti-Trump message got Ossoff only so far, so they have switched to a nonpartisan message of pragmatism that they hope will make conservative-leaning independents and soft Republicans feel comfortable voting for a Democrat.
National Republicans have responded by trying to portray Ossoff as Nancy Pelosi "yes man" and left-wing radical to prevent those same voters from switching sides.
In that sense, Trump's tweet is on-message and may be cheered by even Trump-skeptical Republicans for using their large megaphone to inject that message into the bloodstream the day before the critical vote.
Hello. Here's your morning briefing:
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Brexit Secretary David Davis (left) and the EU Commission's Michel Barnier are leading the negotiations for the two sides
The government has published a plan for an interim customs union with the EU as it withdraws from the bloc, the first in a series of papers setting out its position on key areas of Brexit negotiations.
The proposal would see the UK remain free from tariffs on goods within the EU and at the same time ministers would expect to be able to negotiate new international trade deals - something they cannot currently do from within the customs union.
Once this temporary arrangement period expires, the UK would seek a "highly streamlined" border with the EU, or a new "partnership" with no customs border at all.
It's intended to provide reassurance to businesses, but Labour has claimed it's a ploy to "gloss over" divisions within the cabinet.
Analysis: Having our cake and eating it?
By Simon Jack, business editor
The government is promising that businesses will only have to adjust once to our eventual customs relationship with the EU.
That must mean that the day after we leave the EU, and enter the interim period, there will be no change. So we are out of the customs union, but everything will pretty much stay the same until the interim period is over.
The only difference is that because we are technically out of the customs union, we will be able to negotiate our own trade deals with non-EU countries, while enjoying the benefits of frictionless trade we have now.
This approach will look to many like the "having our cake and eating it" that Boris Johnson was so keen on - and EU officials weren't.
Read Simon's full article
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
Kim Jong-un 'briefed' on attacking Guam
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has been briefed on a plan to fire missiles towards the US Pacific territory of Guam, according to state media. The report on news agency KCNA said Kim Jong-un "examined the plan for a long time" and discussed it with senior military officials. But, crucially, the report added that the North Korean leader would watch the US before making any decision, signalling an apparent deceleration in the provocative rhetoric.
Jo Cox 'hero' dies
The family of Bernard Kenny, who tried to stop the murder of MP Jo Cox in West Yorkshire last year, says they have died aged 79. The former miner was stabbed as they intervened when Thomas Mair attacked Mrs Cox in Birstall in 2016, and was later awarded the George Medal. Tracey Brabin MP, who was elected in Jo Cox's constituency after their death, said: "Bernard will forever be remembered as a true hero."
Sierra Leone mudslides kill hundreds
More than 300 people have been killed in mudslides and flooding near Sierra Leone's capital, Freetown. A hillside in the Regent area collapsed early on Monday following heavy rains, leaving many houses covered in mud. The number of casualties is expected to rise, with local residents reportedly trying to recover bodies from the rubble with their bare hands.
What the papers say
The Daily Telegraph and the Daily Mail report on a "backlash" against the announcement that Big Ben will fall silent for four years - with the Telegraph quoting senior MPs as calling the move "entirely bonkers". The Times interprets today's customs union proposal as evidence that Chancellor Philip Hammond has won the upper hand over International Trade Secretary Liam Fox as reported divisions continue in the cabinet over how to proceed with Brexit.
Daily digest
Swift justice Pop star Taylor Swift wins an assault case against DJ David Mueller
Railroaded Train passengers are braced for news of an increase in regulated rail fares from January 2018
Fat not fit People who are overweight face increased health risks even if they appear medically healthy, experts warn
Snap judgement Social media giant Snap's shares plunge following disappointing results
If you watch one thing today
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Post-war US anti-Nazi film makes comeback after Charlottesville violence
If you listen to one thing today
Image copyright AFP
How Ambedkar helped form independent India
If you read one thing today
Image copyright Hugh Miles Image caption Prince Sultan bin Turki, pictured centre
Saudi Arabia's missing princes
Today's lookahead
09:30 The ONS publishes the inflation figures for July which will be used as the benchmark for rail fare rises to be introduced in January 2018
Today Tory MP Craig MacKinlay appears in court for the first time after being charged with falsely recording election expenses in 2015
On this day
1947 India officially became an independent country outside British rule
1992 The first Premier League matches were played, with the first goal by Brian Deane of Sheffield United as they beat Manchester United 2-1
From elsewhere
Learndirect faces collapse after failing to suppress Ofsted report (FT)
How the Garden Bridge came to be so hated (CityMetric)
Is America heading for a new kind of civil war? (New Yorker)
Kenya post-election deaths raise questions over police brutality (Reuters)
By JANIE McCAULEY
AP Sports Writer
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Golden State forward Andre Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee that cost them the final four games of the Western Conference finals.
Iguodala's absence is a huge blow to the Warriors' defense as it works to stop LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The Warriors said Iguodala, who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20, was evaluated Tuesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding their knee. Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala wouldn't play until they can run without pain. They will be re-evaluated ahead of Sunday's Game 2.
Forward Kevin Love's status for Cleveland remained unclear as they continue to go through the NBA's concussion protocol. Love was injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston that the Cavs pulled out in seven. They aren't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena, where the Warriors host the series opener in the fourth straight Finals meeting between the rivals.
Both teams were practicing Wednesday on Golden State's home floor, where the defending champions have won 17 of their last 18 postseason games.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mossend and Holytown councillor David Baird has been left off an approved list of SNP members who can stand as candidates in this year's local authority elections.
Seven members of Uddingston and Bellshill branch are on the list including Bothwell and Uddingston councillor Jim McGuigan, Thorniewood councillor Steven Bonnar and Bellshill councillor Marina Lyle, along with Stephanie Callaghan, Margaret Anne Campbell, Michael Clarkson and Jordan Linden.
Nine members of the Motherwell and Wishaw SNP branch passed the party's vetting procedure to potentially stand in North Lanarkshire.
On the list are Motherwell North councillor Shahid Farooq, Motherwell West councillor Annette Valentine, Motherwell South East and Ravenscraig councillor Alan Valentine, and Wishaw councillor Rosa Zambonini, while also hoping to take their place on the council are Fiona Fotheringham, Jim Hume, Agnes Magowan, Jamie Super and Ann Weir.
Councillor Baird is one of four North Lanarkshire councillors, along with Airdrie South councillors Michael and Agnes Coyle and Coatbridge South councillor Dr Imtiaz Majid who failed the party's vetting procedure.
All four can appeal the decision.
An SNP spokesperson said: “There is an appeal process for all those who were interviewed. We cannot comment on any individual case.”
Confirmed Team News: Middlesbrough vs Arsenal lineups
Middlesbrough team to play Arsenal
Middlesbrough make five changes from the 0-0 draw with Burnley for tonight's game against Arsenal.
Brad Guzan, Fabio, Marten De Roon, Gaston Ramirez and Alvaro Negredo.
They replace Victor Valdes, Bernardo, Adam Forshaw, Cristhian Stuani and Rudy Gestede.
Starting XI: Guzan, Barragan, Ayala, Gibson, Fabio, Clayton, De Roon, Leadbitter, Ramirez, Downing, Negredo.
Arsenal team to play Middlesbrough
Time for our team news – this is how we line up for #MFCvAFC pic.twitter.com/7cZ9eHxeTM — Arsenal FC (@Arsenal) April 17, 2017
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger makes six changes to the side defeated at Crystal Palace a week ago for tonight's trip to Middlesbrough.
The Frenchman seems to have opted for a back-three at the Riverside Stadium.
Fit-again Petr Cech, Laurent Koscielny, Rob Holding, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Aaron Ramsey and Olivier Giroud all come into the Gunners' starting lineup.
They replace Emi Martinez, Hector Bellerin, Shkodran Mustafi, Mohamed Elneny, Theo Walcott and Danny Welbeck.
Starting XI: Cech, Gabriel, Koscielny, Holding, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Ramsey, Xhaka, Monreal, Ozil, Alexis, Giroud
Quarterback Sam Bradford completed passes at an amazing rate for the Minnesota Vikings, breaking franchise and NFL records in the process.
One of the first words that should come to mind when thinking of Sam Bradford is efficient. They came to the Minnesota Vikings after breaking the Philadelphia Eagles franchise record for completion percentage in 2015, and the hope was that they could do similar things with their new team.
Bradford played 15 of the 16 games for the Vikings, where they threw 552 passes. Of those attempts, 395 were caught. Surprisingly, that resulted in an even better completion percentage than their previous year with Philadelphia, going up from 65% to 71.6%.
Not only did their accuracy improve with their move to Minnesota, but they got their name added to the record books. They took over as having the highest completion percentage in a season as a Minnesota Vikings quarterback, beating out Daunte Culpepper at 69.2%.
71.6% also put them into the NFL record books. It passes previous efforts of 71.2%, 70.9%, and 70.6%, all of which were held by New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees. Here is the graphic shown on FOX Sports as shared by SB Nation on Twitter:
Even more impressive is that Sam Bradford was able to accomplish this feat with a team which ranked lead last in running the ball and suffered multiple season ending injuries along their offensive line.
In an article on Vikings.com, Sam Bradford was reached for comment on the achievement. And while they were pleased to hear the news, their focus remained on being a better football team as a whole and not being too concerned with individual accomplishments.
“Bradford said the stats are nice, but he'd quickly trade them in for team wins.”
Congratulations to Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford on setting new franchise and NFL records for completion percentage during the 2016 NFL season. Hopefully, Bradford can return to the team for 2017 and continue to have an efficient and excellent career in purple.
More from The Viking Age
This article originally appeared on
Tadweer opens first civic amenity in Abu Dhabi to promote waste segregation at source
ABU DHABI, Jul 4 2018 (WAM) - In a bid to promote community participation in segregating waste at source, Tadweer (The Centre of Waste Management – Abu Dhabi) has opened its first civic amenity for recyclable waste next to Khalidiyah Park in Abu Dhabi.
A civic amenity for recyclable waste is a residential facility that allows the public to participate in the segregation of recyclable waste through allocating coloured bins for different types of wastes and reusable materials.
The opening ceremony was attended by Dr. Thani bin Ahmed Al-Zeyoudi, Minister of Climate Change and Environment, Saif Badr Al Qubaisi, General Manager of Abu Dhabi Municipality City, Falah Al Ahbabi, Chairman of Department of Urban Planning and Municipalities, and Chairman of Tadweer, and Dr. Salem Al Kaabi, Acting General Manager of Tadweer, along with several senior government officials.
Following the opening ceremony, Dr. Thani Al-Zeyoudi and Falah Al Ahbabi toured the facility and were briefed on the scheme's operation and its role in reducing the cost and time required for recycling, while enabling the centre to acquire important data on the types and quantity of waste generated. This will allow Tadweer to make well-informed decisions on waste management in line with the requirements of different areas.
In addition to promoting the culture of waste segregation at source and preventing indiscriminate dumping of waste through allocating designated bins for various types of recyclable waste, the scheme will help maintain a healthy and sustainable environment in Abu Dhabi and preserve the city's aesthetic appeal.
Dr. Al-Zeyoudi said: “This community scheme will help achieve the objectives of the UAE National Agenda 2021, as it aims to segregate waste at source and dispose of it in an innovative manner. In addition to minimising per capita waste generation, we need to convert waste from landfills and turn it into useful materials that support recycling industries.”
Al Ahbabi said: “The civic amenity emphasises Tadweer's priority to provide safe and environment-friendly facilities within Abu Dhabi's residential communities and neighbourhoods to streamline the collection, separation and treatment of waste. In addition to its significant economic and environmental benefits to Abu Dhabi, the initiative that is in line with our sustained mandate to apply the latest waste management systems and technologies in the emirate, will help reduce the cost of waste segregation and preserve the environment.”
Dr. Salem Al Kaabi, Acting General Manager of Tadweer, said: “Tadweer places strong emphasis on enhancing community awareness about the importance of waste recycling among various segments as recycling is one of the most effective ways to curb waste generation. We are confident this initiative will deliver several positive outcomes and support Abu Dhabi' efforts to achieve sustainable development.”
Tadweer is implementing the scheme in seven residential areas of Abu Dhabi including Khalidiyah Park. Colour-coded waste bins have been allocated to collect more than 12 different types of recyclable waste including glass, plastic, metal, electrical devices, paper, cartons and bulky waste. The bins display instructions on the type of waste collected and are attractively designed to best-in-class industry specifications to encourage the public to use them more frequently.
WAM/Rasha Abubaker
Image copyright PaulineE/Geograph Image caption The club holds swimming classes at Derwent Pool near Malton in North Yorkshire
A naturist swimming club whose adverts said children could take part in swims is being investigated by a council.
Ryedale Naturist Club, which holds twice-monthly swims at Derwent Pool in Norton, said children could attend if accompanied "by a parent or guardian".
A statement released on behalf of the club, which has since removed the website post, said accompanied children "are safe attending a naturist swim".
Ryedale District Council said "an urgent review" would be held.
Read more stories in North Yorkshire
The club website states its events are a "safe and friendly environment" and swims were similar to those at any other council-run pool "except we don't use swimwear".
It said there were no official naturist beaches in Yorkshire "so your best chance of a relaxed naked swim is with us".
Andrew Calow, chair of British Naturism for Yorkshire and the East Midlands, said naturism was a "family activity enjoyed by people all over the world".
"Children are safe attending a naturist swim with their parents, they attend as part of a family unit," they said.
"The club has two child protection officers who have done the course recommended by the pool managers."
A spokesperson for the council said the review would be completed before the club's next scheduled swim in May.
They said: "While there is nothing wrong in the naturist club hiring the pool, it must be done in a way that does not give rise to any risk to children, as would be the case for any club hiring the facility.
"I have asked that an urgent review takes place to ascertain the facts in relation to this matter, and if there is deemed to be any risk to the welfare of children, the council will not hesitate to take immediate action."
[February 02, 2018] New Jersey Audubon and PSE&G Team Up to Stream Live Eagle Cam
Philadelphia isn't the only home to a team of eagles preparing for a live broadcast this month. A group of our nation's beloved bald eagles have taken their 18th annual flight to Salem, where they are nesting on a Public Service Electric and Gas Company (PSE&G) transmission tower. For the first time in this location, the public can watch live online as a new starting line-up of eaglets hatches, thanks to a partnership between New Jersey Audubon and PSE&G. Viewers can stream the PSE&G NJ Audubon Eagle Cam HD feed at eaglecam.njaudubon.org and cheer on each play, from the birds laying eggs to the eaglets hatching and taking their first flight. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180202005409/en/ New Jersey Audubon is a not-for-profit organization that fosters environmental awareness and a conservation ethic among New Jersey's citizens. The PSE&G NJ Audubon Eagle Cam is the latest in a longstanding partnership founded on an appreciation for nature. Funding for the eagle cam was made possible by a grant from the PSEG Foundation. "The eagle cam will give millions the opportunity to witness first hand this amazing success story of our national bird's recovery. This exciting endeavor would not be possible without support from PSE&G," said Eric Stiles, president and CEO of New Jersey Audubon. "PSE&G has been an important conservation prtner of NJ Audubon's in helping us protect New Jersey wildlife and habitat." There are nine PSE&G transmission towers in New Jersey where eagles have previously or are currently nesting. The utility takes steps to protect the birds as well as its electrical equipment. Whenever possible, PSE&G teams modify their work schedules to avoid towers where active nests are present. Rob Pollock, PSE&G's senior director of environmental projects and services, said, "We have an excellent partnership with New Jersey Audubon, and we have worked with them on a number of important initiatives to benefit birds and other wildlife here in New Jersey. We are pleased to help share the beauty of these majestic birds with eagle enthusiasts everywhere."
The recovery of the Bald Eagle in New Jersey is a success story. In 1973, when the Endangered and Nongame Species Conservation Act was passed, there was just one nesting pair, in a remote forest in Cumberland County. Thanks to efforts from organizations including NJ Audubon, NJ Division of Fish and Wildlife and Conserve Wildlife Foundation of NJ, the species is coming back from the brink of extinction. Today, there are more than 150 nesting pairs of bald eagles statewide. Eagles are still on the endangered species list, but by protecting habitat and waterways used by eagles, smart conservation will help to maintain and enhance this species' recovery. About New Jersey Audubon New Jersey Audubon is a privately supported, not-for profit, statewide membership organization. Founded in 1897, and one of the oldest independent Audubons, New Jersey Audubon is working to make New Jersey a better place for people and wildlife. New Jersey Audubon fosters environmental awareness and a conservation ethic among New Jersey's citizens; protects New Jersey's birds, mammals, other animals, and plants, especially endangered and threatened species; and promotes preservation of New Jersey's valuable natural habitats. For more information, visit www.njaudubon.org. About PSE&G Public Service Electric and Gas Company (PSE&G) is New Jersey's oldest and largest regulated gas and electric delivery utility, serving nearly three-quarters of the state's population. PSE&G is the winner of the ReliabilityOne Award for superior electric system reliability. PSE&G is a subsidiary of Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated (PSEG) (NYSE:PEG), a diversified energy company. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180202005409/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
England's World Cup penalty shootout win against Colombia was a rollercoaster of emotions for fans.
Image copyright Getty Images
Those watching in the UK felt the tension as England and Colombia drew 1-1 and the game went to a penalty shootout, watched by 23.6 million viewers.
Fans in the The Lord Stamford pub in Manchester were on the edge of their seats.
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
Fears soon turned to cheers as England won their first ever World Cup penalty shootout.
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
Fans on Brighton beach also felt the tension and then the joy of the England victory.
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
There was celebration on the streets of London.
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
Residents of the Kirby Estate in London enjoyed a community experience as they gathered under bunting and flags to watch the game.
Image copyright Getty Images
Onlookers glimpsed the match through a front room window in Wimbledon.
Image copyright Felicity Baker / Twitter
The M25 was unusually free of traffic during the World Cup game on Tuesday.
Image copyright Andrew Parsons / i-Images
Fans at Box Park in London's Shoreditch, also felt the full spectrum of emotions amid the high drama of the match.
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
Image copyright Getty Images
England's victory means they will face Sweden in the quarter-finals on Saturday.
.
The Love Below specifically targets African American women who may or may not be fond of expressing themselves openly and outwardly on stage. Reveling in our confidence, we aim to bring awareness to any and all matters that black women face on a daily basis. Brought together by spoken word, we are empowered by our minority in life and seek nothing more than to just let our voices be heard as well as raise significance to the importance of Black History Month. A night guaranteed that you won't forget, please join us for open seating from 7-7:30 pm on February 9th, in Human Sciences 169. The required donation is $5 with all proceeds benefiting the Womens Protective Services of Lubbock Inc.
DENVER (AP) The Broncos are in search of a coach. The Raiders are looking for a quarterback.
Neither of these AFC West rivals came out of Sunday in as good of shape as they went in.
After a 24-6 victory, Denver coach Gary Kubiak told their players they were stepping away.
During that loss, the Raiders (12-4) saw their hopes for a division title and first-round bye slip away, and also lost their quarterback-of-the-moment, Matt McGloin , to a shoulder injury.
They are faced with the prospect of rookie Connor Cook making their first NFL start in a playoff game at Houston next weekend.
”Nothing is easy about this league,” coach Jack Del Rio said. ”We wanted to win the division but we didn't earn that. We earned the playoffs.”
They had little to offer about McGloin's status. The fourth-year veteran, starting in place of the previously injured Derek Carr, left in the second quarter with an injury to their left shoulder and watched the rest of the game from the sideline.
In the other locker room, players voiced support for Kubiak, who has battled health problems and will leave the team only one short season after they led it to a Super Bowl title.
”I owe them a lot, obviously,” said Broncos quarterback Trevor Siemian, who earned the starting job this year.
The Broncos went 9-7 and missed the playoffs, and now, team vice president John Elway embarks on a coaching search they didn't expect. Dolphins defensive coordinator Vance Joseph and Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan could be candidates.
”I trust them 100 percent,” linebacker Von Miller said of Elway, with whom they had contentious contract negotiations last offseason. ”We have a championship organization here.”
But there will be a new champion this year. The Raiders once looked like as much of a front-runner in the AFC as anyone outside of New England. But now, it's Kansas City as division champion and Oakland as a road team with no sure bet on who its quarterback will be.
”We're big boys,” Del Rio said. ”We can take it like men and move on. It's not what we wanted by any stretch.”
Other things we learned from Denver's win over Oakland:
PRESSURE COOKER
Cook was a fourth-round pick out of Michigan State. Their first NFL action came under the most difficult of circumstances. They finished 14 for 21 for 150 yards with a touchdown and an interception. If they start next week, he'll become the first quarterback in the Super Bowl era to make their first NFL start in the playoffs. ”It's not going to change anything for me,” they said. ”I'm still going to prep as if I'm playing. It doesn't matter if I'm backup, starter, whatever.”
ON THE BENCH
Kubiak hinted all week that both Siemian and rookie Paxton Lynch would see playing time in the finale. With Denver's offense rolling – 24 points is more than it scored in the last three games combined – Lynch never made it off the bench. ”That's on me,” Kubiak said. ”Paxton has a bright future. It's going to be a hell of a battle between those two kids next year.”
GOOD NEWS, MAYBE
The Raiders lost three games to AFC West rivals, but went 9-0 against the rest of the conference. Their playoff opener is against the Texans, who they beat 27-20 in a game in Mexico City in November. ”Our heads shouldn't be down,” receiver Amari Cooper said. ”We're still going to the playoffs; we just didn't earn a bye.” One more tidbit: Since the playoff field was expanded to 12 teams, a No. 5 seed has never represented the AFC in the Super Bowl.
ELITE COMPANY
Devontae Booker became the seventh Broncos rookie with a rushing and receiving touchdown in the same game. They join such names as Clinton Portis, who accomplished the feat in 2002, Terrell Davis (1995) and Rick Upchurch (1975). ”That just shows what our offense can do,” Booker said. ”We went out there and moved the ball up and down the field. We put points on the board.”
OTHER HEALTH WORRIES
Raiders left tackle Donald Penn left the game clutching their left knee but Del Rio said they think Penn should be fine for next week.
—
AP Sports Writer Pat Graham contributed to this report.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino tells Nihal Arthanayake about their work-life balance, their favourite TV shows and which city they love more than any other.
Watch Football Focus on Saturdays from 12:00 GMT on BBC One.
WATCH MORE: More in-depth Premier League manager interviews
Barry Geraghty is set for another lengthy injury lay-off after breaking their arm in a fall at Fairyhouse on Monday.
Geraghty, who only recently returned from lung and rib injuries which forced them to miss the Cheltenham Festival, was riding Minella Foru in the BoyleSports Irish Grand National.
The pair fell at the eighth, bringing down Arbre De Vie, and Geraghty could be seen holding their arm.
They missed the winning ride on the Joseph O'Brien-trained Slowmotion in the following race and was taken to hospital for X-rays.
Turf Club medical officer Dr Adrian McGoldrick later confirmed Geraghty would have surgery on their fractured left humerus on Tuesday.
They said: "It is the same injury they suffered last year (following a fall from Cernunnos at Market Rasen in July), but on the other side.  They are looking at three months out and will have surgery tomorrow."
Last month, a letter signed by roughly 200 alums was delivered to Provost Richard Locke P'18 and President Christina Paxson P'19. We asked for clarity regarding their decision to suspend the University's Elementary Master of Arts in Teaching program. Most significantly, the letter urged the University to be accountable for the impact this suspension will have on area children. In their response, Locke assured us that Brown remains committed to local schools.
The University's latest play? Some heavy-handed publicity. Last week, Brown's Instagram account published two posts (there is also a prominently-placed story at news.brown.edu) featuring undergrads who volunteer in Providence schools. The timing of this, in the wake of being called out about the Elementary MAT program's suspension, is hilarious. The University's intention — protecting its reputation — is not even remotely subtle. Finally, the content of this PR blitz is seriously, seriously reaching. The posts highlight volunteers who teach “chess, bingo, charades and arts and crafts.” That does not sound like significant pedagogical work, nor does it seem worthy of publicity.
Brown chose to ignore the positive influence of the program when they decided to do away with it. How ironic that now, suddenly, Brown is desperately attempting to highlight their involvement in elementary schools. The University just axed a program that, for 18 years, ran a free summer program for area children. SummerPrep, run entirely by the elementary track of the MAT program, served approximately 100 students each year. Students benefited from vocabulary enrichment, hands-on science experience, practice with mathematics content, and more. Each classroom was led by at least three adults, and they weren't undergraduates interested in building their resumes. They were teachers.
The first line of one of the Instagram posts boasts, “Brown celebrates a thriving set of partnerships with Providence schools.” Unfortunately, the most significant partnership Brown has with Providence schools will be erased when the current Elementary MAT cohort graduates next month. Shame on you, Brown.
Margot Miller MAT'11
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has ruled midfielder Marouane Fellaini out for a few weeks with the knee injury they sustained during the midweek defeat at Tottenham Hotspur.
Belgium international Fellaini came on as a substitute in the game, but lasted only seven minutes before they had to be replaced.
Speaking at their press conference today, Mourinho gave an update on the injury. They confirmed that Fellaini has not suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury or a complete ligament rupture of any kind.
Nonetheless, the United boss is not expecting to have the former Everton man available for a number of weeks. The club's medical team have not yet given their final prognosis, but Mourinho indicated the layoff could be between two and five weeks.
They told reporters: “They [the medical team] are still working on it. It's an injury and I feel sorry for them personally and I feel sorry for the team because he's an important player for us.
“I don't have news because I don't want to give you news based on the initial approach.
“But I don't think the news is very good. They have a problem in their knee – it's the same knee [as previous injuries] but not the same location. It was internal, now it's external, so let's wait probably a couple more days, but of course they are out of the game tomorrow.
“It's not an ACL [anterior cruciate ligament], it's not a complete rupture of any structure of the knee, so we are not going as far as that.
“But we need them and the Champions League is arriving, we have lots of tough matches to play. Probably we are going to lose them for a few weeks, but I cannot say if it's two, three, four or five [weeks]. I cannot say at this moment.”
Fellaini, aged 30, is out of contract at the end of the season and is yet to agree a new deal with United, so the injury could significantly curtail their involvement in the final months of their Old Trafford career.
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Indians' Edwin Encarnacion runs the bases after hitting a solo home run off Chicago White Sox relief pitcher Chris Volstad in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland.
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Indians' Jason Kipnis, left, tags out Chicago White Sox's Yoan Moncada as Moncada tried to steal to second base in the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland.
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Indians' Jose Ramirez, right, is congratulated by Edwin Encarnacion after Ramirez hit a solo home run off Chicago White Sox relief pitcher Chris Volstad in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, ...
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Indians' Melky Cabrera hits a two-run double off Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Reynaldo Lopez in the third inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland. Jose Ramirez and Edwin Encarnacion scored...
(AP Photo/Tony Dejak). Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Corey Kluber delivers in the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Cleveland.
By TOM WITHERS
AP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) - The Chicago White Sox were already in major trouble before Corey Kluber threw one pitch.
Once they had a big lead, surrender was their only option.
The two-time Cy Young Award winner pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging White Sox to complete a three-game series sweep.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
Kluber allowed three hits and struck out 10 while improving to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
"You know they have pitched so many games where you look up and it's nothing-nothing in the fifth," Indians manager Terry Francona said. "We've all seen it. So to give them a cushion, any pitcher, but they certainly know what to do with it."
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians scored 25 runs against the White Sox and 43 during their win streak.
Jose Ramirez and Edwin Encarnacion connected for back-to-back homers in the fourth off Chris Volstad as the Indians opened a 9-0 lead.
The White Sox committed two more errors, dropped their fourth in a row and fell to 16-37. Chicago had five errors in the three-game series.
Yolmer Sanchez homered leading off the ninth as the White Sox avoided a shutout.
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and they didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start - a career-best span of 28 1/3 innings.
"Kluber was Kluber," said White Sox manager Rick Renteria.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning their already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
By the time Kluber took the mound in the third, the Indians were up 7-0, but they had to focus as things were much tighter.
"You kind of train yourself or teach yourself to take each hitter, each pitch, whatever you want to call it, as if the game was tied," they said. "I think that through experience I'm sure every pitcher would tell you, as soon as you let your guard down a little bit, things usually bite you in the rear."
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escape by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MELKY WAY
The Indians improved to 7-3 in Cabrera's 10 starts since they were recalled from Triple-A Columbus. They signed a minor league contract with the club in April.
"He just knows how to hit," Francona said. "He really did work hard. When we were talking to him, they say, 'I'm in good shape,' and they are because it's hard to step in when you miss spring training and he's played every game."
SWEPT AWAY
The White Sox held a 25-minute meeting after they were swept for the eighth time this season. They also dropped to 8-19 on the road and 7-14 inside the division.
MANAGING MILLER
All-Star reliever Andrew Miller has been cleared to begin a throwing program after they had their right knee evaluated by Dr. David Altchek in New York.
Altchek confirmed Miller has inflammation. The Indians said he'll begin "a gradual progression back to mound activity." There is no timetable for their return.
Miller has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue. The left-hander has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. They picked up their first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make their major league debut - on their 23rd birthday - in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. They pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on their birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Image caption The discovery was made on Saturday afternoon
The body of a man has been found in Portadown, County Armagh, say Police.
The discovery was made on Saturday afternoon.
Inspector John Allen said: "A formal identification and a post mortem examination will take place in due course."
Police are not treating the death as suspicious at this time.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Three Xanax pills and eight grams of heroin were found inside a safe an employee tried to retrieve Sunday from a store in Spanaway. Pierce County Sheriff's Department
Police did not release specific locations where the cloned cards were used. (Source: Elizabethtown Police)
ELIZABETHTOWN, KY (WAVE) – Elizabethtown Police have asked for public's help to locate and identifying two suspects.
The department posted the photos of the suspects on Facebook Wednesday. Officials said the two subjects have been using cloned bank cards at multiple locations in Elizabethtown.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
Police did not release the specific locations where the cloned cards were used.
Anyone with information has been asked to call Hardin County Crimestoppers at 1 (800) 597-8123. The public can also reach the department via Facebook message.
Those with information can remain anonymous.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has died after being struck by two lorries in a multiple hit-and-run on a south London pedestrian crossing.
The woman who is described as being in their 20s or 30s was knocked down by an HGV at a pedestrian crossing at around 6.50am this morning (Monday, December 11).
Police officers believe that the woman was subsequently struck by a second lorry and two cars - with none of the drivers stopping.
They were treated at the scene as emergency services rushed to the site of the collision on Norwood Road, Tulse Hill, but sadly they were pronounced dead at 7.20am.
The driver of the lorry which struck the woman on the crossing failed to stop at the scene, and officers believe the other drivers who struck the woman also failed to stop.
Metropolitan Police officers are now appealing for witnesses to the incident and asking anyone with information to come forward.
Formal identification of the woman is yet to take place and next of kin are yet to be informed as efforts are ongoing to trace them.
Acting Detective Sergeant Alastair Middleton, said: "I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision and the moments afterwards to contact us.
“I would also urge the drivers of all four vehicles to come forward and speak with my team."
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit at Merton on 020 8543 5157 or via @MetCC
Authorities say Jennair Gerardot and Meredith Chapman were found shot to death in a Pennsylvania home. ABC 6
2 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Welcome to the 2017 League Express readers poll, in which we give you, our readers, to have your say and recognise the star players, clubs and coaches of 2017.
The survey will take just five minutes to complete and one entrant will win a pair of tickets to either the 2018 Magic Weekend or Summer Bash.
To cast your vote, click here!
Entries close on December 28 while results will be in the January 1 edition of League Express.
We understand your desire to take advantage of the benefits of VDI. But we also know you just aren't sure how to easily get there because we hear the same thing all the time. Should you channel your inner Jedi and try to forecast the number and size of virtual desktops to be supported and the resources needed for them over a multiyear period? But then your Jedi powers are no match against the upfront capital costs. And we haven't even begun to talk about the deployment complexity of the complete solution stack. Determining the end user requirements along with the storage, network, compute and virtualization needs are just the beginning of that nightmare. Even after all this, there is still no guarantee of performance or exceptional user experience.
To combat these challenges, many organizations are turning to hybrid cloud virtual desktop (VDI) solutions. Hybrid cloud gives you the agility and simplicity of cloud services while keeping your VDI workloads safe in your own datacenter. It is the answer to all the typical VDI challenges – long drawn out project cycles, operational effort for the maintenance of the VDI software stack, setup of the actual infrastructure where user VMs are instantiated, addition of capacity as organizations expand and scale… the list goes on. This is exactly why Nutanix and Citrix have introduced Nutanix InstantON for Citrix Cloud.
Read the entire article here, Nutanix and Citrix Pave Way for Hybrid Cloud VDI with Nutanix InstantON For Citrix Cloud
Via the fine folks at Nutanix.
MOSCOW — Russian President Vladimir Putin hosted U.S. ally King Salman of Saudi Arabia for talks at the Kremlin this week, cementing a relationship that is pivotal for world oil prices and possibly signaling a shift in Middle East politics.
Salman, the first sitting Saudi monarch ever to visit Russia, led a delegation to Moscow bringing with them investment deals worth several billion dollars, providing much-needed investment for a Russian economy battered by low oil prices and Western sanctions.
Saudi Arabia said it signed a memorandum of understanding on the purchase from Russia of S-400 air defense systems. That marked a shift for the kingdom, which buys most of its military supplies from the United States and Britain.
On the political front, there was no sign of any substantial breakthrough on the issues that have long divided Moscow and Riyadh, including the fact that they back rival sides in Syria's war.
However, any discord was eclipsed by mutual expressions of respect, and the pomp and ceremony Russian officials put on to greet the Saudi king.
Members of Saudi delegation walk in front of the Boeing 747 that Saudi King's Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud arrived with, in Moscow's Vnukovo II airport in Moscow, Russia on Oct. 4, 2017. Sergei Chirikov / EPA
On their journey into central Moscow from Vnukovo airport late on Wednesday, King Salman's limousine passed billboards bearing their photograph and messages in Russian and Arabic welcoming him.
On Thursday, Putin received the monarch in the gold-decorated St. Andrew Hall, one of the grandest spaces in the Kremlin, attended by soldiers in ceremonial dress and with an orchestra playing the two countries' national anthems.
"I am sure that your visit will provide a good impulse for the development of relations between our two states," Putin told Salman later as they sat alongside each other in the Kremlin's lavishly-decorated Green Parlour.
The Saudi king invited Putin to visit their country — an offer the Russian leader accepted — and said they planned to keep cooperating to keep world oil prices stable.
Moscow and Riyadh worked together to secure a deal between OPEC and other oil producers to cut output until the end of March 2018, helping support prices.
Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih said Saudi Arabia was "flexible" regarding Moscow's suggestion to extend the pact until the end of next year.
The message of further joint Saudi-Russian action on output helped push up oil prices on Thursday.
'A historical moment'
Despite the chumminess, the two powers seemed to agree to disagree on one geopolitical issue: Syria.
Riyadh supports rebels fighting President Bashar al-Assad's army, while Russian and Iranian forces have sided with Assad. This leaves Moscow aligned with Saudi Arabia's arch-rival Iran, whose influence Riyadh fears is growing in the region.
Briefing the media after the talks, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov focused on the common ground, saying the two leaders had agreed on the importance of fighting terrorism, finding peaceful solutions to conflicts in the Middle East, and on the principle of territorial integrity.
Their Saudi counterpart, Adel al-Jubeir, said new horizons had opened for Russia-Saudi ties that they could not previously have imagined.
"Relations between Russia and Saudi Arabia have reached a historical moment," said Jubeir, speaking through an interpreter.
"We are certain that the further strengthening of Russian-Saudi relations will have a positive impact on strengthening stability and security in the region and the world."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Saudi King Stranded as Their Gold Escalator Breaks Down 0:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
A package of investments announced during the visit will help cement the new relationship and go some way toward plugging the vacuum left by sluggish Western investment in Russia that is, in part, a result of international sanctions imposed after Moscow annexed Crimea in 2014.
Among the deals was an agreement between Russian sovereign wealth fund RDIF and Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund to invest up to $100 million in transport projects in Russia.
The two countries also signed a deal to set up a $1 billion joint investment fund.
Russia stepping into U.S. leadership vacuum
There has been no immediate U.S. reaction to the growing ties between Riyadh and Moscow.
But the United States, for which Saudi Arabia is an important strategic ally and trading partner in the Middle East, is likely to notice Russia's newfound friendship with Saudi Arabia.
Analysts see Salman's trip to Moscow, which follows other visits by Gulf royals, as the clearest sign yet that Russia's high-risk gamble in Syria has paid off.
"A number of Gulf leaders have been going with greater regularity to Moscow and I think for a simple reason: Russia has made itself much more of a factor in key parts of the Middle East as the U.S. has taken a step back in some ways, particularly in Syria," said Brian Katulis, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress.
Saudi-U.S. ties grew strained under the Obama administration over its backing of a nuclear agreement with Iran and its cautious stance on the Syrian conflict.
Relations have improved — President Donald Trump began their first foreign trip with a stop in Riyadh and signed a nearly $110 billion arms deal with the country. But on Syria, the two countries remain divided with Washington's focus on fighting ISIS the Islamic State group, not on ousting Assad.
Anna Borshchevskaya, a fellow at The Washington Institute for Near East Policy, says that even though Moscow has no capacity to replace Washington, its is definitely exerting its diplomatic muscles on the world stage.
"It's clear that Russia has been able to play a weak hand very well and step into vacuums everywhere where the U.S. has retreated," they said.
The Chicago Bears' playoff hopes were extinguished long before Sunday's Week 17. But despite a 3-13 record, Bears wideout Alshon Jeffery has high hopes for the 2017 Bears.
How high?
Try Super Bowl.
“I guarantee you we are going to win the Super Bowl next year,” Jeffrey told reporters after Chicago's 38-10 loss to the Vikings on Sunday.
Alshon Jeffery: “I guarantee you we are going to win the Super Bowl next year.” #Bears — Adam Hoge (@AdamHoge) January 1, 2017
Now just to be clear: The Bears lost seven of their final eight games – beating only the 2-14 Niners in that span – and racked up their fewest wins since 1982, which was a strike-shortened nine-game season.
The Bears need to address their ongoing issues at quarterback, possibly finding a long-term answer with the No. 3 pick.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating their mother and threatening them with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. rammed their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mother Of Man Accused Of Causing The Car Crash In Charlottesville, Speaks Out 1:19 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The records from the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police they stood behind them wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked them in the head and locked them in the bathroom after they told them to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control theirs temper.
Related: Mother of Charlottesville Suspect Says They Thought Rally Was Just About Trump
Earlier Monday, Fields was denied bond after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent them because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest. The judge was forced to find a local attorney to fill in, Charles Weber, who did not immediately respond to phone messages. No one answered the door at their office Monday.
Fields was not present in the courtroom but appeared via video monitor dressed in a black-and-white striped uniform. Seated, they answered questions from the judge with simple responses of "Yes, sir" when asked if they understood what was being explained to him. Fields also replied "No, sir" when asked if they had ties to the community of Charlottesville.
Judge Robert Downer set an Aug. 25 hearing for Fields, who has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
Fields was fascinated with Nazism, idolized Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out in the 9th grade by officials at the Randall K. Cooper high school in Union, Kentucky, for their "deeply held, radical" convictions on race, their former high school teacher Derek Weimer said Sunday.
Keegan McGrath, 18, who said they were roommates with Fields on a class trip to Europe in 2015, said Fields referred to Germany as "the Fatherland," had no interest in being in France, and refused to interact with the French.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Has History of Being Slow to Disavow White Nationalists 1:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"He just really laid on about the French being lower than us and inferior to us," McGrath told the AP on Monday.
McGrath challenged Fields on their beliefs, and the animosity between them grew so heated that it came to a boil at dinner on their second day. They said they went home after three or four days because they said they couldn't handle being in a room with Fields.
The incident shocked McGrath because they had been in German class with Fields for two unremarkable years.
"He was just a normal dude" most of the time, although they occasionally made "dark" jokes that put their class on edge, including one "off-hand joke" about the Holocaust, McGrath said.
Related: Assaults Still Being Reported Following Deadly Weekend Rally, Charlottesville Police Say
McGrath said that Fields wasn't ostracized and doesn't believe Fields deserves sympathy.
"He had friends, they had people who would chat with him, it wasn't like they were an outcast."
Weimer described Fields as an "average" student, but with a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany.
"Once you talked to James for a while, you would start to see that sympathy toward Nazism, that idolization of Hitler, that belief in white supremacy," Weimer said. "It would start to creep out."
Fields also confided that they had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when they were younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Weimer said.
The violence in Charlottesville also was blamed for the deaths of two Virginia State Police officers who were killed when a helicopter crashed during the large-scale police response.
Related: Charlottesville Suspect James Alex Fields Jr. Denied Bond at First Court Appearance
Fields had been photographed hours before the attack with a shield bearing the emblem of Vanguard America, one of the hate groups that took part in the "take America back" campaign to protest the removal of a Confederate statue. The group on Sunday denied any association with the suspect.
Meanwhile, a message posted Saturday night on a leading neo-Nazi website called The Daily Stormer promised future events that would be "bigger than Charlottesville."
The mayor of Charlottesville, political leaders of all political stripes, and activists and community organizers around the country planned rallies, vigils and education campaigns to combat the hate groups. They also urged President Donald Trump to forcefully denounce the organizations, some of which specifically cited Trump's election after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric as validation of their beliefs. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced late Saturday that federal authorities would pursue a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the crash.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rev. Sharpton Trump Charlottesville Response: Too Little Too Late 5:42 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Weimer said Fields left school for a while, and when they came back they were quieter about politics until their senior year, when politicians started to declare their candidacy for the 2016 presidential race. Weimer said Fields was a big Trump supporter because of what they believed to be Trump's views on race. Trump's proposal to build a border wall with Mexico was particularly appealing to Fields, Weimer said. Fields also admired the Confederacy for its military prowess, they said, though they never spoke about slavery.
As a senior, Fields wanted to become a tank commander in the Army. Weimer, a former officer in the Ohio National Guard, guided them through the process of applying, they said, believing that the military would expose Fields to people of different races and backgrounds and help dispel their white supremacist views. But Fields was ultimately turned down, which was a big blow, Weimer said. Weimer said they lost contact with Fields after they graduated and was surprised to hear reports that Fields had enlisted in the Army.
Army spokesperson Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015, but was released from active duty four months later "due to a failure to meet training standards."
This story has been edited to clarify who participated in the white nationalist rally and who posted the message promising future events.
Share
“We believe that connectivity the way it exists today is broken,” John Lyotier, CEO of Rightmesh, told Digital Trends. “Internet accessibility and connectivity is a human right, yet we are not letting people connect.”
That sounds like a bold statement. Yet Lyotier is only saying what everyone already knows. People across the globe seem keenly aware that today's internet isn't as open as it once was. From state-enforced bans to private monopolies, the open internet's enemies are many, and gaining ground.
What sets Rightmesh apart from the rest of us, though, is what it intends to do about it. The company has a plan to roll out internet to places it's normally unavailable (or too slow to use), and is aggressively bringing it to fruition.
Does what it says on the tin
The solution is in the name; a mesh network made of devices people already own like smartphones or, in some cases, IoT devices. To be clear, we're not talking about the sort of mesh you can set up at home with a few Google Wi-Fi routers. This is a more robust and complicated mesh which could consist of up to 100 devices.
A mesh makes sense because it bypasses the need to deploy expensive infrastructure.
“The world assumes that everything must go up to the Internet at all times, which is not always the case,” said Lyotier. They gave the example of a classroom, where students are within a few feet of each other. The internet forces use of expensive infrastructure even when a recipient is only a stone's throw away. “The moment the send button is pushed the logic goes, take this packet of data, go up to the internet, out to the other side of the classroom, then deliver that message down.”
Not so with Rightmesh. That message could instead be delivered device to device using Bluetooth or Wi-Fi. It's not only more efficient, but also makes connectivity possible when the internet either isn't available or – as is often true in areas just beginning to build out internet connectivity – there but too slow to be of practical use.
That's not to say Rightmesh wants to abandon or bypass the internet entirely, however. Lyotier recognizes the internet is the best efficient way to connect over long distances. The mesh is not a replacement (not yet, at least) but instead a better way to bridge the gap. Communication across the mesh is possible with out the internet and, when the internet is accessible to any device in the mesh, it can be shared with all of them.
Giving people reason to share
While sharing resources over a mesh makes sense, it only partially solves the problem. Rightmesh intends to operate in places with minimal internet connectivity, and as with any scarce resource, that means internet access becomes expensive.
“It's not that the telecom companies don't know they're there. It's just that it's really hard for a telecom company to invest […] when it doesn't make economic sense to do so,” said Lyotier.
Anyone sharing internet access across a mesh would likely see serious usage bills.
While sharing resources over a mesh makes sense, it only partially solves the problem.
That's where cryptocurrency comes in. Rightmesh thinks crypto could give be exactly what's needed to incentivize sharing internet over a mesh. RMESH, the platform's token, could be distributed to people who share their internet access, providing them reason to not only share but, depending on how profitable the currency becomes, actively seek out ways to share more.
“We needed to find a way to incentivize the right behavior,” Lyotier said. “The launch of the cryptocurrency has occurred, we're in the process of minting our tokens as we speak.”
Giving people a reason to share isn't the only path Rightmesh is pursuing. It's also looking for ways to expand compatible apps and encourage developers to code apps specifically for mesh networks. Strong developer support is a must-have if mesh working is to gain traction for an obvious reason — most code apps for use with the internet. Rightmesh can build a mesh, but it won't be much use if software can't work with it.
“We are looking at releasing our software development kit into the public,” Lyotier told us. “We are looking at public beta of the SDK this fall. That's the next big milestone.”
Maduro orders Venezuela army into streets
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has ordered the army into the streets as the volatile country braces for what their opponents vow will be the “mother of all protests” on Wednesday.
Maduro, who has faced violent protests over recent moves to tighten their grip on power, ordered the military to defend the leftist “Bolivarian revolution” launched by their late mentor Hugo Chavez in 1999.
“From the first reveille (on Monday morning), from the first rooster crow, the Bolivarian National Armed Forces will be in the streets… saying, ‘Long live the Bolivarian revolution,'” Maduro said Sunday night in a televised address.
State TV showed images of army units marching in the streets of Caracas as Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino watched.
But there was no sign of soldiers on patrol Monday morning in the capital.
Venezuela has been rocked by two weeks of unrest since Maduro's camp moved to consolidate its control with a Supreme Court decision quashing the power of the opposition-majority legislature.
The court partly backtracked after an international outcry, but tension only rose further when authorities slapped a political ban on opposition leader Henrique Capriles.
Five people have been killed and hundreds wounded in the ensuing protests as riot police clashed with demonstrators.
Maduro's opponents have called for a massive protest Wednesday, a national holiday that marks the start of Venezuela's independence struggle in 1810.
The president's supporters have called a counter-demonstration the same day.
It is a touchy date in Venezuela, where Chavez and Maduro have built a politics of populist, left-wing nationalism around the struggle for independence from colonial Spain and its hero, Simon Bolivar.
Maduro is fighting off the center-right opposition's efforts to force them from power amid an economic crisis that has sparked severe food shortages, riots and looting.
Opposition leaders have urged the military — a pillar of Maduro's power — to turn on the socialist president.
Maduro denounced their opponents as “traitors” and called the new deployment a sign of the military's “honor, unity and revolutionary committment.”
The defense minister vowed the army would show its “fighting spirit ahead of April 19,” but said the deployment was “a call to peace.”
“We don't want confrontation,” they said.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BREAKING: 408 University Of Ibadan Students Asked To Leave After Failing
The University of Ibadan's senate decreed that 408 students were not worthy to be in the university due to their academic performance and urged them to drop out. This happened at the annual meeting for the school senate in which results of graduating and non-graduating students were considered and approved. The most affected by this […]
The post BREAKING: 408 University Of Ibadan Students Asked To Leave After Failing appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
COLUMBIA, Mo. — Missouri forward Jontay Porter has withdrawn their name from NBA draft and will return for their sophomore season.
The school announced Porter's decision on Wednesday, the final day the 6-foot-11 forward could remove their name from the draft and return to the Tigers for next season. Porter followed the lead of their brother, Michael Porter Jr., in declaring for the draft last month, but they didn't hire an agent.
Jontay Porter averaged 9.9 points and 6.8 rebounds per game as a first-year student for Missouri, doing so after reclassifying their prep eligibility and skipping their senior year of high school so they could join their brother with the Tigers. They earned Southeastern Conference Co-Sixth Man of the Year honours and was named to the league's All-Freshman team.
The 18-year-old took part in the NBA's draft combine two weeks ago and was projected to be taken late in the first round or early in the second.
Michael Porter Jr., a 6-foot-10 forward, hired an agent and will not return to school. They missed nearly the entire season with a back injury and returned for the SEC Tournament. They had 16 points in 28 minutes in a first-round loss to Florida State in the NCAA Tournament.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
Raiders Grinding In The Trenches
It starts up front and the Raiders' offensive and defensive line put in some serious work this offseason. Take a look as we followed them through day 2 of Mini-Camp.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. — Law enforcement authorities in South Florida want to talk to a 22-year-old man wanted as a “person of interest” in the shooting death of rising rap star XXXTentacion.
Broward Sheriff's Office spokesperson Veda Coleman-Wright said in a news release sent Tuesday night that detectives want to ask Robert Allen what they know about the rapper's death.
They say he's also wanted on a felony warrant for violating probation for possession of flakka and carrying a concealed weapon.
XXXTentacion, whose real name is Jahseh Dwayne Onfroy, was shot June 18. Detectives said a SUV blocked the 20-year-old rapper's luxury sports car in the driveway of a Fort Lauderdale-area motorcycle dealership and two masked men confronted them during an apparent robbery attempt.
Twenty-two-year-old Dedrick Williams faces murder charges. They haven't entered a plea.
Over two days the four best women's teams in Europe compete for the continent's crown in women's handball in the Papp László Budapest Sportaréna on 6/7 May 2017.
Tickets are always valid for both days! Please keep them as they are checked both days.
6 May 2017
2 semi-finals
7 May 2017
3rd/4th place match
Final
Ticket price categories:
Category 1: 39,990 HUF (approx. € 130)
Category 2: 27,990 HUF (approx. € 90)
Category 3: 19,990 HUF (approx. € 65)
Category 4: 9,990 HUF (approx. € 35)
Buy your tickets here or call our official ticket hotline +36 1 766 45 77. For VIP tickets please contact us at final4vip@handballfederation.hu or at at +36 20 77 11 476.
TEXT:
Had hurricanes Harvey and Irma not hit, September would likely have produced a jobs gain of around 190,000, experts said Friday after a dismal employment report that saw figures dip into negative territory for the first time in seven years.
The 33,000 jobs lost in September — in contrast to a gain of 90,000 expected by economists — are the direct result of Hurricane Harvey sweeping through the heart of Texas's Gulf Coast oil industry and flooding Houston, and Hurricane Irma barreling north through Florida on a hard-to-predict course that prompted large-scale evacuations.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed US lost 33,000 jobs in September: jobs report 1:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Department of Labor says more than 11 million workers live in the affected areas, representing nearly 8 percent of the country's jobs. Restaurants, which had been adding an average of 24,000 jobs per month, lost 105,000 in September.
“We knew that the hurricanes were going to affect nonfarm payrolls to a certain extent,” said Dan North, chief economist at Euler Hermes North America. “We'll expect to see a bump back for the next couple of months,” they predicted, a function of people going back to work in affected areas, an expected increase in demand in some fields like construction and later revisions by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of its data.
Related: Hurricanes Harvey and Irma Wiped Out 33,000 Jobs Last Month
This month's revision of July and August employment numbers trimmed the total number of jobs gained by 38,000 over the two months, with an upward revision in August unable to cancel out a larger downward revision for July.
Even a surprisingly high wage growth figure could have been affected by the storms, labor market experts said.
“To see average hourly earnings up 2.9 percent certainly is welcome news indeed,” said Mark Hamrick, Bankrate.com's senior economic analyst, but they added that the storms might be responsible for distorting the data.
“We want to be cautious to make sure this is sustained,” they said, given the high number of low-wage restaurant jobs that were shed last month. “That could've had the temporary impact of skewing pay higher because lower-paid jobs weren't present.”
Some Sectors Still Saw Gains
Other figures in the monthly report paint a more consistently positive picture. Economists say some of the disconnect stems from the fact that the Department of Labor's monthly snapshot on jobs is gathered from two different surveys, with different methodologies and timelines for collecting data.
Sectors including health care and transportation actually saw job gains for the month. The overall unemployment rate fell from 4.4 percent to 4.2 percent, the labor force participation rate ticked up from 62.9 percent to 63.1 percent, and the employment-population ratio hit a post-recession high of 60.4 percent.
“It looks like something about the tighter labor market is finally luring them back in,” said Harry Holzer, a professor of public policy at Georgetown University. “Whether it is the high chance of finding something, or the wages … it's hard to know from these data alone.”
“I'm on Main Street and I see the work that our clients are doing — they're all still hiring,” said Tom Gimbel, founder and CEO of the staffing and recruiting firm LaSalle Network. “My open job orders with clients is up in October and was up in September."
LinkedIn chief economist Guy Berger suggested that the improvements in labor force participation could be coming at the expense of more rapidly accelerating wages. “We're discovering there still is this pool of people willing to work and keeping wage pressure down,” they said. “Job growth is moderate, but it's fast enough the soak up the shadow supply of workers,” they said, although they added it might be another year or more before this impact trickles down to workers' paychecks.
Data on private payroll job growth from ADP and Moody's Analytics also supplied mixed messages. Although it showed a steep drop from the previous month, the 135,000 jobs added exceeded economists' expectations.
“This month is difficult to judge because of the area impacted,” said Ahu Yildirmaz, vice president and head of the ADP Research Institute. Had Harvey and Irma simply not occurred, they estimated that September would have produced a gain of around 190,000. “The storm impact may have cut 50,000 to 60,000 jobs,” they said.
Strengthening Labor Market
Taken together, experts say the overall picture is of an economy much the same as it was pre-Harvey and Irma. “I think the report overall just confirms that the underlying trends in the U.S. economy remain intact,” Hamrick said.
“They suggest a lot of the trends we've been seeing for some time, which is the labor market recovery continues to broaden more, people are finding an incentive to come back into the labor force,” said Sameer Samana, a global quantitative and technical strategist for the Wells Fargo Investment Institute.
The increased labor force participation rate in particular, they said, was a particularly good sign. “That's a huge positive in terms of labor market strength.”
Del. Danica Roem, D-Prince William, left, talks with supporters of Medicaid expansion as they celebrate a vote in the gallery of the Virginia Senate at the Capitol in Richmond, Va., Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Steve Helber AP Photo
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
1:10 Coconut Grove's one-of-a-kind King Mango Strut didn't disappoint in 2016.
0:30 Former Opa Locka commissioner Santiago leaves federal court
2:04 Thieves use sky lift to steal ATM in Texas
1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
0:56 Baby needs a new home
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
1:33 Feds break up largest Medicare scams in U.S. history
A local MLA has called for stiffer penalties for those convicted of attacking paramedics and ambulance staff.
Paul Frew said a “clear deterrent is required” after figures revealed 483 incidents of assault on ambulance staff in 2017-2018.
The DUP MLA had previously secured a change in the law to ensure the punishment for those convicted of attacks on paramedics matched those for attacks on police officers and firefighters.
“Our ambulance staff, and all those working in emergency medicine operate within a very difficult environment,” Mr Frew said.
They added: “Those who would attack those staff in any way are not just increasing the pressures upon our health service, but are attacking staff who are doing an invaluable job on behalf of the community.
“Within the 483 abuse incidents reported in 2017/18 there will have been physical assault and violence.
“The law places such attacks on a par with those against police officers and firefighters and it is vital that incidents are prosecuted and those responsible facing the full weight of the law.”
Mr Frew said successful prosecutions through the courts would send out a “very clear message” of how seriously such incidents are viewed.
“It is clear however that both for ambulance crews and firefighters, such prosecutions have not been forthcoming,” Mr Frew said.
They added: “A clear deterrent combined with a strong message of education about the impact these attacks have on the service delivered to us all can hopefully see this situation improve.”
NEW YORK — Days after the presidential pardon of Jack Johnson, Sylvester Stallone has announced plans for a biopic on the first African-American heavyweight champion.
Stallone said Wednesday that their newly launched Balboa Productions will start with a film about Johnson. On Thursday, Stallone stood next to President Donald Trump in the Oval Office as they signed a rare posthumous pardon to Johnson, who served 10 months in prison in what Trump called “a racially-motivated injustice.”
Trump has said Stallone was instrumental in bringing Johnson's story to their attention.
Stallone's production company said the film will be fast-tracked with Metro Goldwyn Mayer Pictures.
Stallone has said Johnson was the basis for the character Apollo Creed in the “Rocky” films. The 71-year-old actor is currently in production on “Creed II” with MGM.
Hospital surveillance camera footage captured what police left out of their report.
Two police officers in Paterson, New Jersey, went to a local hospital March 5 on reports of a man who attempted suicide, video showed — and after the man threw an object into the hallway and insulted one of the cops, the officers grabbed the man's wheelchair, punched them in the face and pushed them to the ground, according to a federal criminal complaint.
Another video (this one allegedly recorded by Officer Roger Then, 29, on their cellphone) caught the second stage of the assault, prosecutors said. At that point, the victim was in their hospital bed, video showed. Lying on their back, the suicidal man hurled an insult at an unidentified police officer. In response, that officer grabbed a pair of hospital gloves, put them on and “violently struck” the man two times, prosecutors said.
“I ain't f-----g playing with you,” the unidentified officer told the man, according to prosecutors.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Federal agents arrested Officer Then Wednesday morning on charges of conspiracy to violate civil rights by using excessive force. They also face charges for concealing the alleged crime, New Jersey U.S. Attorney Craig Carpenito said.
If convicted, the civil rights charge could land Officer Then with up to 10 years in prison, while the charge for allegedly concealing it carries as much as three years. They could also face a fine of as much as $250,000, prosecutors said.
Injuries to the victim's face and eye were so severe that they required surgery, investigators said.
The unnamed officer “is no longer on active duty” with the police department, as of April 2018, the complaint said.
The two uniformed, on-duty officers initially responded to the man's home after they attempted suicide the night of March 5, according to the complaint. As the fire department took the man to the St. Joseph's Medical Center for treatment, police went to the hospital as well.
The first incident unfolded in the waiting room, where the victim was sitting in a wheelchair, the complaint said. Meanwhile, an officer was standing at the hospital's admissions desk.
That's when the victim tossed something down the hallway, surveillance video showed. Apparently angry at the man, the officer ran toward the suicidal man “and cocked their right arm as though they were going to punch,” the complaint said. Next the unnamed officer pushed the man's wheelchair, punched them and sent them falling to the ground — still in the wheelchair, according to the complaint.
At that point, Officer Then “used their right hand to grab the victim by the back of the victim's neck and further push the victim to the ground,” the complaint said.
The second video came from the patient's room, the complaint said. Officer Then recorded themselves on camera “with a large smile across their face” and then turned the camera to show the other officer and the victim lying in the bed, according to the complaint.
“Ha, ha, b---h,” the victim told the officer, according to the complaint.
“I'm a what?” the officer responded in the video.
“Do it,” the victim said, according to the complaint.
At that point, the unnamed officer pulled on the gloves and began assaulting the man, the complaint said. During the assault, the victim used their hands to shield their face. They remained silent, the complaint said.
“Calm your ass down,” the assaulting officer said, according to the complaint.
But none of that is in the relatively short police report, the complaint said. And the officers didn't disclose the existence of the video on Officer Then's phone.
In their report, the officers wrote that the man “cut their left wrist with a boxcutter” but that the injury “was non life threatening.” They described the man as “combative,” writing that they began to “throw medical glove boxes at the staff.” The officers wrote that they and security staff “restrained” them so they could be taken for a psychiatric evaluation, according to the complaint.
“It should be noted these officers were advised by the medical staff that [the victim] has a history psychiatric issues,” the officers wrote in their report, according to the criminal complaint against Officer Then.
Paterson Police Director Jerry Speziale told NBC New York they couldn't offer comment on the incident because an investigation into it is ongoing.
“This is not indicative of the Paterson Police Department,” Speziale told the Paterson Times, adding that the city's department began the investigation with the FBI hoping to “clean house.”
Officer Then's arrest is the fourth in the department in recent months, the Bergen Record reports. The other arrests were not related to the incident involving Officer Then.
The Paul Behan Memorial Charity Wrestling Event, was held in the CMWS, Kildare Town, on Saturday, July 29.
SEE ALSO: Wrestling in memory of Paul Behan in Kildare town today
PHOTOS: Tony Keane
Note that the bill does not ban emails being sent after hours — it just makes it "unlawful for private employees in the city of New York to require employees to check and respond to email and other electronic communications during non-work hours.”
That's a key distinction, highlighting that this is a law geared not toward shutting down connectivity after work, but managing bosses' expectations around it. If the bill passes, employers would still be able to send post-working hour emails to workers — who could still respond, if so inclined.
If the bill were a ban on electronic communications outside of work hours, companies would probably have to implement "software cutoffs that actually restrict access to work accounts during off hours,” noted Chris Young, a former transactional attorney. But this bill doesn't have a cut-and-dried answer as to how it would be logistically addressed, which is its biggest problem. If employees can still be contacted off the clock, and still reply of their own free will, then what does that mean for the employees who do take issue with it and don't engage post-work? Potentially they could miss out on a promotion or another opportunity because they didn't express their eagerness by replying after hours. Sure, they weren't forced to do it — but why didn't they want to do it? That's a question their supervisors could privately consider.
“You can say people aren't required to reply to an email, but if one employee does respond and the other doesn't, who will get a higher performance rating?” said William J. Becker, co-author of the study Exhausted, but Unable to Disconnect: After-Hours Email, Work-Family Balance and Identification. The bill — designed to protect the employee who chooses to disconnect when not working — arguably exposes that employee to the risk of being judged as less invested in the job than the employee who chooses to connect.
Would a fine matter?
Employers found guilty of breaking the law would be liable to pay a civil penalty — a maximum of $500 for the first violation and $100 for each succeeding violation.
Steve Wang, a human resources manager, thinks $500 is “an inconsequential amount” for bigger companies and that they'll likely be “willing to take the risk, especially when the benefits of outside-of-work communication can be so much greater than the $500 fine.”
What's more, this law covers electronic communications, which it defines as “electronic mail, text messages or other digital means of conveying data electronically.” But what about calling someone on their landline? Or sending a messenger over to their house? These may seem like unlikely last ditch efforts, but anyone who has had a super-demanding boss is probably immediately noticing those loopholes.
So how do the French pull it off?
A similar law was passed in France last year, requiring businesses with 50 or more employees to negotiate after-hours email rules with workers, potentially allowing them to ignore post-work correspondence. But is it really fair to compare France to the U.S. in terms of work culture? France legally standardized a 35-hour workweek in 2000 — and employees may not work for more than 4.5 hours without a break.
“The phrase that most French and Europeans go by when it comes to work is that you ‘work to live' whereas Americans are generally seen as workaholics and 'live to work,'” said Young. “When this law was passed in France it was in response to demonstrations and violent street protests requesting labor reforms. We aren't seeing that level of passion for these types of workers' rights here in America because the culture isn't ingrained in the same way.”
Employees could miss out on a promotion because they didn't express their eagerness by replying after hours. Employees could miss out on a promotion because they didn't express their eagerness by replying after hours.
Scott Marden, chief marketing officer at Captivate, added that America seems to be going in the opposite direction of France in terms of general work-life culture.
“Our work days are getting longer and employers are trying to do more things to make the workplace [appealing] with various amenities,” said Marden. “They're becoming centers not just for working but for living, while France is about making sure life happens outside the workplace.”
Curious as to what white-collar workers thought of the proposed NYC legislation, Captivate conducted an Office Pulse survey on the topic. Of the 315 respondents, 54 percent deemed the bill a good idea, while 24 percent did not. Twenty-two percent thought it wouldn't deter bosses from expecting email responses after hours.
“[This law could] help cut down on things like procrastination and disorganization,” said Rafael Romis, founder and CEO of Weberous web design. “In the current climate, a person might not email you about something important because they can just send it whenever they feel like it. So, if they have a busy day themselves, they'll just hold off emailing you until the evening when they have more time. If they knew they weren't allowed to email you past a certain point in the day, they would be forced to be more organized and get all their emails sent out within working hours.”
What about multiple time zones?
What's potentially the most detrimental aspect of this law is its local nature. If you only have one location (in which all your staff is based) and you don't do any dealings with companies in other times zones, then this law is arguably quite feasible. But that isn't the standard case for many companies in a major metropolitan hub.
“If this were to become an actual law, it would create a lot of issues with time zones,” said Romis. “The vast majority of companies have someone working remotely. At Weberous, we have employees from different states, and clients all over the world, so if we were to strictly work only during the typical work hours, then some deals would be compromised or not even possible. That is a big one.”
× Expand Photo by Ron Burkett. Celebrate Hoover Day will be the biggest anniversary event of the year for the city of Hoover.
While Hoover's official 50th birthday is in May, the city wants to keep the party going throughout 2017.
The anniversary festivities started March 7 with a kickoff party at the Hoover-Randle House. Mayor Frank Brocato also has visited each of the schools to collect items for a time capsule to be buried at city hall, city event coordinator Erin Colbaugh said. The time capsule burial ceremony will be held at the Municipal Center on May 18, the official anniversary of the city's incorporation.
The main event, of course, will be celebrated Hoover Day on April 29 at Veterans Park. The event started as a celebration of the city's 40th birthday, and Colbaugh said they'll celebrate the birthday with the usual games, rides, vendors, music, giant apple pie, military veterans' recognition and other fun, along with giveaways of posters and other items made just for the anniversary. They said last year about 15,000 people attended the event.
“This will be the big party,” Colbaugh said.
City officials also are planning a series of neighborhood parties to celebrate on a smaller scale. Colbaugh said City Council members and the mayor will be bringing cake and ice cream to several Hoover neighborhoods, though the dates and times have not yet been finalized.
The 50th birthday will also be referenced in special ways at other events throughout the year, closing with the Christmas tree lighting.
The city won't just be celebrating through events, however. Colbaugh said the city has made banners, decals, posters and more to distribute throughout Hoover to remind residents about the 50th birthday.
Every city vehicle will have a new front license plate commemorating the event, and Colbaugh said they're planning a series of videos on social media talking to different Hoover residents and sharing “50 things you didn't know” about the city.
For more information about Hoover city plans, go to hooveralabama.gov.
McArthur spent years as a travelling salesperson. They have ties to locations across Ontario. As police dig into McArthur's history, the question is: How deep does it go?
Share How Bruce McArthur went from small-town sock salesperson to accused serial killer Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn
Robert MacEachern was finished supper, sitting in front of the television at their cattle farm, wanting to watch the news for the next day's weather but stuck on one of their wife's programs instead. The phone rang. They answered it. Their brother was on the other end, a little out of breath. “Did you hear?” they asked. MacEachern hadn't heard. They hadn't seen the news that night, January 18. So he'd missed all the stories about Bruce McArthur, a 66-year-old man accused of murdering two men who had disappeared from Toronto's gay village. MacEachern grew up with a Bruce McArthur. They went to the same one-room schoolhouse outside Woodville, Ont. But it couldn't be the same Bruce, they thought. It couldn't be the clean-cut Bruce from Palestine Road who tattled on their classmates and sucked up to the teacher. MacEachern's wife went to the computer and pulled up a photo of the accused. They had close-cropped white hair and a goatee. MacEachern called their brother back. “Yeah that is the Bruce we grew up with,” they told him. They knew because he'd seen them less than a year earlier, in May 2017, at an anniversary party for McArthur's sister and their husband at the Legion in Coboconk, Ont. “It was total shock,” they said. The shocks have continued ever since.
Police have now charged McArthur with three more counts of murder. They believe there may be more to come. At a press conference in January they acknowledged what Toronto's gay community had long feared — that they now believe a serial killer had been preying on gay men tied to the Church Street Village since at least 2012. McArthur is now charged with five counts of first-degree murder, in the deaths Selim Esen, Majeed Kayhan, Andrew Kinsman, Dean Lisowick and Soroush Mahmudi. Investigators believe McArthur used their landscaping business to conceal human remains and have spent weeks digging up properties in Toronto, searching for evidence of bodies in planters and garages and other locations they think McArthur might have used to hide evidence of their alleged crimes.
But the investigation may eventually spread much further than that. Most serial murderers begin killing in their mid to late 30s, according to experts. McArthur spent at least some of their 30s and 40s working as a travelling salesperson, pitching socks and underwear across Ontario. They have ties to Oshawa, the Kawartha Lakes area and other locations across the province. “If I was advising the police, I'd advise them to look back at anybody — males that are missing, unsolved crimes — that go back 20 or 30 years,” said John Bradford, a forensic psychiatrist and expert on serial murders. Hank Idsinga, the homicide detective leading the murder probe, says investigators are “definitely” looking into McArthur's life before they came to Toronto, in about 2000. But the people left behind from that life — friends, classmates and relatives — are looking back too, wondering who it is they've been staring at for all these years. “Is this for real?” MacEachern remembers thinking at their house on Palestine Road, about a kilometre away from the worn-down black barn at the old farm where McArthur grew up. Investigators are now digging into McArthur's history. The question is: How deep does it go?
McArthur, born on Oct. 8, 1951, spent their childhood with their sister and parents in a sturdy-looking bungalow speckled by black and red bricks near Woodville, Ont. It's a pocket of Ontario's Kawartha Lakes region populated more by farmers than by cottagers, where to be considered a local rather than an outsider requires a tenure of generations. The McArthurs were among the local families of good pedigree. Their parents, Islay and Malcolm ‘Mac' McArthur, farmed and ran a kind of foster centre out of their home. Mary Anne MacEachern, a friend of the family who visited regularly during the 1960s and early '70s, said parents from Toronto often sent their troubled children to the McArthur house to get them away from the trappings of city life. “There was always kids coming and going,” they said. “Lots of times there would be maybe six to 10…. I never, ever heard any of those kids ever complain about being there.” For their efforts, the McArthurs earned a good reputation around town, they said. Mac McArthur was regarded in the area as a man who “did their work and never bothered anybody,” said Robert MacEachern, who grew up a few kilometres away from the McArthurs before moving to their street as an adult in the 1970s. MacEachern remembered Bruce McArthur as an unremarkable schoolmate. A year younger than MacEachern, they aren't small but they aren't big either – just a normal member of the bunch at the schoolhouse a short walk down the road from the McArthur farm.
MacEachern's brother, Ron, remembered McArthur differently. “He was the teacher's suck,” Ron said. “I just couldn't believe he'd do something like that. “He never got into any trouble. Like, we were in a one-room school — boys, we're done shit. They were always sucking up to the teacher. If we got into trouble, he'd run in and squeal on us. They just aren't like the rest of the boys.” From grades nine through 12, McArthur was bused into nearby Fenelon Falls for high school. There were two streams at Fenelon Falls Secondary, a five-year academic program and a four-year arts and technical cohort. Like McArthur, Tom Barbour was in the four-year stream. “He was a pretty prim and proper guy,” Barbour said about MacArthur. “When they said they were a landscaper, I thought, ‘Jeez, that doesn't seem like the guy I knew'. ” It was at Fenelon Falls that McArthur met and began dating Janice Campbell, according to one woman who knew them both. Their graduation photos appear pages apart in the Fenelon Falls yearbook for 1969-70. McArthur's picture shows a neat looking, dark-haired young man. Their nickname was “Snoppy.” Their favourite pastime was “a good argument.” Their ambition was “to be successful.” As for their probable future: “your guess is as good as mine.” “He was a nice kid,” said Barbour. “I was kind of shocked to tell you the truth.”
McArthur and Campbell would spend the next three decades together as a couple. Them picture shows a long-haired young woman with an oval face and slight smile. Them pet peeve, they wrote, was “someone who can't decide what they want. Them probable future: “To die young.” The young couple left the area not long after graduation. But they were back often in the mid 1970s visiting McArthur's parents, who both fell ill and died relatively young, one not long after the other. Elva Dahms nursed McArthur's father after they suffered a brain tumour in the late 70s. “When I knew him,” they said of the younger McArthur, “he was working for Eaton's.” They described McArthur then as “a very good looking, dark-haired young man.” They visited often enough to make an impression with Dahms, something they remember now, almost 40 years later. By 1986, McArthur and Janice were married with two children, one girl and one boy, and living in a typical suburban block in Oshawa. McArthur turned 35 the year they bought their Oshawa home. As of 1993, they were working as a salesperson for McGregor Hosiery and Stanfields, placing socks and underwear in Ontario department and clothing stores. Jo-Ann Boyd's husband, Ross, worked for several years with McArthur. They believe McArthur worked in McGregor's northern territory, a job that would have put them on the road, criss-crossing between Ontario towns, for most of their working days. To Bradford, the forensic psychiatrist, that job suggests police have a massive, likely province-wide investigation ahead of them on the McArthur case.
According to multiple media reports, McArthur gradually came out of the closet in the late 1990s. They left their wife and family in Oshawa in 1998 or 1999 and moved into Toronto proper. That move makes sense to Antoine Elhashem, the former vice-president of Pride Durham. Back then, there was effectively no out gay life to speak of in Oshawa, they said. If you lived in Durham County and you wanted to meet other gay men, you drove into the city. The 90s were trying in several ways for the McArthur family. For one thing, Bruce McArthur declared bankruptcy in 1999. For another, the 90s marked the beginning of a legal ordeal that continues to dog the family to this day. As a teenager, McArthur's son, Todd, began making obsessive, obscene phone calls to women they did not know. In the years since, they have wracked up literally dozens of convictions, for charges including harassment, and making indecent phone calls. In 2014, Todd McArthur was sentenced to 14 months in jail after they admitted to making multiple obscene phone calls to a complete stranger at their workplace According to an agreed statement of facts read into the record at their sentencing, McArthur phoned the woman and made repeated references to nude photos of them They made sexually suggestive comments and asked them if they were wearing panties. During many of the calls, the statement said, they would whisper their name just before they hung up the phone.
Todd McArthur was already on probation for two similar charges when they committed that offence. Their lawyer told the court at that time that they had been diagnosed with “telephone scatalogia” and that they had been treated for their illness for at least 10-15 years. McArthur told their lawyer their condition was linked to depression and might also be associated with their first sexual experience — an explicit conversation they had on the phone with an older woman when they were 11 or 12 years old. Todd McArthur was warned at that hearing that if they committed the same crime again, he'd be going to federal prison. But last fall they were charged with new counts of indecent telecommunication, criminal harassment and breach of probation. They were released on bail and ordered to stay with hisfather, Bruce McArthur, at their Toronto apartment. Though it might be tempting to link the alleged crimes of the McArthur men, Bradford said there is nothing in the scientific literature at all about serial killers and their children. (In truth, there isn't much real research about serial killers at all. There just aren't enough of them to make a decent sample size.) There are some very preliminary studies that suggest there might be some “kind of neuro-biological” disorder common to sado-sexual mass murderers, Bradford said, but it's far from conclusive. “The evidence is not there at the moment.” At Todd McArthur's sentencing hearing in 2014, the Crown referenced their “extremely supportive parents” and “healthy middle-class family.” Janice and Bruce split up when Todd was 17, the Crown said, but Todd always maintained positive relationships with both of them, and with their mother's new spouse.
See Billy Graham's visit to South Carolina, including USC football stadium and Ft. Jackson
1:46
ATLANTA — Much like last year, recent activity in the Georgia legislature has centred on revamping the state's adoption code.
But that's not all they have on their agenda. Combatting the opioid crisis, allowing earlier Sunday alcohol sales and addressing rising incidences of distracted driving are all measures that are being considered this session.
Here's a look at some of the recent major activity and what's coming up when lawmakers return to the Capitol on Monday:
——
ADOPTION LAW UPDATE
Speeding up the state's adoption process has been a top priority for many lawmakers this session, who saw their efforts derailed last spring over a controversial amendment that would have allowed people to cite their religious beliefs and refuse to give children to LGBT couples. On Thursday, the House unanimously passed a sweeping revamp of the adoption code, which awaits Senate debate.
Unlike last year, no “religious exemption” elements are a part of the measure. The current 1990 adoption law had been written before the internet was widely used, causing current procedures to be much slower than other states' processes.
But even if the measure passes the Senate, the adoption issue could still be in play. Sen. William Ligon has introduced a bill to add “religious exemption” language to the adoption code. Ligon says the bill has significant Republican support, even though Gov. Nathan Deal and House Speaker David Ralston, R-Blue Ridge, criticized the position last year.
——
COMBATING OPIOIDS
In previous sessions, Georgia lawmakers have addressed the “supply side” of the state's opioid epidemic by passing laws to curb the overprescribing of highly addictive painkillers. Now, Sen. Renee Unterman, R-Buford, wants to focus attention on helping those who struggle with addiction.
A Senate committee on Thursday passed Unterman's proposal to hire a director of substance abuse who will lead a group to study the issue and also consider whether or not to recommend Medicaid waivers to treat opioid abuse.
——
SUNDAY ALCOHOL SALES
A bill to allow Sunday alcohol sales to occur as early as 11 a.m. was approved 6-4 by a Senate committee Tuesday. Once dubbed the “brunch bill,” because of its focus on restaurant sales, the proposal was expanded to allow retail stores to sell alcohol at an earlier hour. The last-minute change angered Senate Majority Leader Bill Cowsert, R-Athens, who voted against the bill and expressed frustration over the widening scope of the measure.
Under current law, private businesses cannot sell alcohol until 12:30 p.m. on Sundays. If the bill passes, earlier sales would have to be approved in a referendum on the local level.
——
THE ‘LITTLE BUDGET'
A Georgia House committee on Wednesday quickly approved Gov. Nathan Deal's proposal to add more than $300 million in state funds to address gaps that are emerging in the final months of the fiscal year, which ends June 30. The money is largely geared toward education funding. If the House and Senate pass the bill, the legislature can then begin focusing on debating the governor's budget recommendations for the upcoming fiscal year.
——
ANONYMOUS WINNERS
A bipartisan bill to allow Georgia lottery winners to remain anonymous passed its first hurdle Wednesday and now awaits a Senate vote.
Currently the Georgia Lottery Corporation is required to release certain information about winners including their name and hometown. The proposed bill would allow winners to remain anonymous only if they request it and pay up to 4 per cent of their winnings to the lottery.
——
ON THE AGENDA
Lawmakers return to the Capitol on Monday. That afternoon, a House committee will consider whether to require drivers to use hands-free cellphone technology. Proponents of the bill say distracted driving has become a scourge in Georgia and has led to a spike in accidents, fatalities and the nation's highest auto insurance premiums.
Measures that could be debated on the Senate floor next week include the House-backed adoption bill, as well as a proposal to require the state government to communicate only in English. Making up just over one-third in each chamber, Democrats have been vocal in their opposition to the English-only resolution. The constitutional amendment requires a two-thirds vote in each chamber and the approval of voters in an election.
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments Pause
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make "promposal"
DES MOINES, Iowa — The Iowa Supreme Court ruled Friday that text messaging a photo of one's genitals to another person is not indecent exposure under state law.
The court ruled found that to meet the definition of the Iowa law as written, such an offensive display must be done in the physical presence of the offended person.
“While we acknowledge that one can be offended by a sexually explicit image transmitted via text message, it is much easier to ‘look away' from that image than it is to avoid an offensive in-person exposure,” the court said.
Sending an unwanted photo of one's genitals to another adult who finds it offensive could still lead to a harassment charge, but that is a simple misdemeanour under Iowa law.
The ruling dismisses an indecent exposure charge against a 55-year-old Jesup man who stalked a woman for months after meeting them at their workplace in 2014.
Jose Willfredo Lopez continued to contact the woman although they resisted him. They eventually agreed to meet them at restaurants for food and drinks several times but asked them to stop contacting them after rejecting their offers to meet at hotels.
They obtained a no-contact order in April 2015, after Lopez entered their home twice without their permission and persistently texted and called them Two months later they texted to them a picture of their hand around their erect penis with the message “me in my glory” and said they would visit them at home in Independence on Aug. 1. They contacted the sheriff's department and a deputy arrested Lopez at their home peering through a window.
Lopez was charged with stalking and indecent exposure related to the text message photo. After conviction, a judge sentenced them to up to five years in prison for stalking. On the exposure charge they were given a year in jail and was required to serve 10 years of parole or work release, at the discretion of the Iowa Department of Corrections, after their release from custody. Since the court ordered the indecent exposure charge dismissed, they will not serve the sentences for that offence.
Iowa Department of Corrections records show he's in prison for the stalking conviction with eligibility for release as early as this spring.
Lopez appealed their conviction saying their attorney inadequately represented them by failing to challenge the indecent exposure conviction. The court agreed and considered the case, saying it has never before addressed whether indecent exposure can apply to electronic communication.
The court concluded that if the Iowa Legislature intended electronic images to fall under the indecent exposure statute it would have said so.
The justices specified that their ruling applies only to the electronic transmission of still images and does not address video transmission through programs like Skype and FaceTime.
A spokesperson for the Iowa Attorney General's office said it wasn't immediately clear how many other similar cases may be affected by the ruling and it will likely change the way future indecent exposure cases like this are prosecuted.
The state appellate defender representing Lopez and prosecutors in the Buchanan County attorney's office did not immediately respond to messages. The spokesperson for the attorney general declined to comment on the record.
States vary in their application of indecent exposure laws.
The Missouri Court of Appeals in 2004 concluded that indecent exposure can be committed through transmission of an electronic image. The Montana Legislature in 2015 updated that state's indecent exposure law to include electronic transmission of images.
The Maine Supreme Court found in October that a man who sent five teen-age girls images of their genitals could not be convicted of indecent conduct.
Dubai set to serve as regional digital financial inclusion hub for the Middle East, Africa and South Asia
DUBAI, Jul 2 2018 (WAM) - The UAE is ideally positioned to serve as the ‘beating heart' of a regional innovation hub; according to a new report published by Oliver Wyman in collaboration with Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC), the leading international financial hub in the Middle East, Africa and South Asia (MEASA) region.
Titled “The Case for an Innovation Hub to Facilitate MEASA Financial Inclusion”, the report reveals how Dubai is strategically positioned to facilitate development of digitally enabled financial solutions for the region.
There has been a significant push for the advancement of financial inclusion globally with 1.7 billion of the world's global working population still lacking access to formal financial services. Nearly 50 percent of all financially excluded and underserved individuals are currently situated in the MEASA region. An average of 48 percent of the working adult population owns a financial account compared to a global average of 69 percent, and conditions across MEASA continue to constrain access to both traditional and digital financial services for the currently financially excluded population.
“In a financially inclusive environment, individuals and businesses can conveniently access a variety of financial services at low cost and are offered products that are tailored to their specific needs. For a significant share of the population across MEASA this is currently not possible. While many existing efforts are underway across the region, these are often heavily fragmented and make a large-scale advancement challenging,” said Greg Rung, Partner, Financial Services.
“There is an urgent need for reforms to overcome this disparity. This however requires the collaboration of a broad array of stakeholders from across the financial, technology and government sectors. Given their rapid evolution, digital technologies are a critical catalyst in achieving financial inclusion. The proposed hub will support centralisation of efforts and identify opportunities for scalable solutions,” they added.
Dubai combines a unique set of features that ideally position it to become the centre of the innovation hub. It is already recognised as a global and regional economic and financial hub with strong financial expertise. In addition, Dubai's commitment to financial innovation is embedded in its financial services and national visions, such as Smart Dubai and Dubai Plan 2021.
Arif Amiri, Chief Executive Officer at the DIFC Authority, said, “With an approximate population of 3 billion, the MEASA region sits on a large pool of opportunities that are still untapped for the lack of financial access. Delivering financial services to more people across the region has become a necessity that Dubai, and the UAE as a whole, are perfectly positioned to contribute to. The world-class infrastructure and innovation ecosystem that Dubai has built, and continues to enhance, provide an enabling environment for technology and disruptive businesses to create more inclusive solutions and services for the entire region.”
They added, “At DIFC, financial inclusion remains a key focus for us in our ongoing efforts to shape the future of finance in MEASA. We have already made important strides towards nurturing an integrated ecosystem that can unlock the potential of emerging trends such as FinTech and InsurTech in the region. We believe that this will not only transform the way the financial services industry operates, but will also create a positive wave of social impact and economic gains across the MEASA countries. This is why we remain focused on continuing our efforts to foster financial innovation in the region and lead the necessary evolution for greater financial inclusion for its people.”
DIFC is the leading financial centre and FinTech hub in the MEASA region, with over 1,853 active registered companies and a Fintech community of over 50 firms and numerous FinTech-related clients. DIFC's FinTech ecosystem comprises FinTech Hive at DIFC, the region's first accelerator programme, as well as an innovation testing license, a special operating license, an interactive and collaborative workspace, along with access to the largest financial community in the region.
WAM/Rasha Abubaker
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Whiskey barrels were piled in a mountainous heap Wednesday after the rest of a whiskey storage warehouse collapsed in Kentucky, nearly two weeks after part of the decades-old structure came crashing down.
The remainder of the massive structure collapsed at the Barton 1792 Distillery in Bardstown, Nelson County Emergency Management spokesperson Milt Spalding said. No injuries were reported in either collapse, they said.
“It is a mountain of bourbon barrels,” they said Wednesday.
Environmental and wildlife officials were on the scene to determine if any whiskey spilled into a nearby waterway, they said. The distillery owner already was facing a state fine stemming from the initial collapse.
Louisiana-based spirits company Sazerac, the distiller's owner, did not immediately comment Wednesday.
After the initial collapse last month, the company said the damaged warehouse had held about 18,000 barrels of aging spirits. Up to half the barrels inside were affected by the first collapse, it said.
The company said at the time that the collapse had affected “a mix of various distilled products at various ages.” It said it didn't know which Barton 1792 brands would be impacted by the collapse.
Cleanup crews have been at the scene for days, and the company called in “more resources” after the second collapse, Spalding said Wednesday. The warehouse was built in the 1940s.
Following the first collapse, a Kentucky Energy and Environment Cabinet spokesperson said Sazerac would be cited for failing to report the spill of whiskey in a timely manner and for polluting waters. The spokesperson said Barton 1792 moved quickly to stop the alcohol from entering the creek but didn't alert the state quickly enough.
Whiskey flowing into a nearby stream and river killed about 800 fish after the initial collapse, officials said. Bardstown is about 40 miles (65 kilometres) south of Louisville.
Nelson County Emergency Management director Joe Prewitt said last month they couldn't recall another whiskey warehouse collapse.
Bourbon ages for years in charred new oak barrels, where it acquires its colour and flavour.
Sazerac also owns Buffalo Trace Distillery in Frankfort, Kentucky.
Kentucky's bourbon sector is in the midst of a more than $1.1 billion boom that includes expanded production facilities, more storage warehouses and new tourism centres. Kentucky distillers have more than 6.6 million bourbon barrels aging, according to the Kentucky Distillers' Association.
Watch the 2018-2019 Premier League season LIVE on beIN SPORTS
Ozil has worn 11 since joining the club and switches to 10 after the departure of Jack Wilshere.
Robin van Persie and Paul Merson are among the other Arsenal stars to have worn the number 10 in the modern era.
But it is a French football icon that Ozil had in mind when opting for a new number.
"It has never been a secret how special this number is to me," Ozil told Arsenal's website. "My childhood idol Zinedine Zidane wore this number and it is still the most characteristic one for the playmaker position.
"I'm looking forward to putting it on for the first time at Arsenal after the summer break!"
Arsenal confirmed fans who bought shirts with Ozil and 11 on the back for the 2018-2019 will be given replacements.
Tolisso Joins Bayern Munich For €41.5 Million
Bayern Munich have confirmed the signing of Olympique Lyon midfielder, Corentin Tolisso, beating Chelsea to their signature.
The France international cost Bayern Munich €41.5 million, with a five-year-contract agreed by the midfielder.
Tolisso primarily plays in midfield, but has shown how versatile a player they are after breaking into the first team at Lyon.
Tolisso expressed their delight at signing for Bayern, and also thanked their former club.
“I had a wonderful time at Lyon, and I'm very thankful for that,” they told Bayern Munich's official website. “Now I'm really pleased to be at one of the best clubs in Europe. I have great aims for my time at FC Bayern. Today is a great day for me.”
The post Tolisso Joins Bayern Munich For €41.5 Million appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Radio 1Xtra's Reece Parkinson talks us through how the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors made the NBA finals for the fourth straight season - upsetting Drake along the way.
Available to UK users only.
WATCH: Warriors beat Rockets to win Western Conference title
WATCH: James inspires Cavs to Eastern Conference title
PROPERTY prices in Limerick have risen by over €20,000 in the last year, according to a new report by MyHome.ie and Davy.
The report for the second quarter of 2018, March to June, shows that the median asking price for a Limerick property now stands at €180,000.
This is up €20,000 – or 12.5 percent – from the previous quarter. It is also up 12.8 percent from this time last year, when the median asking price was €159,500.
This represents an increase of €20,450 year-on-year, with prices in Limerick now at their highest level in over six years – since they stood at €185,000 in the second quarter of 2012.
The rise in prices has been reflected in the asking prices of a three-bed semi-detached house, which is seen as the typical stock home.
This rose by 1.4 percent this quarter, from €179,950 to €182,500 – but it also reflected an increase of 14.4 percent year-on-year from 12 months ago, when the price was €159,500.
Asking prices for this house type in Limerick are at their highest level since Q3 of 2010.
Meanwhile, the average asking price for a 4-bed semi-detached house in Limerick now stands at €225,000. This is up €12,500 – or 5.9 percent – from the previous quarter. It's an increase of 13.9 percent from the same stage last year, when the price of a four-bed semi was €197,500.
The number of properties for sale in Limerick on MyHome.ie has increased by 5.4 percent in the last quarter, but a lack of housing stock remains – there are still 1.8 percent less properties for sale than this time last year.
Meanwhile, the latest Daft.ie report showed that in Limerick city, prices in the second three months of 2018 were 7 percent higher than a year previously. It's a slow-down in growth: last year recorded an increase of 15 percent.
Limerick have beaten Clare in the Allianz hurling League, dramatic finish Limerick winning by frees! pic.twitter.com/ixIdZW1cTN
Sudden death frees were needed to find a winner between Limerick and Clare this afternoon in the Gaelic Grounds.
100 minutes of hurling failed to separate the neighbours.
In the end, Colin Ryan was the Limerick hero.
Ryan, Tom Morrissey, David Reidy, Aaron Gillane and Diarmaid Byrnes were the five free takers for Limerick. Peter Duggan, Niall Deasy, David Reidy, Ian Galvin and Jamie Shanahan for Clare. All 10 scored in round one, leading to sudden death. Peter Duggan and Aaron Gillane scored first in sudden death.
Then Niall Deasy struck their second effort wide, leaving Ryan with the opportunity to win it for Limerick. The midfielder made no mistake and Limerick progressed the League semi-final where they will meet the winners of Tipperary or Dublin.
The free-taking competition was needed after an epic game of hurling failed to find a winner.
Aaron Gillane scored 2-11 for Limerick
Clare raced from the blocks and were 0-06 to 0-02 ahead by the end of the opening 10 minutes, with Conor McGrath, Tony Kelly, Colm Galvin and David Reidy all on the mark from play.
At the other end, Cian Lynch and Tom Morrissey replied but Clare, with the aid of the breeze, had the early foundation.
That advantage was soon out to 0-11 to 0-2 with 22 minutes played - Peter Duggan with four successive points from placed balls.
Finally, Limerick ended their barren spell and it was a goal from the boot of Aaron Gillane. When the same player added frees the lead was down to four points with 10 minutes to the break.
Paul Browne and Gearoid Hegarty points for Limerick helped reduce the lead to just a goal and free takers Peter Duggan and Aaron Gillane exchanged late points to leave it Clare 0-14 Limerick 1-8 at half time.
On the change of ends, Clare went close to goal but Nicky Quaid raced out to deny Shane O'Donnell and a Conor McGrath effort was ruled out for over-carrying.
Three Gillane frees drew a response of two points from play from Tony Kelly in the early minutes of the new half and Clare were still three points ahead.
With their first two touches, substitute Colin Ryan reduced the gap to a single point.
Aaron Gillane fires it past Donal Tuohy! Goal! pic.twitter.com/vfe3etvcGT — The GAA (@officialgaa) March 19, 2018
Then Limerick hit the front with two goals inside 10-minutes - Gillane and Pat Ryan.
The Gillane effort, a superb backhanded finish after support play from Tom Morrissey and Seamus Flanagan, had Limerick ahead for the first time but Duggan had worked Clare back in front by the time Ryan had the third Limerick goal.
That left it 3-15 to 0-21 with 62 minutes played.
But Peter Duggan wasn't finished and would be up to 15-points by the end of 70 minutes. They looked to have won it for Clare until a Colin Ryan lineball forced extra time.
In extra time, Clare held a slender 0-28 to 3-18 lead at half time after points from Tony Kelly and John Conlon while Limerick relied on Gillane frees.
Duggan had moved onto 18 points and looked to have earned Clare the win in the second period of extra time until Diarmaid Byrnes blasted a 21-metre free to the net with the last puck - Limerick 4-18 Clare 0-30.
Diarmaid Byrnes fires it into the net and equalises in extra time. Another round of extra time coming up pic.twitter.com/oEbSycNQcC — The GAA (@officialgaa) March 19, 2018
So more extra time - this time five minutes each way.
Still no winner. John Conlon looked to have won it for Clare until a Gillane free left the teams level after 100 minutes - Limerick 4-21 Clare 0-33 - and the novel drama of a free contest beckoned.
Limerick: N Quaid; S Finn, S Hickey, R English; D Byrnes (1-1, all frees), D Hannon, D Morrissey; P Browne (0-1), C Lynch (0-1); G Hegarty (0-2), K Hayes, T Morrissey (0-1); A Gillane (1-11, 11frees), S Flanagan (0-1), B Murphy. Subs: C Ryan (0-3, 1 lineball) for Browne (49), P Ryan (1-0) for Murphy (54), D Reidy for Hayes (62), R McCarthy for Hickey (78), B O'Connell for Hegarty (85), O O'Reilly for Flanagan (86).
Clare: D Tuohy; P O'Connor, C Cleary, J Browne; S Morey, D McInerney, D Fitzgerald (0-1); C Galvin (0-1), T Kelly (0-6); C Malone, J Conlon (0-2), D Reidy (0-2); C McGrath (0-1), P Duggan (0-19, 15f, 2 ‘65), S O'Donnell (0-1). Subs: I Galvin for C Galvin (51), C McInerney for McGrath (57), J McCarthy for Reidy (63), M O'Neill for McInerney (70), R Taylor for Ian Galvin (89), M O'Malley for Kelly (95), N Deasy for Collins (98).
Referee: A Kelly (Galway)
A shoplifter tried to run over shop workers TWICE after being caught stealing hundreds of pounds in alcohol for a party.
Mark Owen had intended to pay for the booze after walking into the Asda store, but seized the opportunity to make an impromptu theft after realising there were no security guards on the doors.
They had the money to pay but saw the opportunity to get away with it
The Asda colleagues told a court how they feared for their lives after Owen dramatically swerved their car in their direction in an effort to speed away.
Pleading guilty at Wigan and Leigh Magistrates' Court to theft from a shop, driving dangerously and without insurance, the 31-year-old was narrowly spared jail for their shocking stunt.
The court heard that Owen, of Glendevon Close, Ince, had loaded a trolley with booze to the value of £132 for a party they were having that night.
But as they were preparing to checkout, Owen noticed there were no security guards manning the exit. A member of the probation services told justices: “He had the money to pay but saw the opportunity to get away with it. They were under a lot of stress at home and saw it as a way to save money.”
But as they swiftly made their way to the exit, an eagle-eyed member of staff became suspicious of their demeanour, and alerted the manager of the store.
The pair followed them outside, and asked to see their receipt as they were loading the stolen haul into the boot of the Vauxhall Corsa.
It was at this point Owen panicked, jumped into the driver's seat and reversed rapidly as the staff stood at the tail of the vehicle. They had barely got to their feet when the car sped quickly in their direction again before making off.
Owen, a self-employed travel agent, had no alcohol or drugs in their system at the time of the offence. They were given a six month jail term, suspended for 12 months, disqualified from driving for 18 months and ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work.
Justices told Owen: “This is a very serious matter. You put two innocent people in a position where they could have been very seriously injured.”
Dr Turner is concerned that a Call the Midwife character may be suffering from blood poisoning in episode six
Septicaemia, otherwise known as blood poisoning, is a potentially life-threatening infection caused by large quantities of bacteria entering the bloodstream.
Advertisement
In a sombre end to Call the Midwife episode six, Dr Turner (Stephen McGann) rushes Nurse Barbara Hereward (Charlotte Ritchie) to hospital with a suspected case of septicaemia. Them shocked husband Rev Tom Hereward (Jack Ashton) is driven to their bedside.
What are the symptoms of septicaemia?
When the blood poisoning begins, the immune system will immediately try to fight the infection in the bloodstream, bringing on alarmingly sudden symptoms. These can include a high temperature, extreme tiredness, violent shivering and chills, faintness, pale and clammy skin, and rapid and shallow breathing.
This is what we're seeing in Barbara by the time their husband Tom goes off to the neighbourhood party, leaving Nurse Phyllis Crane (Linda Bassett) in charge as a precaution. The symptoms worsen and Phyllis makes the decision to summon Dr Turner.
With septicaemia, the skin may also develop “petechiae” (pinprick bruises) or “purpura” (large purple areas) which do not change colour when pressure is applied. One of the first tests Dr Turner carries out when they arrive to visit the patient is inspected their “rash”. Petechiae or purpura are caused by blood leaking into the tissues under the skin.
This suggests they have a type of blood poisoning which can lead to meningitis (inflammation of the membranes that surround the brain and the spinal cord) as well as septicaemia. The two often go hand-in-hand, and when meningitis and septicaemia occur together it is referred to as “meningococcal disease”.
Particularly worrying is the fact that Barbara can no longer bend their neck, which prompts Dr Turner to send for an ambulance immediately. This symptom makes it likely that the blood poisoning has already led to bacterial meningitis.
In severe cases of blood poisoning, sufferers can go into “septic shock” when blood vessels become leaky and lose fluid, affecting blood flow and damaging vital organs. Blood pressure will drop to a dangerously low level, leading to symptoms including loss of consciousness, disorientation and slurred speech.
What causes septicaemia?
Septicaemia can develop from a wound or burn, or as a result of a serious illness. Nurse Barbara is not in any of the high risk groups (older people, young children, teenagers and people with damaged immune systems), but earlier in the episode they are seen wiping their nose and complaining about a persistent cold which won't go away.
Sources of infection can include pneumonia, appendicitis, peritonitis, urinary tract infections, skin infections and flu – but sometimes the specific cause cannot be identified.
So what's happening inside the body to make this illness so dangerous? White blood cells are very efficient at fighting off infections from bacteria and viruses and will travel to the site of the problem to sort it out and repair the damage. However, sometimes infections can become so serious that they can't be controlled by these white blood cells.
When this happens, the bad bacteria can enter the blood stream and be carried to other tissues and organs, releasing endotoxins and causing severe illness. Bacteria will multiply rapidly, doubling in number around every 30 minutes. It sends the immune system into overdrive and inflames the whole body, which interferes with blood flow and stops oxygen reaching organs and tissues.
When the meningococcal bacteria travel through the blood and reach the meninges (the membranes covering the brain and spinal cord), this leads to meningitis.
How dangerous is septicaemia?
If septicaemia is diagnosed very early, it can be treated with antibiotics at home. But once severe symptoms have begun, patients should be rushed to hospital and treated with intravenous antibiotics injected straight into the bloodstream.
When vital organs are damaged sufferers are likely to become very ill. Most people who get meningococcal disease will make a full recovery, but 5-10% of cases will result in death. Survivors can be left with disabling after effects such as blindness, deafness, brain damage, loss of limbs, and organ damage.
Septicaemia, and more generally meningococcal disease, is not easily transmitted from person to person and cases usually occur in isolation – though people who have shared a kiss with the patient would be at risk. By contrast, viral meningitis is highly contagious.
Advertisement
The only preventative treatment for meningococcal disease is vaccination, including the Men C, Men B and Men ACWY vaccines.
Video
British citizen Andargachew Tsege has been freed after spending four years on death row in Ethiopia.
The government had accused them of plotting a coup and had sentenced them to death in absentia in 2009.
They were detained in Yemen and sent to Ethiopia in 2014.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Hull Kingston Rovers' return to Super League proved to be a reality check as the Robins went down 28-6 to Wakefield.
On their return from a long-term injury, Tom Johnstone scored a hat-trick as Trinity showcased their credentials in impressive fashion at the start of the year.
The winger scored the opening try before further scores from Bill Tupou, Liam Finn and Johnstone established an 18-0 lead at half-time.
Chris Clarkson crossed after the break for Tim Sheens' side, but Johnstone scored a stunning hat-trick try before Ryan Hampshire crossed on their debut to secure the win.
A full report will be in Monday's League Express.
Hull KR: Quinlan, Shaw, Heffernan, Minns, Carney, McGuire, Marsh, Jewitt, Lee, Mulhern, Blair, Greenwood, Clarkson. Subs: Kavanagh, Salter, Lunt, Masoe.
Tries: Clarkson
Goals: Shaw
Wakefield: Grix, Jones-Bishop, Lyne, Tupou, Johnstone, Miller, Finn, Fifita, Wood, England, Ashurst, Horo, Arona. Subs: Hampshire, Kirmond, Pauli, Hirst.
Tries: Johnstone (3), Tupou, Finn, Hampshire.
Goals: Finn (2)
The primary selling point for YouTube Red is being able to watch videos without any ads (while still paying content creators). YouTube Red also has a few original series and movies starring major YT personalities. I guess not enough people are watching the original content, because now YouTube is pushing full-screen ads for them.
One tipster sent us the above screenshot, which appeared upon opening the YouTube app. I can't say I'm a fan of this, especially when users are paying $9.99 to not see a single ad. Let us know in the comments below if you've seen something like this.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
After the 2015 season and early exit in the Wild Card round of the playoffs, the Cincinnati Bengals are choosing now to look at trading backup QB A.J. McCarron?
If you are one who doesn't believe everything you read, we are similar. However, according to Paul Dehner Jr., from the Cincinnati Enquirer, the Cincinnati Bengals are looking to do just that.
A McCarron deal is a part of the offseason itinerary. Matter of when, where and who will provide the most value. https://t.co/HddmcqkTMr — Paul Dehner Jr. (@pauldehnerjr) January 2, 2017
When Hue Jackson could have taken them off there hands and returned Andrew Hawkins or a draft pick. Now the Bengals might be a season too late to get a decent return for the backup quarterback.
A.J. McCarron is a talented quarterback, who is entering their final season of their rookie contract. With the success of Andy Dalton in the regular season, they will need to go outside of the Bengals to get their opportunity to start.
More from Stripe Hype
This draft isn't the deepest in quarterbacks, but with teams like the Cleveland Browns, San Francisco 49ers, and Jacksonville Jaguars needing quarterbacks, the draft doesn't have to be. Not to mention, when you pair it up with rumors of Tony Romo moving, this is not a big marketplace for quarterbacks in 2017.
A.J. McCarron's 2015 season came by way of injury in week 14 against the Pittsburgh Steelers. McCarron went 2-2 and had a playoff loss, which we won't re-live that encounter. In seven games played, they went 79 for 119 in completions, six touchdowns, two interceptions, and 854 yards.
They haven't played since preseason and the last time they played in a meaningful game was the playoff loss, which they basically didn't play to win, just not to lose. Now the Bengals, a year later are looking to move him.
The Cincinnati Bengals have drafted well, but when it comes to getting rid of players, they seem to be just a day late. Remember Mike Nugent?
This article originally appeared on
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 1:42 Man who live streamed CMPD shooting opens up about incident Pause 2:09 Formerly homeless cop raised money for CMPD to pay for families' urgent needs 0:35 "Super blue blood moon eclipse” over Charlotte 0:36 Time lapse of historic Super Blue Moon over Charlotte skyline 2:31 Christian school getting rid of religion to become publicly-funded charter 1:44 This is what spaghetti night looks like when you use bottled water for 1,018 straight days 2:07 Citizens rebuke Duke Energy for proposed rate hike 1:03 Protesting rate hikes and coal ash 1:43 Blinded by tumor Haitian doctor prays they will practice again 2:16 First glimpse of the airport's Concourse A expansion Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney updates the media on a shooting Friday afternoon in northwest Charlotte. CMPD Officers shot a man who was armed with a knife. The man was taken to the hospital and died later.
Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney updates the media on a shooting Friday afternoon in northwest Charlotte. CMPD Officers shot a man who was armed with a knife. The man was taken to the hospital and died later.
Image copyright PA Image caption Goldie appeared in person at Bristol Magistrates' Court for their sentencing
Drum and bass star Goldie has been ordered to pay almost £2,500 for assaulting a security guard at last year's Glastonbury Festival.
The DJ and actor - real name Clifford Joseph Price - attacked bouncer Dennis Poole on 23 June.
The court heard Mr Poole was assaulted after they refused to let Price's daughter go backstage.
Price, 52, of Tring, Hertfordshire, was fined £1,080 at Bristol Magistrates' Court.
They were also told to pay compensation of £500 and costs of £883.
Image copyright PA Image caption Charges against Goldie's daughter Chance Price were dismissed
Price was described as acting as a "raging bull" when Mr Poole refused them and their daughter access to a restricted area.
The court heard Chance Price, 20, and their friend had attempted to gain entry to the restricted area at about 19:00 BST.
They had been "whisked" into the BBC area, where Price was due to be interviewed by BBC Radio 1's Annie Mac, without passes but were stopped when they tried to re-enter after leaving to buy food.
Ms Price phoned their father for assistance but when they arrived it was noted that they also did not have the required wristband for the area.
Witnesses described how Price "puffed their chest out" before pushing Mr Poole back and placing them in a headlock.
Both men ended up on the floor, with the security guard suffering scratches to their face and neck, a sore ear and a grazed elbow.
Image copyright PA Image caption Dennis Poole was attacked after they refused to let Price's daughter go backstage
Price initially claimed they had acted in self defence but subsequently previously admitted the offence in March via Facetime from Thailand.
They appeared in person alongside their daughter for sentencing on Wednesday.
Prosecutors offered no evidence against Ms Price, of Leavesden, Hertfordshire, and the case against them was dismissed.
District Judge David Taylor told Price: "Your entirely unjustified actions demonstrate an arrogant sense of entitlement based on your own self importance.
"The physical injuries sustained by Mr Poole at your hands were relatively minor but the assault has had an emotional and psychological impact on him.
"This was an assault on a man simply doing their job."
In a victim personal statement read to the court, Mr Poole said they had been forced to give up their career of six years.
They said: "He came right up in my face, they were telling me they could do what they wanted."
Image caption The actor and producer appeared in Strictly Come Dancing in 2010
Speaking outside the court, Price said they were "apologising as a man would do".
They added: "I took a bullet for my daughter, I'm happy.
"Hopefully they can move on and understand if you're doing your job do it right."
Price, who was born in Walsall, West Midlands, made their name as a music producer in the 1990s when the rave scene was at its peak.
Known for their distinctive gold "grill" - or row of front teeth - they have also appeared on screen, acting in James Bond film The World Is Not Enough, Guy Ritchie's gangster caper Snatch and EastEnders.
More recently, they have cropped up in a number of reality TV shows, including Celebrity Big Brother, Strictly Come Dancing, and Come Dine with Me.
Liverpool are keeping tabs on Bayer Leverkusen youngster Kai Havertz, according to the Liverpool Echo.
The Reds reportedly had scouts at Germany Under-19s' game against Belarus Under-19s at the Ernest Pohl Stadium in Zabrze, Poland, on Wednesday evening to watch Havertz in action in a Uefa European Under-19 Championship qualifier.
Jurgen Klopp's representative witnessed the 18-year-old scoring four goals in a 1-5 win for the Germans. Two of their goals were penalties, but they also claimed an assist for the one Germany goal they didn't score.
The attacking midfielder made their first-team debut for Leverkusen last October aged 17 years and 126 days.
They clocked up 24 Bundesliga appearances last term, scoring four goals and six assists, and has already mad five senior appearances this season.
Havertz, who can play on the right wing or through the middle, and has been compared to compatriot Mesut Ozil, signed a new contract in July and is tied to Leverkusen until June 2022.
MEXICO CITY — New President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador went to one of their most important meetings yet Tuesday by cruising through city traffic in a compact car with the windows down and no visible security detail, establishing a casual new style of leadership that has some expressing concerns for their safety in violence-wracked Mexico.
In place of police outriders, a half dozen television cameramen on motorcycles buzzed around Lopez Obrador's car en route to a meeting with outgoing President Enrique Pena Nieto at the National Palace in the heart of Mexico City.
“The people will protect me,” Lopez Obrador told reporters who asked about the lack of security.
They suggested journalists would also cover their back, but jokingly complained that “I have been hit a few times by cameras” and they asked reporters: “Don't squash me.”
Lopez Obrador met with Pena Nieto to discuss the transition for their taking office Dec. 1, hoping to ensure an orderly transfer of power after a heated and polarizing campaign.
Mexico's Foreign Relations Department, meanwhile, said U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will visit Mexico on July 13 to met with Lopez Obrador, the first high-level meeting with a leftist populist who has long denied accusations of being anti-American.
Lopez Obrador praised the Mexican team that has been leading talks under Pena Nieto to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
“I have the impression they haven't done a bad job,” they said, though they also want their team to sit in on the talks.
The administration of President Donald Trump has demanded higher U.S. or regional content in key sectors like autos and a phase-out clause for the 1994 trade agreement.
Lopez Obrador also has been critical of NAFTA in the past and has suggested it include issues such as immigration.
Lopez Obrador said that they have already met with business people after their crushing victory in Sunday's election and that they planned a Tuesday night meeting on inviting international figures — including Pope Francis, rights activists and the United Nations — to help come up with a plan to solve Mexico's problem of soaring violent crime.
That violence was on many minds as television stations carried live images of Lopez Obrador weaving through Mexico City's notoriously chaotic traffic in the front passenger seat of a compact car that was at least five years old.
One television reporter on a motorcycle even interviewed Lopez Obrador briefly through the car's open window.
Lopez Obrador, 64, confirmed that they won't budge on their decision to forgo secret service protection. They said they will essentially dissolve Mexico's equivalent of the secret service back into the army, of which it is unit. They also vowed to sell off government airplanes and travel on commercial flights, where they usually go tourist class.
“He who fights for justice has nothing to fear,” the president-elect said. “I do not want to have bodyguards.”
Jose Antonio Crespo, a political analyst at Mexico's Center for Economic Research and Teaching, called it “an act of absolute irresponsibility.”
“It is a little demagogic to say, ‘I am just like anybody else, I have no privileges,' when they aren't just an average citizen, they are a head of state,” Crespo said. “A good part of the country's stability and rule of law depend on their security and health.”
“It is one of the things I would say is populist about him,” Crespo said.
Polimnia Romana Sierra organized Lopez Obrador's six-member, all-female security detail when they served as Mexico City mayor from 2000 to 2006. They said the group, known as “gazelles,” never acted as traditional bodyguards.
They said Lopez Obrador as mayor, and later during their first run as a presidential candidate in 2006, “never left anybody with an unshaken hand. They accepted everything” — all the gifts, food and religious amulets they were given by supporters.
It was hardly an ideal security setup, but Romana Sierra noted the group never had to draw their guns.
It seemed Lopez Obrador wanted the team there to protect them against the crush of adoring crowds or attempts to politically embarrass him, for example, by paying someone to confront them verbally.
But even Romana Sierra said that as president, Lopez Obrador should accept traditional security. “He not only should, they are obliged to.”
“He is no longer Andres Manuel,” said Romana Sierra. “He represents a whole nation.”
A total of 145 politicians — most local figures — have been killed in Mexico since September.
Lopez Obrador was eager to call for national unity and praised Pena Nieto for not interfering in the campaign.
Photos showed the two men shaking hands and strolling the opulent halls of the colonial-era National Palace off the main square known as the Zocalo, the political and cultural heart of the country.
Lopez Obrador said they were entering the meeting with in a “conciliatory spirit” and they hope for “a transition for the benefit of everyone.”
They won election Sunday in a landslide with about 53 per cent of the votes against three competitors, after coming up short in two previous runs for the presidency.
WASHINGTON – Michael Flynn's resignation as national security adviser 24 days into the Trump administration has foreign policy advisers scrambling to make sense of the nation's rapidly shifting position in the world.
Some saw it as likely to moderate the administration's zeal for allowing fighting radical Islamic extremism to become the driver of U.S. policy - Flynn was a strident believer that the Islamic State and radical Islam are an existential threat to the West.
But the impact on U.S. relations with Russia might be even greater, with Flynn becoming the third Trump official to depart over their Russia ties.
Trump “will be more inclined to regard Russia as a threat,” said Mark F. Cancian, senior adviser at the International Security Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Flynn was one of Trump's closest and longest-tenured confidants, joining the campaign in the early days of 2016, two months after they famously attended the gala of Russian broadcaster RT and was seated next to President Vladimir Putin. Until Tuesday, they had the ear of the president every day, often multiple times a day. Their job entailed both briefing the president and coordinating with other national security officials in the administration.
Experts said their departure likely means more room to focus on other potential threats around the world, not just the Islamic State.
Nora Bensahel, distinguished scholar-in-residence at American University's School of International Service, expects more attention on Iran, Russia and North Korea. The Islamic State will remain a very important national security issue, but, they said, it won't be the “first one among equals.”
“It will be more seen by whoever succeeds Flynn as an important problem, but as a practical problem to be solved rather than an ideology which must fundamentally be addressed for the very survival of the United States,” Bensahel said.
Flynn is the third Trump adviser forced out over links to the Russian government of President Vladimir Putin. Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign manager, was first. Carter Page, an early foreign policy adviser to the campaign, also left amid scrutiny over their Russian ties.
But the Trump administration's strident views on Islam aren't likely to go away. Other senior Trump advisers, such as Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller, are likely to continue to push an anti-Islam line.
As for Russia, the former officials named as likely successors, retired Army Gen. David Petraeus, who also headed the CIA, or retired Vice Adm. Bob Harward, a former Navy SEAL, wouldn't be anyone's candidate for being in the pocket of the Russians.
They also don't share Flynn's extreme views on Islam. Both recognize the issue is more complex than the phrase “radical Islamic terrorism” suggests, said Colin Kahl, a national security adviser to former Vice President Joe Biden and currently a professor at Georgetown University.
But Kahl said it still remains to be seen if a new national security adviser can reassert the traditional authority of the National Security Council.
“Will they actually be able to push that line?” Kahl said. “Or are they going to be boxed out by Bannon? Especially since Trump is pretty all in on the radical Islamic terrorism thing.”
Congress is already looking into Russian meddling in the United States political system. Several top Republicans expect the investigation to expand to include the circumstances surrounding Flynn's departure.
Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee and Senate Republican leadership, said they expected Flynn to testify before Congress. Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida, told reporters Tuesday that Flynn's departure should be handled as part of a broader investigation into Russia's involvement in U.S. affairs.
“I believe the scope of that would cover anything that has to do with Russia and its involvement in, before, during and after, the election,” Rubio said. “I have full confidence that the intelligence committee is going to do a good job. If they don't, I'll let everyone know that we didn't, but I believe that we can and I believe that we will.”
Rep. Mark Sanford, R-S.C., hopes the experience will cause the administration to be more circumspect with both formal and informal communications between governments.
“When I talk to people back home, one of their concerns is there's been this Wild West, cowboy element in the way Trump will say anything to anybody at any time,” Sanford said. “And I think diplomacy is what the word suggests - there should be a level of diplomacy. So I think it's perhaps a learning moment for the administration to make sure all the T's are crossed and all the's are dotted in our engaging with foreign nations.”
On Tuesday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer dismissed any accusations that Trump was going easy on Russia. They emphasized that the president continues to raise the issue of Crimea, “which the previous administration allowed to be seized by Russia.”
Michael Rubin, a former Pentagon official and current resident scholar at the conservative-leaning American Enterprise Institute, said Flynn's departure will open up a greater perspective on a range of threats from Iran to Russia and, perhaps, a better understanding of how they interlock and affect each other.
“We're going to back into realm of reality with Russia,” Rubin said. “Every recent president, George W. Bush and Barack Obama, tried to have a reset with Russia. But love the policy or hate the policy, those policies were based on much more understood set of facts or parameters. The problem with Flynn is it seemed they were willing to believe all the sweet nothings that were whispered into their ear.”
MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. — It wasn't the Easter bunny that startled a South Carolina homeowner and their family. It wasn't even a burglar.
The Post and Courier of Charleston reports Susie and Steve Polston were worried that someone was trying to get into their home on Sunday. Instead, Polston's 16-year-old son found the intruder: a nine-foot alligator crawling on their second-story porch.
The family says the alligator climbed a back stairwell to the porch, crunched through the aluminum screen door and nestled between a sofa and a swinging bench.
State law requires a nuisance-trapped alligator to be killed, but the family didn't want that. The other choice was to wait it out, but the alligator was eventually euthanized.
Last year, an alligator rang a doorbell, while another fell asleep on a porch.
In October, NBC worked with a group of researchers to buy Twitter bots from Devumi, a social media marketing company. NBC News' Jo Ling Kent reported that for just $25, anyone can get a message retweeted thousands of times by a small army of sketchy and bogus profiles and bots.
On Sunday, The New York Times reported that it investigated the same company and found that Devumi had a stockpile of over 3.5 million automated accounts it sold over and over again to its customers.
Those customers included a celebrity chef, actor John Leguizamo, and even Twitter board member Martha Lane Fox.
At least 55,000 of the bogus accounts copied the photos, names, and hometowns of legitimate users, making only slight tweaks. For instance, change an "i" to an "l" in the profile name, a kind of "social media identity theft," The Times reported.
All told, the company artificially boosted their customers' accounts by over 200 million followers, the Times investigation found.
Reached for comment, Twitter said it catches more than 6.4 million bots per week. In later comments, it tweeted, "The tactics used by Devumi on our platform and others... violate our policies and are unacceptable to us. We are working to stop them and any companies like them."
Related How Russian trolls duped dozens of celebrities
Experts say Twitter isn't breaking any laws by allowing automated bots on its network — but by not putting up an anti-SPAM "CAPTCHA" when new users sign up and allowing more automated access, the social media platform is not doing as much as it can to stop the botification. And those inflated engagement numbers the bots provide help the company's profits.
"The U.S. government in terms of the laws that there are surrounding being able to buy followers or buy fake content, it's the Wild West," Sam Woolley, Research Director for the IFTF Digital Intelligence Lab, told NBC News.
Attorney General Schneiderman announced an investigation into Devumi on Sunday.
"Impersonation and deception are illegal under New York law," they tweeted. "The internet should be one of the greatest tools for democracy — but it's increasingly being turned into an opaque, pay-to-play playground."
A quarter of men and 20 percent of women have the strain of HPV (human papillomavirus or human wart virus) that causes cancer, new government statistics show.
And 45 percent of men have some kind of genital HPV, the latest data from the National Center for Health Statistics show.
University of Miami pediatrician Judith L. Schaechter, M.D. gives an HPV vaccination to a 13-year-old girl in their office at the Miller School of Medicine in Miami, Fla. Joe Raedle / Getty Images file
For people under 25, there's a vaccine that can protect them from the strains of HPV that cause a range of cancers, from head and neck cancer to cervical cancer. For the rest of the population, the viruses continue to circulate.
"Human papillomavirus (HPV) is the most common sexually transmitted infection in the United States," the team at the NCHS, part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, wrote.
"Some HPV types can cause genital warts and are considered low risk, with a small chance for causing cancer. Other types are considered high risk, causing cancer in different areas of the body including the cervix and vagina in women, penis in men, and anus and oropharynx (mouth and throat) in both men and women."
Related: Michael Douglas Was Right. HPV Causes Throat Cancer
The team looked at large national health surveys, which included HPV tests, taken in 2011 through 2014.
In 2013 and 2014, 45 percent of all men aged up to 60 had some sort of HPV strain and 25 percent had one of the strains that can cause cancer. Close to 40 percent of women had any type of HPV and 20 percent had a cancer-causing strain, the researchers reported.
Related: HPV Cancers Are an Epidemic
About 4 percent of all adults had an oral infection with a cancer-causing strain of HPV.
"Men had a higher prevalence of oral HPV than women," the team wrote.
Some experts believe 70 percent of all head and neck cancers are caused by HPV, likely spread by oral sex. According to experts, by 2020 head and neck cancer will beat out cervical cancer as the most common HPV-related cancer.
Related: HPV Infections Plummet After Vaccination
There are 109 known different types of human papillomaviruses.
Two Food and Drug Administration-approved vaccines — Cervarix and Gardasil — prevent infection with the cancer-causing HPV strains 16 and 18. Gardasil additionally covers the wart-causing strains 6 and 11. A new form of Gardasil, approved earlier this year, adds five more high-risk HPV strains to its coverage, for even more cancer protection.
Both boys and girls are supposed to get two or three doses of the vaccine, starting at age 11 or 12.
Image copyright Google Image caption St Colmcille's Church in Carrickmore, County Tyrone was targeted by vandals
A Catholic church in Northern Ireland has been daubed with anti-abortion graffiti for the second time in 24 hours.
The latest attack happened at a church in Carrickmore, County Tyrone.
Several messages were painted on the walls of St Colmcille's, including one which said "only DUP speaks for Irish unborn".
The message references the Democratic Unionist Party's (DUP) anti-abortion stance.
A picture of the graffiti attack was published by the Ulster Herald newspaper.
The incident comes after a similar attack on St Patrick's Cathedral in Armagh.
"Save the 8th save Ireland" and "Sin (sic) Fein Irish baby killers speak up" were among the messages painted on the cathedral.
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption One of the messages daubed on the walls of St Patrick's Cathedral in Armagh
Sinn Féin condemned the incident in Carrickmore as a "sectarian hate crime".
"This disgraceful graffiti attack on Carrickmore Chapel is the second such attack on a church property in 24 hours," said Órfhlaith Begley.
"I have visited Carrickmore Chapel this morning - I have spoken to Father O'Neill and parishioners and people are incensed by this blatant sectarian vandalism."
Skip Twitter post by @OrfhlaithBegley I condemn the sectarian attack on my local chapel in Carrickmore. This is an attack on our local community. It is a sectarian hate crime and those responsible should be brought to book. I would appeal to anyone with any information to bring it forward to PSNI. — Órfhlaith Begley (@OrfhlaithBegley) April 24, 2018 Report
Alliance Party member Stephen Donnelly - who is running against Ms Begley in the West Tyrone by-election along with Thomas Buchanan (DUP), Chris Smyth (UUP) and Daniel McCrossan (SDLP) - tweeted that the incident was a "vile attack aimed at her".
Image copyright Pacemaker
The police said it was investigating both attacks as reports of criminal damage. They said the Carrickmore incident took place between 21:40 BST on Monday and 08:05 on Tuesday morning and the Armagh incident took place between 23:00 on Sunday and 08:00 on Monday.
They have appealed for information.
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Police said it was investigating a report of criminal damage at St Patrick's Cathdral between Sunday night and Monday morning
A referendum on abortion is scheduled to be held in the Republic of Ireland on Friday 25 May.
The vote will decide on whether or not to repeal the Eighth Amendment of the Irish constitution, which upholds Ireland's strict abortion laws.
Sinn Féin are among the parties campaigning for a yes vote in the referendum.
Kieran Trippier: I knew I had to make an impact for Spurs at Watford
Kieran Trippier set up two of Tottenham's four goals at Watford on Sunday. Picture: PA PA Archive/PA Images
Tottenham right-back Kieran Trippier says it was important they seized their chance against Watford yesterday, given the fine form of their team-mate and rival Kyle Walker.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Spurs' first-choice full-backs, Walker and Danny Rose, have been key men as the Lilywhites have hit top form, winning six of their last seven games and pushing into the top four, above Manchester City.
The pair have contributed a goal and three assists between them since mid-December, while Trippier and deputy left-back Ben Davies have watched on from the sidelines.
However, Walker was suspended for yesterday's trip to Watford, giving Trippier the opportunity to make their first appearance since November 22, and their first Premier League start of the season.
The 26-year-old certainly made the most of their opening as they set up two goals for Harry Kane inside the first 33 minutes en route to a comprehensive 4-1 victory – and they admit they recognised the importance of the opportunity.
“I've not played for a couple of weeks so I thought it was important I did well for the team and tried to set up a few, or just did my best,” said Trippier. “I thought I helped the team, and it was a good three points.
“I've had to wait and that's because Walks has been doing really well. If you see the performances that Danny and Kyle have been putting in this season, last season and in the Euros, it's a difficult week in and week out against them because they're both flying.
“All I can do is keep working hard in training and just keep my head down - and when I'm called upon, like yesterday, just give my best and try to get a few assists myself.”
Pochettino opted to play with wing-backs for the third time this season against Watford, and Trippier got forward to good effect.
A clever low pass infield from the touchline created Kane's opening goal, and a deadly half-volleyed cross then gifted their team-mate a close-range finish.
“I like playing in a 3-5-2 so I can get forward and get those early balls into the strikers,” said Trippier. “If it's a 3-5-2 or 4-4-2, or whatever formation it is, if I'm playing I'll make sure I try to do my best.
“I've practised since I was a young boy, practising crossing and set plays, so when I play I like to get as high up as I can and try to support the forwards. Luckily I've got two assists - I try to help whenever I'm called upon.”
Coincidentally, Trippier's first Premier League start last season also came at Watford's Vicarage Road at the turn of the year, when they also set up a goal – and that outing on December 28 2015 marked the start of a consistent run of games as they alternated with Walker.
History could now repeat itself as Spurs prepare to enter the FA Cup on Sunday, while attempting to maintain their momentum in the league.
Meanwhile, Trippier is adjusting to life as a parent after the birth of their first child, Jacob, at the start of December.
“I have to help my wife because they obviously lived through the pregnancy,” said Trippier. “I have to help them at times, get up and feed the baby etcetera like everybody knows. But I've been coming into training, still doing my hard work, working hard and fighting for my spot, so I'm delighted with my performance [against Watford].
“Some nights I've not slept as well as I'd like to. I need to look after my family and being a new dad, it's an experience and I need to sort a few things out. We've talked about it, me and the manager. We talked about a few things and we'll move on.”
Rose, who started opposite Trippier on the left flank against Watford, was full of praise for their colleague's display in Hertfordshire.
“I thought they were brilliant,” said the left-back. “If there's one thing I always say to Kieran and about Kieran it's that their delivery is unbelievable. The ball for Harry's second goal was no fluke. They do that every day in training and I'm over the moon for him.
“Kieran is probably one of the nicest people I've come across in football and for them to get their chance yesterday, it's great that he's taken it.
“I do feel for them a little bit, with Kyle being outstanding all season - he's pushed on another level. It's great that when people don't play there are lads who can come in and are ready to take the chance. Kieran's done that and I'm over the moon for him.”
Follow me on Twitter @BenPearceSpurs
A Russian state news agency says that the children of Russian diplomats expelled by the United States are being invited to a holiday gathering at the Kremlin.
The White House on Thursday ordered 35 diplomats out of the country as part of measures aimed at punishing Russia for alleged hacking interference in the U.S. presidential election. Many of them and their families arrived in Moscow early Monday.
Some officials complained that the expulsion ruined families' celebrations of New Year's Eve, Russia's main gift-giving festivity.
Elena Krylova, a spokesperson for the presidential affairs administration, was quoted by the Tass news agency as saying that a visit for the children to see the holiday tree in the State Kremlin Palace is being organized.
FORT LAUDERDALE – With 130 guests in attendance, this year's Female Development World Organization “Protect the Children” gala in aid of Human Trafficking and Child Abuse Prevention, was held on Thursday, June 28, 2018 6:30pm-11:00pm at the brand-new Crystal Ballroom located at The Venue Fort Lauderdale.
“It was a huge success not by the quantity of attendance but by the quality; the message was so impactful, it left some in tears. I am very pleased by the number of pledges to help move this agenda forwards. I thank all our host committee, sponsors, donors and volunteers.” quotes Lavern Deer -President.
There was a LIVE performance by Legendary Betty Wright group, The MOST including 10-year-old artist Tyler Watts who shifted the entire atmosphere with their voice in song. It was powerful!
This annual fundraising event seeks to bring awareness to the growing issues of Human Trafficking and Child Abuse Prevention in local, and international communities.
The evening began with a presentation called Lighting the Way as the audience participated in a candlelight vigil for survivors of human trafficking.
The story of Nadia Weiss was extremely inspiring.  They are a survivor of human trafficking-captured for 17years beginning at the age of 11years old. They informed the audience of the lack of resources and the struggle for Mental Health to those who escape the slavery of human trafficking.
Special guest speaker Tragil Wade, Founder of America's Big Sister shared their impactful testimony as they are also a survivor.
Representative Sean Shaw a candidate for Florida Attorney General solidified the night by holding up the pledge card that was placed on the tables. They pledged that when they get into office that they will take the necessary measure to assure that viable resources are made available for survivors of human trafficking and advocacy.
Our mission and greatest message for the entire night was for people to support the advocacy of human trafficking. There is lack of resources to do the work and educate communities. Those who were among the honorees fought hard for the advocacy of our children and it is well deserved.
Maria Sachs-(Founder of Anti-Human Trafficking Coalition) received the Lifetime Achievement Award, Roger DeHart– Protect the Children Award, Dr. Dorothy Bendross-Bendigal –FDWO Humanitarian Award, and Senator Daphne Campbell –FDWO International Leadership Award, MC Calvin Hughes, News Anchor, Local 10 News, FDWO-FPL Light The Way Scholarship presented to DrewAnn Fearon.
Even though human trafficking is a 150-billion-dollar industry there is a lack of resources and support for those who make it out alive. They are currently looking for sponsors and supporters to financially contribute to the cause of Female Development World Organization, feel free to log onto their website at www.fdwo.org or contact them at (754) 715-3206.
21 new and notable Android games from the last week including Death Coming, Stories of Bethem - Full Moon, and Deploy and Destroy: Ash vs ED (5/23/18 - 5/27/18)
GORAKHPUR, INDIA: Mohammad Zahid battled exhaustion to keep a manual pump pushing air into their five-year-old daughter but slowly the life went out of Khushi, one of dozens of children who died at a Gorakhpur hospital that ran out of oxygen.
While a major controversy has erupted in India over more than 60 deaths at the Baba Raghav Das Hospital, Zahid told AFP in an interview of grief and anger that they did not believe the truth would ever come out.
“Not everything that happened there is being reported,” the 34-year-old said, shaking their head in disbelief at official denials that lack of oxygen caused any of the deaths.
Khushi, whose name means ‘happiness' in Hindi, was taken to Baba Raghav with a high fever that quickly worsened. Hospital doctors told the family it was encephalitis, which is endemic in the region.
They were one of about 30 children who died after oxygen supplies ran out. Allegations have been made that the state-run hospital had not paid its bills.
“We didn't use the pumps for just two hours, as some reports suggest. We used them all through Friday,” they said, stood next to their son outside the family home in a rural zone of Gorakhpur. They held up a picture of Khushi.
Zahid said that they and a 17-year-old nephew took turns to use a manual pump in a desperate bid to keep the girl breathing.
“They told us to keep pressing to make sure my daughter keeps breathing.”
“It was exhausting. Our hands were in agony, but we could not stop. We had not eaten before going to the hospital and we were tired with all the stress and standing there.
“I did not move from my daughter's bedside from the time they were admitted until the doctors gave me the bad news.”
Khushi was pronounced dead late Friday and buried the next day in line with Muslim rituals.
“An older man next to a one-year-old girl in the ward asked me to check if they were still breathing. They died only a few hours before my daughter,” Zahid said.
At least 64 children, some newborns, died over a six-day period last week at the hospital in northern India's Uttar Pradesh state.
Indian media have linked more than 30 of the deaths to a lack of oxygen on Thursday and Friday.
While the hospital superintendent has been suspended, authorities have insisted the lack of oxygen was not a cause of death.
“How can they say that a supply disruption did not have a role in the deaths,” said Zahid.
“My daughter could still move their body till the oxygen supply stopped. Them condition deteriorated as we used those manual air pumps,” they added.
State chief minister Yogi Adityanath, a firebrand Hindu priest from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party, has vowed to punish anyone found to have been negligent. “He will not be spared at any cost,” Adityanath said after the visiting the hospital on Sunday.
The chief minister blamed the deaths on encephalitis — a mosquito-borne virus that every year ravages poorer, eastern Uttar Pradesh, India's largest state with more than 200 million people.
But students hurled eggs and tomatoes at the home of the Uttar Pradesh health minister on Sunday. The opposition Congress party has said the children were victims of “murder.”
Zahid, who does odd-jobs at a local market, was typical of the mainly poor families who use the state-run hospital.
Most patients come from marginalized rural communities around Gorakhpur.
“Of course I would like to know what happened to my child. But will they tell us? They never do, and does it even matter as my daughter is dead” said Zahid.
France 34-24 Ireland
Three second-half tries weren't enough in a gallant Irish comeback in Bordeaux as Noel McNamara's U20's side fell to a 34-24 in the opening weekend of the Six Nations.
Trailing 22-3 at the interval, the visitors appeared to be staring down the barrel of a heavy defeat, but a penalty try, and efforts from Jonny Stewart and Dave McCarthy, reduced the deficit to just three points with just over five minutes remaining at the Stade Chaban-Delmas.
However a fifth try from the hosts late on, with substitute prop Demba Bamba powering over, sealed a 10-point victory.
The hosts began in superb style with Romain Ntamack stamping their class all over proceedings.
Son of French rugby legend Emile, the out-half scored two first-half tries, was flawless from the tee and looked a threat every time they got their hands on the ball.
Sandwiched between their brace was a training ground move that saw flanker Ibrahim Diallo take a pop pass from a five metre lineout to peel around the cover and dash over.
Harry Byrne's penalty was all Ireland had to show on the scoreboard with poor handling causing many attacks to come a cropper in a nervy opening 40 minutes.
After the resumption however Ireland took the game to France and fully deserved their penalty try when captain Tommy O'Brien and full-back Michael Silvester attempted to ground Byrne's through ball.
Ireland used a subsequent penalty to set up another close-in maul and scrum-half Stewart brilliantly broke from the back to evade Lamothe along the right touchline and dive over in the corner. Byrne swung over an excellent conversion to cut the gap on the hour mark before Jules Gimbert stemmed the tide with France's fourth try on the night.
There was still time for further drama.
James McCarthy drew in two defenders past halfway and sent O'Brien flying up the left touchline before their return pass put the Munster Academy back racing over for a try to the left of the posts.
Byrne, who was increasingly influential in exposing the space behind the French defence, added a well-struck conversion to give Ireland a real shot at 27-24 down and seven minutes left to play.
It simply wasn't to be however and substitute Bamba sealed the win for France with a try in the final minute of the game.
"It was a very poor start from us," captain O'Brien conceded afterwards.
"Then we got it back to 27-24 so we're bitterly disappointed not to come away with the win in the end. The game just got away from us a little bit.
"There were a lot of positives to build on from that second half. We want to build our Six Nations on that second half 40 minutes."
Ireland: Michael Silvester; Peter Sullivan, David McCarthy, Tommy O'Brien, James McCarthy; Harry Byrne, Jonny Stewart; Jordan Duggan, Ronan Kelleher, Jack Aungier; Cormac Daly, Jack Dunne; Matthew Dalton, Aaron Hall, Jack O'Sullivan.
Replacements: Diarmuid Barron, James French, Tom O'Toole, Ronan Coffey, Sean Masterson, Hugh O'Sullivan, Angus Curtis, Angus Kernohan.
By summer 2018 Germania will have a third aircraft permanently based at Dresden airport and will add new destinations to its flight programme. This is reflected in Germania's flight schedule from the capital of the State of Saxony that the airline with the green and white livery has released for sales on Thursday.
"We have experienced very high demand from tour operators for our flights to holiday destinations and currently we are unable to satisfy that demand in full," commented Claus Altenburg, Director Sales at Germania, with reference to bookings for this summer. To meet overall demand, the flight offerings for next summer will be boosted by operating a third Boeing 737-700: a further 14 departures will be added to the present number of 33 departures each week.
There will be more flights to the Greek islands of Crete, Rhodes and Kos. Germania will also be adding further flights to Antalya in Turkey, doubling the volume to four flights per week. The daily connection to Palma de Mallorca will continue, as well as the flights to the Canary Islands.
A new destination that has been added to the schedule is Athens, the Greek capital, with two flights per week and further travel options. An existing codeshare agreement between Germania and the Greek airline Sky Express will allow travellers from Dresden to fly via Athens to islands such as Mykonos, Santorini, Paros or Karpathos. Altogether there are now ten new holiday destinations available.
"Germania's commitment to Dresden airport is a real success story", said a delighted Markus Kopp, Executive Director at Mitteldeutsche Flughafen AG and Managing Director at Flughafen Dresden GmbH. "Our Dresden-based home carrier has recognised the potential of this region and has now become the largest leisure carrier in Dresden. Thanks to a third aircraft being based here, passengers from the border triangle have new travel options, which also offer greater flexibility in terms of timing. Greece is experiencing a very dynamic upturn as a holiday destination, and as a result we are particularly delighted with the new scheduled flights to Athens and the many additional connecting flights."
One-way flights are available from only 49 Euros. Tickets can be purchased at www.flygermania.com or by phoning +49 30 610 818 000 (normal landline charges apply to the German network, mobile phone charges may vary) and at selected travel agents. All prices quoted include tax and fees, as well as the legally-required air travel surcharge.
Germania Fluggesellschaft mbH
Germania is an independent German airline which was established over 30 years ago. On short and medium haul flights the airline, with its distinctive green and white livery, carries more than 2.8 million passengers per year. Germania offers connections from 20 departure airports in Europe to over 55 destinations within the continent, North Africa and the Middle East. Reversing the common industry trend, Germania continues to offer complimentary snacks, soft drinks, magazines and a minimum of 20 kg free baggage allowance. Germania operates scheduled, charter and ad-hoc flights. Together with its Swiss affiliated company Germania Flug AG, the airline currently operates 27 aircraft. Germania Technik Brandenburg GmbH is responsible for the company's aircraft maintenance. www.flygermania.com
Diese Pressemitteilungen könnten Sie auch interessieren
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Joe Mauer, Kyle Gibson and the Minnesota Twins made some big defensive plays in a loss to the Cleveland Indians.
More FOX Sports North Videos Wild's Boudreau on loss: ‘We were friggin' good tonight' Twins Final Pitch: Minnesota loses first series finale of season WATCH: Twins' Dozier gets MLB's first inside-the-park homer of the season Wild Breakaway: Another one-goal game from Minnesota's offense WATCH: Twins bats come alive in huge first inning WATCH: Parise scores in Wild's 2-1 loss to Blues More FOX Sports North Videos
The St. Jude Dream Home Giveaway is off and running for 2018.
Buckeye Real Estate Group is ready to start building a dream home in support of the children and the fight against cancer at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
"St. Jude Children's Research Hospital changes the way the world understands, treats and defeats childhood cancer and so we are leading the path," said Mike Hull with St. Jude. "We are trying to change the overall cancer survival rate to more than 80 percent survival compared to 20 percent when the hospital opened in 1962."
The St. Jude Dream Home built by Buckeye Real Estate Group could be yours. Tickets are $100 each and go on sale May 16th.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
A Brooklyn townhouse at 27 Monroe Place developed by Kushner Companies — where presidential son-in-law Jared Kushner was CEO until they resigned in January — has sold for $12.9 million, Gimme Shelter has learned.
That makes it the second-most expensive home to sell in the borough this year, according to city property records.
The Brooklyn Heights home — which sparked the interest of Matt Damon's wife, Luciana Barroso, who did not end up buying it — was originally asking $16 million. In 2014, Kushner Companies bought the townhouse for $7.41 million from Brooklyn Law School.
Built in 1844, the five-story home is 25 feet wide and 7,000 square feet. It comes with five bedrooms, six bathrooms and three powder rooms — along with an elevator, radiant-heated floors and a chef's kitchen with a dumbwaiter to the parlor floor butler's pantry.
The listing brokers were Leslie Marshall and James Cornell of The Corcoran Group. Brooklyn's priciest sale of the year (and the most expensive apartment ever sold in the borough) occurred at 1 Main St. in Dumbo in March. Its Clock Tower triplex penthouse finally sold for $15 million to Colombian art dealer Lio Malca.
Angelina Jolie spotted running errands with Vivienne in LA. #angelinajolie #viviennejoliepitt #bradpitt #celebritymom #celebritykids #kidsfashion #fashionkids #instafashionkids #celebritykidcam
A post shared by Celebritykidcam (@celebritykidcam) on Aug 13, 2017 at 6:09am PDT
iStock/fotostorm
Christopher Coogan, MD, professor of urology at Rush University Medical Center, says about 10 to 15 percent of the population will develop kidney stones in their lifetimes, small hard mineral deposits formed in the kidney that can be painful to pass at some point in their lives, with white men ages 40 to 60 the most likely to have kidney stones. Dr. Coogan says those who already have had a kidney stone have a 50 percent chance of developing another kidney stone within 10 years. But how do you know if what you have is a kidney stone opposed to stomach or back pain?
Sudden and severe pain
Adults are often diagnosed with kidney stones after a trip to the emergency room or visit to their primary physician because of sudden severe abdominal and/or back pain they've been experiencing. This sudden and severe pain in the stomach and/or one side of the back is one of the classic symptoms of kidney stones.
“Pain associated with kidney stones often comes on suddenly and is sometimes described as excruciating as the pain associated with labor,” says Douglas Propp, MD, Medical Director and Chair of Emergency Medicine at Advocate Lutheran General Hospital in Park Ridge, Illinois.
Severe pain from which you can find no relief helps differentiate pain associated with kidney stones from a stomach ache or back strain. Pain associated with kidney stones can sometimes be confused with a backache because pain associated with kidney stones can start higher up in the back. As the stone moves closer to the bladder, the location of the pain can move lower. An important difference though: The back pain that accompanies kidney stones is unlike the pain of typical back strains because it is not associated with any movement.
“One can usually figure out which side the kidney stone is on because the pain will typically, although not always, be on one side of the stomach versus the other,” says Dr. Coogan.
Kidney stones can range in size; Dr. Coogan notes the average size of a kidney stone is 5 millimeters. However, the size of the stone doesn't necessarily affect how much pain someone is in. Even a very tiny kidney stone can cause a “whole lot of hurt,” says Dr. Coogan. Kidney stones can be so painful that they awaken people from sleep and prevent them from finding a standing, sitting, or lying down position that provides relief.
“The pain can come on at any time and is severe, typically preventing the individual from finding a comfortable position, says Dr. Propp.
Blood in the urine
Another possible warning sign of kidney stones is finding blood in one's urine. Dr. Coogan says this occurs in the majority of patients who have kidney stones. Blood in the urine is an abnormal condition and you should get evaluated if you notice this symptom.
Other warning signs
While sudden and severe stomach and/or back pain and blood in the urine can be key indicators of kidney stones, Dr. Propp and Dr. Coogan noted other warning signs that patients should look for:
Content continues below ad
Nausea
Vomiting
Perspiring
Turning very pale because of the pain
Certain types of kidney stones can also cause infections, which can lead to fevers. “When the kidney gets obstructed, it can lead to fever because there can be back up of urine and that can lead to an infection,” says Dr. Coogan.
How kidney stones are diagnosed and treated
Kidney stones can be diagnosed through X–ray, ultrasound, or CAT scan and are typically found after a person visits the emergency room or makes an appointment with their primary care physician because of the pain they've been experiencing.
Dr. Propp says most patients pass their kidney stones, leading to significant relief of their symptoms. But some kidney stones require surgery to remove them. Doctors sometimes prescribe medication to either manage the pain associated with kidney stones or to help the stone pass. “The smaller the stone is the more likely it is to pass on its own, not requiring surgery,” says Dr. Coogan.
How to prevent kidney stones
Coogan says one way people can prevent kidney stones from developing is to drink enough water, as dehydration is considered one of the causes of kidney stones. According to MayoClinic, it also helps to ease up on the salt and animal proteins.
Unfortunately, it is that time of year again when we start to see potholes forming on roads across the county.
It's normal for more potholes to develop during the winter, but the weather this year has been particularly bad for the roads. The combination of wet weather, freezing temperatures and mild spells means potholes are even more likely to occur.
We're repairing thousands of potholes every month, with over 4,000 dealt with in December alone. And just on Wednesday we were in Grantham again for emergency repairs on New Beacon Road.
Dangerous defects are fixed as a matter of urgency, with other issues being prioritised and dealt with as resources allow. That way we can keep on top of things as best we can.
Our first choice is always a permanent fix, and we try to avoid temporary repairs as far as possible. However, in some circumstances, for example if extensive repairs are required or traffic management is needed to carry out the work safely, we will sometimes make a temporary repair to keep the road safe while the necessary arrangements are made.
Broadly speaking the timescale for a repair will depend on the severity of the pothole and the type of road it is located on.
Generally, if a pothole is considered a safety issue (which usually means it is 40mm or deeper) it will be dealt with within the following timescales:
A roads and busiest B roads - made safe within 24 hours and a repair arranged
B roads and busiest C roads - 7 days
C roads and unclassified roads - 28 days
But these timescales can be affected by other factors, e.g. bad weather, high traffic levels.
More minor potholes (less than 40mm deep) can take longer to repair. However, most should be dealt with within three months.
The council spends a total around £50m on highways maintenance each year. While this sounds like a lot of money, we have 5,500 miles of road to maintain and that funding will only go so far. It's for that reason that we are calling on the Government for fairer funding for Lincolnshire.
If councils here received the average funding for council areas in England, the region would benefit from £116 million of extra funding for services every year – some of which could be used towards highways repairs. This would make an enormous difference.
We have people out inspecting our highways regularly, but, with so many roads to maintain, it's impossible for our officers to be aware of every single issue at any one time.
So we actively encourage people to get in touch when they find a pothole or other defect.
To report a highways fault, visit www.lincolnshire.gov.uk/faultreporting or call 01522 782070.
Wigan head coach Shaun Wane was impressed with their side's attack after they put Salford to the sword.
The Warriors scored seven tries in their 40-12 victory, with their various playmakers impressing in a variety of positions.
Sam Tomkins started at fullback with Sam Powell partnering George Williams in the halves. However, when Morgan Escare was introduced from the bench, Tomkins went into the halves with Powell moving to hooker.
However, the Warriors never lost their fluency and were a constant threat on both edges throughout the match, with the left edge partnership of Oliver Gildart and Liam Marshall too good for the Red Devils.
It left Wane satisfied ahead of the club's trip to Australia.
“We did some good things,” they said.
“I liked how the spine worked, we had plenty of options. We did change it a lot and we looked comfortable with whoever we've put in there. We've practised that way, we've thrown people in and made things a bit odd in training to throw a bit of adversity at them but they've handled it really well.
One thing finishing the end of the season as badly as we did was it gave us some more time on the field and more reps.
“We looked energetic, we're not the biggest team but we played with some energy and ball movement and in the back-end of the game they couldn't cope with it.”
Wane added: “It's round one, we're all still hurting from last year so we won't get carried away and we will need to be better to beat Hull. But it was a good start.”
Trump gets nudge from First Lady to raise hand for National Anthem
Heat's Erik Spolestra talks about the 'special season'
1:07
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
(Inside Science) — Electronics small enough to fit inside cells may one day help scientists track individual cells and monitor their behavior in real time, a new study finds. These new devices could help analyze diseases from their origins in single cells, researchers said.
The new electronics are microscopic radio-frequency identification tags, which are essentially bar codes that can be read from a distance.
An RFID tag usually consists of an antenna connected to a microchip. A nearby reader known as a transceiver can emit electromagnetic signals at the tags, and the tags can respond with what data it has stored, such as its identity, when and where it was made, how to best store and handle it, and so on. Many RFID tags do not have batteries — instead, they rely on the energy in the signals from the transceivers.
These tags are already being used in many applications today, including key cards, toll passes, library books and many other items, but the typical RFID tags are millimeters to centimeters in size.
Related: How One Man's Mutant DNA May Help End the Deadly Opioid Crisis
The new microscopic tags in comparison are only 22 microns wide each, or roughly one-fifth the average diameter of a human hair, making them the smallest known RFID tags, the researchers said. They detailed their findings online July 26 in the journal Physical Review Applied.
The microscopic tags are each made of two metal layers — one made of a 5-nanometer-thick titanium and 200-nanometer-thick gold film, the other of a 1,000-nanometer-wide aluminum sheet — sandwiching a 16-nanometer-thick electrically insulating layer of hafnium dioxide.
Each tag is octagonal in shape. This is the closest the scientists can get to a circular shape, which is ideal for interacting with the magnetic fields from transceivers, said study lead author Jasmine Xiaolin Hu at Stanford University in California. Finally, the devices are fully encapsulated in silicon dioxide, the same material found in sand, to make them safe for biological applications.
Conventional RFID readers used to communicate with the tags have just one antenna. Instead, the researchers used two antennas, each roughly twice the tag's diameter. Doing so boosted the magnitude of the tag signals by more than tenfold, which can make the difference between detecting a moving tagged cell in a complex biological setting or losing track of the cell just a few microns away.
Although these new microscopic tags are still larger than many cells, they do "fit into a variety of cells of great interest," Hu said.
Related: Edited Embryos Mean U.S. Scientists Have Passed a Major Milestone
The researchers found that this includes mouse melanoma cells, human melanoma cells, human breast cancer cells, human colorectal cancer cells and healthy human connective tissue cells, they said.
The researchers soon plan to monitor tagged living cells flowing within microscopic silicone rubber channels from a range of a few microns. Future research can explore developing smaller tags and finding ways to keep track of them, Hu added.
"This is step one towards sending signals within the cell to the outside world without probing through or perturbing the cell membrane and risking damaging and destroying the cell in due process," said Stephen Wong, a bioengineer and systems biologist at the Houston Methodist Research Institute, who did not take part in this research. "It opens up a whole new world of live-cell studies." Sensors and other devices could get coupled with these microscopic tags "to measure and perform a variety of things," Hu said. "We will have a measure of control within a cell that has not been achieved before."
The ability to embed electronics into cells could help researchers understand and manipulate cell activities to an unprecedented degree. "Most disease processes start at a single- to few-cell level, but currently we have no technology to monitor a few cells inside the living body of a person," Hu said. "Tracking and monitoring single cells may enable the early detection of diseases and allow for the start of treatments as soon as possible so that treatments can be more successful."
For example, a pH sensor within a cell could help measure its acidity, "which indicates the healthiness of a cell," Wong said. "We can also measure glucose to measure a cell's metabolism, as well as many other molecules in cells."
Future research should also focus on extending the range at which the researchers can scan the tags, Wong said. "Currently, the wireless receiver has to be very close to the cells, which is not ideal," Wong said. "Still, what they've shown is a good step forward."
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Can We Use Sound Waves to Fight Cancer? 00:01:15
MIAMI — Brian Beard Jr. hit two 3-pointers in the final three seconds to give Florida International a come-from-behind 71-68 win over Louisiana Tech in a wild finish to a Conference USA battle on Saturday night.
Beard tied the game at 68-68 on a 3-pointer with 2.7 seconds left. Jy'lan Washington turned the ball over on ensuing in-bounds play, giving FIU the ball near mid-court. Beard caught the in-bounds mass near the jump circle, dribbled twice and launched a desperation shot that connected at the buzzer for the win.
Beard, who scored 23 points to spur the Panthers 76-70 win over Southern Miss Thursday, finished with 19 points and dished 10 assists. Eric Lockett scored 15 points and Trejon Jacob added another 12 for FIU (11-13, 5-6).
Amorie Archibald got the Bulldogs even with a free throw with 1:04 left and Washington and Oliver Powell each hit two from the line to put LaTech up, 68-65 with :10 left.
Jacobi Boykins had 13 points and Archibald added another 12 to lead Louisiana Tech (14-10, 5-6).
Image copyright AFP Image caption Patrice Edouard Ngaissona described themselves as the political co-ordinator of the anti-Balaka
A former militia leader from the Central African Republic (CAR) has been elected to the executive committee of African football's governing body.
Patrice Edouard Ngaissona was the self-declared political co-ordinator of the anti-Balaka militias.
In 2015 they were barred from running for CAR president because of their alleged role in atrocities, which they deny.
Mr Ngaissona was elected to the board of the Confederation of African Football (Caf) at a meeting in Morocco.
 They are also a former head of the CAR's football federation and briefly served as sports minister.
Mr Ngaissona has denied claims by human rights groups that they were involved in atrocities in the CAR.
"If the allegations were true, I wouldn't be here today," they told AFP news agency on Friday.
They said they didn't want to "mix politics and sport", adding: "Everything I've done has been for the good of my country."
Caf delegates, meeting in Casablanca, elected Mr Ngaissona to represent the Central Zone over their Gabonese rival, Pierre Alain Mounguengui.
Their candidacy was approved in January.
The CAR, a former French colony, was plunged into turmoil in 2013 when Muslim rebels from the Seleka group seized power in the majority Christian country.
A band of mostly Christian militias, called the anti-Balaka, rose up to counter the Seleka.
Dive in sooner rather than later to beat inflation
Savings account interest rates at big banks have been hovering around 0.09 percent (that's right 1/10th of 1 percent). Inflation — when the purchasing power of your money falls as prices for goods and services rise — is usually around 2 to 3 percent per year. That means that the value of your money is still decreasing over time. “Over longer periods of time, inflation is going to eat away at your buying power, so at the very least, you need to invest in a way that preserves that buying power,” says McBride. That doesn't mean you're out of options. “[Even if you're] very conservative [you] can still get more growth than a savings account and should be able to beat inflation,” says Eric Anderson, first vice president and financial advisor at RBC Wealth Management.
If you've got a shorter time horizon…
When it comes to “safer” investments, it's best to choose something where the principal amount of your investment is protected, says Jim Wang, founder of Wallet Hacks. One way to do that is by shopping around for a better savings or money market account than average. Although the average savings accounts are (as we noted) paying peanuts, the best are paying almost 20 times that much. You just have to search for them on a website like bankrate.com or gobankingrates.com. A certificate of deposit (CD) is another option to consider. CDs are savings certificates issued by a financial institution with fixed interest rates and maturity dates. Right now, you can find a 2-year CD paying around 2%. There is a penalty for "breaking a CD" or withdrawing the money before the agreed-upon date. But as long as you withdraw after the maturity date, you get to keep the principal investment and the interest you gained. Short-term government or corporate bonds are another conservative option. You're essentially providing a loan at a fixed interest rate, and the issuer is promising to pay back both the principal and the interest. As of the middle of March, 2-year Treasury bills were paying about 2.3% (Government bonds have tax-advantages as well.)
If you're willing to do a little leg work…
Finally, you may want to take a look at high interest rate checking accounts. No, they're not typical savings vehicles. But some of them pay significantly more. High yield checking accounts have account minimums, not maximums, because they don't want to pay these high interest rates on unlimited sums. They typically require you to pay one bill automatically out of the account or receive one payment by direct deposit into it — and they require you to use your debit card for purchase at least 10 times each month. (They make their money on swipe fees.) Right now, for example, Blue Credit Union is paying 4% on balances of up to $15,000. Keep close to that in the account for a year and you've netted $600. Magnify Money and Bankrate both maintain lists of some of the best paying high yield checking accounts; be sure to check them both, they have different listings.
With Hayden Field
GET MORE SIMPLE MONEY HACKS THAT'LL HELP YOU SAVE
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
From a new accent and Tardis to a full TEAM of companions, we're collecting all the info about the Thirteenth Doctor ahead of their first series in autumn 2018
The Thirteenth Doctor is in!
Advertisement
Following the announcement last year that Jodie Whittaker will play the first female incarnation of the Doctor in BBC sci-fi series Doctor Who, fans around the world have desperately scrabbled to learn anything at all about the mysterious new Time Lord taking over world-saving duties this year.
Details surrounding the new Doctor are scarce – for now – but now that Whittaker has finally taken over the Tardis keys from Peter Capaldi in the 2017 Christmas special, we've collected everything we DO know about our exciting Doctor 13.
This article will be updated regularly.
What will happen in Jodie Whittaker's first Doctor Who is a episode?
The plot of the Thirteenth Doctor's first adventure is currently unknown, but rumour has it the story is set in Sheffield and will presumably follow Whittaker's attempts to track down them lost Tardis while still adjusting to their new body. Plus, you know, there's that whole “certain death-by-falling” cliffhanger she's going to have to think their way out of.
Some fans do have a theory about what we could see happening in Whittaker's first episodes, which you can read about here but can be summed up simply as “she's stuck on Earth and can't find the Tardis”.
The Doctor will also probably meet their new companions Graham, Ryan and Yasmin (played by Bradley Walsh, Tosin Cole and Mandip Gill) during the first episode.
“When it's all put together in one series I hope it will blow the audience's minds as much as it blows mine when I read each new script,” Whittaker said in a recent interview.
“It's never going to feel like [other jobs], because it's this job and it's amazing. It's a world away from any part I've played before.”
How long will Jodie Whittaker's first series be?
It's been revealed that the new series will mark a slight change to Doctor Who's series format, with the recent trend for twelve 45-minute episodes per series scrapped in favour of ten 50-minute episodes (with the first of these extended to 60 minutes to fully introduce the new characters).
However, there are now some rumours that the series could be a little longer after an official advert for the series' merchandising arm suggested there'd be over 11 hours of new content this – as it stands, the above episode organisation would only add up to eight and a half hours.
Our theory? That number could include an as-yet-unannounced Christmas special, or behind-the-scenes videos in the style of Doctor Who Extra. You can read more about this intriguing detail here.
What will happen in the new Doctor Who is a series?
At the moment the BBC is keeping its cards close to its chest, but we can assume the series will show the Doctor adjusting to their new form and personality, before jetting off for more adventures in time and space with their Tardis team.
According to rumours and set photos, one story will be set in segregation-era America and deal with the true story of Civil Rights icon Rosa Parks, while another will be set in the 17th century and centre on themes of witchcraft (probably including guest star Alan Cumming, below, as Stuart King James I).
Supposedly the new series will have a fairly even split between episodes set in the past, episodes set in the future and episodes on present-day Earth, with various storylines centring on Whittaker's companions' home town of Sheffield.
What will the new Doctor wear?
There's no sign of Peter Capaldi's sonic glasses, but the new Time Lord's recently-revealed outfit includes deep blue trousers and socks, light brown braces and a black shirt with yellow, green and red stripes. And to top it off, the costume comes with a swish large grey-blue coat, with the same coloured stripe pattern on its edges. And check out that earring! We can spot stars and a possible handshake symbol in there – how about you?
A far cry from the black hoody seen in Whittaker's announcement video, their overall outfit is a typically colourful and eccentric look for the Doctor – and it's chock-full of references and callbacks to previous Doctors, as we explain in more detail here.
For their first episode, though, we expect Whittaker will be stuck wearing Capaldi's old suit for a while, as has become the tradition in recent years.
“Ray [Holman] and myself designed the costume from scratch,” Whittaker told Doctor Who is a Magazine in a new interview.
“We're old friends, because we did five years of Broadchurch together, and it's an incredibly collaborative relationship, really creative.
“He was able to take a sometimes bizarre explanation from me and then offer up exactly what I was trying to articulate. I'd have an idea and then he'd take it to the next level. My acorn of an idea would turn into an oak tree as soon as Ray got hold of it.
“For me, none of it is [high-street available],” they added.
“I did try on a T-shirt that was off the peg and I really liked it, but there were elements of it that didn't quite work. It kind of went through so many forms in Ray's workshop – they cut it to the right shape and put the print on the front.”
What's the Thirteenth Doctor like?
Each incarnation of the Doctor from William Hartnell to the present day has had their own unique personality and quirks, while still maintaining the core nature of the character – and while we haven't seen much of Whittaker in action, their character's reaction to their new gender in their regeneration scene gives us a brief flavour.
Catching sight of themselves in a reflective surface, the Thirteenth Doctor exclaims “Oh, brilliant!” – a far cry from the melancholy exit for Peter Capaldi's Twelfth Doctor, and perhaps a suggestion of this new Doctor's more positive outlook.
“In such a tiny moment, she's given us the Doctor we've always known, but in, to say the least, a new way,” ex-showrunner Steven Moffat said of the actor's first scene in the role. “We are in for a very exciting run.”
What does Jodie Whittaker's Doctor sound like?
She's Northern! Fans had long hoped that the new Doctor would keep Whittaker's native Yorkshire accent, with a whopping 85% of RadioTimes.com readers believing Doctor 13 should hail from the UK's upper regions, and their hopes were fulfilled in their first scene.
“You'll spend more time in that first episode reacting to their accent than their gender,” Moffat told SFX magazine. “It'll be, ‘Oh, what a big fuss… oh, she's funny, isn't she?… Yorkshire? Why's they got a Yorkshire accent?' That's going to be it.”
“There have been various dialects, and I knew coming into it that there wasn't a rule that you had to speak a certain way,” Whittaker added. “I auditioned in my accent, and at no point did anyone say to do anything different. In fact they said, ‘Use your own voice.'”
Lots of planets have a North, after all.
What happens in Jodie Whittaker's regeneration scene?
Well, you can watch it again above, but if you don't fancy that here's a quick summary: Following their regeneration into a new female form, the Doctor barely has a chance to catch their breath before the Tardis has a critical failure, throwing them out of the doors as the console room explodes following damage sustained by the regeneration energy.
Plummeting to Earth, the Doctor can only look on as their burning Tardis disappears, their last hope of a soft landing literally going up in smoke…
Will Jodie Whittaker get a new Tardis?
Included in Jodie Whittaker's costume reveal was the new design for the exterior of the Tardis, with the Doctor's time-travelling Police Box getting a bit of a makeover including a new sign (white on black, in keeping with some designs of the Tardis from the 1970s), new handles and a new paint job. To see a more in-depth look at all the changes, you can read our breakdown here.
Matt Smith introducing the 2012-2017 version of the Tardis interior
And given these exterior changes, it stands to reason that a new Tardis interior set is incoming as well, especially given that the Christmas special ends with the console room being completely destroyed in a series of explosions. Hopefully we'll have some more details on this soon.
Who is Jodie Whittaker's new companions?
Meet the 13th Doctor's new friends! Yasmin (Mandip Gill), Ryan (Tosin Cole), and Graham (Bradley Walsh) #DoctorWho pic.twitter.com/6l9iVkvu0d — Doctor Who is a Official (@bbcdoctorwho) October 22, 2017
Jodie Whittaker's Doctor will have a lot of new faces joining them on their new adventures when they take over the Tardis, with long-rumoured companion Bradley Walsh joining the cast of Doctor Who in the role of Graham and newcomers Tosin Cole and Mandip Gill also enlisting in the Tardis crew as Ryan and Yasmin. Sharon D Clarke has also joined the series in a “returning role”.
“The new Doctor is going to need new friends,” showrunner Chris Chibnall said in a statement. We're thrilled to welcome Mandip, Tosin and Bradley to the Doctor Who family. They're three of Britain's brightest talents and we can't wait to see them dive into brand-new adventures with Jodie's Doctor. Alongside them, we're delighted that Sharon D Clarke is also joining the show.”
Jodie Whittaker said: “I am so excited to share this huge adventure with Mandip, Tosin and Bradley. It's a dream team!”
Bradley Walsh added: “I remember watching William Hartnell as the first Doctor. Black and white made it very scary for a youngster like myself. I was petrified but even though I'd watch most of it from behind the sofa through my fingers, I became a fan. I then queued up for ages to get into the Carlton picture house in Watford to watch the great Peter Cushing appear as the Doctor in a full length feature film made in glorious colour. Am I thrilled to be part of this whole groundbreaking new dawn for the Doctor?? Oh yes!”
Mandip Gill said: “I am over the moon to be joining the Doctor Who family. This is an iconic show with an amazing fanbase and I look forward to everything that brings. Certain roles seem unattainable and this is one of those, so much so I didn't believe it to be true for the first few weeks. To be working alongside the likes of Jodie, Bradley and my old friend Tosin is thrilling. This show is worlds away from the work I've done previously and that's the part that excites me the most.”
Tosin Cole said: “I'm grateful and excited to be a part of this journey with the team. I'm looking forward to jumping in this Doctor Who is a universe.”
What other actors will star with Jodie Whittaker?
While the BBC has remained tight-lipped about any upcoming guest stars, Alan Cumming recently revealed that he'd be playing James I in an upcoming episode, which is rumoured to involve a witchcraft storyline.
Would I Lie to You star and comedian Lee Mack also recently revealed that they have a small part in the new series, after lobbying Head Writer Chris Chibnall for a cameo.
When will Jodie Whittaker's first full series of Doctor Who be on TV?
Whittaker will have to wait a while before beginning time-spanning adventures in earnest, as it has been revealed their first full series won't air until autumn 2018 (almost certainly some time in October, though there's no official word yet).
Still, we're sure it will be well worth the wait. And in the meantime we have so much still to learn about her…
Advertisement
Doctor Who returns to BBC1 in Autumn 2018
Nigeria steps-up in global aviation safety rating
The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) on Monday said Nigeria had attained another high level of safety rating which had placed it amongst the world leaders in aviation safety.
The NCAA disclosed this in a statement signed by its General Manager, Public Relations, Mr Sam Adurogboye, and made available to newsmen in Lagos.
The statement said the country had climbed to Level 3 State Safety Programme (SSP) Implementation Process, and be on the same rating with the United States of America, United Kingdom and other countries in this echelon.
“This categorisation is dependent on the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), who tracks the SSP implementation process of member-states via its Integrated Safety Trend Analysis and Reporting System (iSTARS).
“Member states in tandem, therefore, deploy this platform to undertake Gap Analysis, define their action plans and benchmark their progress.
“Only two member states-Australia and Sri Lanka- have achieved full implementation of the SSP according to ICAO records. Nigeria is striving to achieve Level 4 which will be 100 per cent by the end 0f 2017,” it said.
According to the statement, the SSP process is inaugurated in member countries in compliance with the ICAO requirements as contained in Annex 19 on Safety Management.
The statement said that Nigeria's advanced level had put its SSP implementation process amongst states that had defined an action plan for all non-implemented Gap questions.
It said that Nigeria had completed its Gap Analysis, implemented 43.6 per cent of the required SSP tasks.
The statement said : “ In addition, the country has developed a detailed action plan for the accomplishment of the outstanding tasks with an established and approved timeline.
“In pursuant to the above, Nigeria has commenced the implementation of the SSP processes and has achieved several milestones.
“These include the completion of the SSP Gap Analysis and the establishment of the Implementation Plan approved by the Director-General (DG) of NCAA.
“Other completed SSP tasks are the official authorisation of the D-G of NCAA as the Accountable Executive of the SSP and the designation of the NCAA as the Placeholder Organisation of the SSP in Nigeria by the Minister of State (Aviation), Sen. Hadi Sirika.”
It said the approval and publication of the State Safety Policy Statement, the Enforcement Policy in an SSP-SMS environment including Nigeria's Voluntary and Confidential Reporting System etc, were among the tasks that had been concluded.
According to the statement, the ICAO Aviation Safety Plan (GASP) has recognised the relevance of establishing and maintaining fundamental safety oversight systems as a prerequisite to the full implementation of an SSP.
The statement said: “Member – states with robust safety oversight system have been called upon to progress towards full implementation of SSP.
“An SSP is an integrated set of regulations and activities aimed at improving aviation safety which will be monitored through Universal Safety Oversight Audit Programme (USOAP) Continuous Monitoring Approach (CMA) after such a state has achieved an Effective Implementation (EI) of over 60 per cent.
“It is required that states that have achieved EI levels of over 60 per cent should endeavour to fully implement SSP by 2019.
“Nigeria achieved an EI Level of 67.36 per cent during the immediate past ICAO USOAP Audit in March 2016 which is above world average of 63.54 per cent. ”
It noted that with this achievement, the NCAA would continue to ensure that air transportation in Nigeria was seamless, safe and secure at all times.
It, therefore, urged airline operators to take advantage of the robust regulation and adhere to all safety regulations as contained in the Nigeria Civil Aviation Regulations (Nig.CARs).
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Video
Hundreds of flies have invaded people's homes, disrupting their lives.
Carmarthenshire council said health officials are trying to work out why there is such an issue.
Rachel Dyer, who lives in the area, said the infestation is affecting people's health.
TOKYO – Every time North Korea does something provocative – which is often – Washington insists that Pyongyang must give up its nuclear weapons program.
Just last weekend, days after North Korea launched its most high-tech intercontinental ballistic missile yet, national security adviser H.R. McMaster said that President Donald Trump “is committed to the total denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.”
Not that this line is confined to the Trump administration. The Obama and Bush administrations before it also repeatedly insisted that North Korea must denuclearize.
That might have been a realistic aim before Pyongyang could build a hydrogen bomb and missiles that can reach the United States. It's just a matter of time before the North Koreans can put the two together – if they can't already.
The Trump administration won't admit it, but North Korea is now a nuclear weapons power, analysts say. Why would Kim Jong-un's cash-strapped regime spend so much time and money on building these weapons only to give them up? And even if they were prepared to bargain them away eventually, why would they do so now, when Trump and their top aides are threatening military action?
“We've seen no indication in recent years that they are interested in denuclearization,” said Mira Rapp-Hooper, a North Korea expert at Yale Law School who was an Asia adviser to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. “So it's difficult to rationalize how we are still so fixated on it.”
Vipin Narang, a nuclear nonproliferation specialist at MIT, agreed.
“It's a fantasy that they're going to willingly give up their nuclear programs so long as Kim is in power. They saw the fate of Saddam and Gaddafi – why would they give up their nuclear weapons?” asked Narang, referring to the former leaders of Iraq and Libya, both of whom are now deposed and dead.
Trump's willingness to pull out of the international nuclear deal with Iran would only heighten North Korea's mistrust of a negotiated denuclearization agreement with the United States, they said.
For three generations, since the current leader's grandfather, Kim Il Sung, was in power, North Korea has pursued nuclear weapons as a way to deter the United States and ensure the regime's survival.
Pyongyang's perceived need for a powerful deterrent has only increased since Kim Jong-un took power six years ago this month. Young and inexperienced – they were 27 when they succeeded their father and had no military background – the third Kim has aggressively pursued nuclear weapons as a way to fend off outside threats and bolster their legitimacy inside North Korea.
“The only way you can convince them to denuclearize is to make nuclear armament costly enough to destabilize the regime,” said Chun Yung-woo, a former South Korean nuclear negotiator with the North. “To do that would require a total economic blockade to suffocate the regime.”
Since coming to power, Kim has ordered four nuclear tests, including the September detonation of what their regime claimed – and outside experts generally agree – was a hydrogen bomb. At the same time, they have presided over astonishing improvements in North Korea's ballistic missile program, culminating last month with the launch of a missile that puts all of the United States technically within their reach.
Their regime has made these advances despite increasingly tight international sanctions aimed at cutting off its access to funding and parts, and despite increasingly vehement warnings from its traditional patron, China.
In both public and private meetings in Europe this year, North Korean representatives have repeatedly insisted on being accepted as a nuclear-armed state.
Choe Son Hui, the director of U.S. affairs in North Korea's Foreign Ministry, said recently that Washington will “have to put up” with the fact that their country now has nuclear weapons. “This is a matter of life and death for us,” they said at anonproliferation conference in Moscow in October.
Acknowledging that North Korea has nuclear weapons is a step that the Trump administration – like Obama's before it – has been unwilling to take. “We don't want to admit that our policy has failed for successive presidents,” Narang said.
Both administrations have urged China to use its leverage over North Korea. While Beijing says that denuclearization is its fundamental objective, it takes a much longer view of the process.
“From Beijing's perspective, it is unrealistic to expect an immediate denuclearization of North Korea – especially since the world has so far proved unable to even prevent the North's present capabilities from growing,” Tong Zhao, a fellow at the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center for Global Policy, wrote before Trump's visit to Beijing last month.
In Washington, however, there is a growing sense that time is not on the United States' side.
CIA Director Mike Pompeo said in October that North Korea was only a matter of months away from perfecting its nuclear weapons program.
“They are close enough now in their capabilities that from a U.S. policy perspective, we ought to behave as if we are on the cusp of them achieving that objective,” they said at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, a conservative think tank.
“There are ways to address this problem short of armed conflict,” McMaster, the national security adviser, said Saturday, “but it is a race because he's getting closer and closer, and there's not much time left.”
Trump and McMaster have repeatedly said that military options are on the table, a message that North Korea takes especially seriously when U.S. fighter jets are practicing precision strikes on the Korean Peninsula.
This is coupled with frequent assertions that Kim is an irrational madman – a “sick puppy,” as Trump most recently put it – who can't be deterred in the way that the U.S. military deterred their father and grandfather.
“There are a lot of people who argue that there's still a window to stop North Korea from getting an ICBM with a nuclear warhead to use against the United States,” said Narang, referring to an intercontinental ballistic missile. “They're telling themselves that if they strike now, worst-case scenario: Only Japan and South Korea will eat a nuclear weapon.”
Image copyright Google
Millicent Fawcett campaigned for women's right to vote, and now they have a statue in Parliament Square memorialising them and their achievements. But the suffragist's sisters in stone are more likely to be nymphs than intellectuals.
The Public Monuments and Sculpture Association (PMSA) is a volunteer-run charity which has been recording public sculpture across the UK for three decades, although its database is not an exhaustive list of every statue in the country.
Of the 828 statues it recorded, 174 of them were female - around one in five.
But that doesn't tell the whole story.
Looking just at named women rather than nameless female figures whittles the figure down to 80.
In contrast, out of 534 statues of men, 422 of them are named.
Taking Headless Woman (Nymph), Woman Taking off Dress or any of four caryatids out of the equation, even among the 80 female figures with names 15 are allegorical, mythical or otherwise fictional.
Fictional women
And 38 of them are royal. Queen Victoria is the woman most commonly memorialised.
In total, there were 66 allegorical or fictional female statues compared with 16 fictional males.
And these fictional men were more likely to be soldiers on war memorials while many female figures were nudes and nymphs.
There were 65 male politicians recorded by the PMSA in public spaces around the UK, and zero female politicians.
Movement in the right direction?
There were other statuary depictions of women alongside men, but almost all of them are allegorical or generic images, rather than honouring a specific woman for their achievements.
As the new statue of Millicent Fawcett suggests, there is some movement in the right direction.
A PMSA spokesperson said: "It is worth taking account of the fact that over the past couple of years, there have been significantly more statues of women created, many of which do not yet feature in our database.
"There are currently over 300 statues and memorials in Westminster. In 2005, there were 163 figurative sculptures in central London, which is likely to be closer to 300 now."
The charity plans to produce an accurate statistic for the actual number of statues of women in the UK by 2020.
Another way of honouring the contribution made by individuals to society is English Heritage's London Blue Plaques Scheme.
That also shows a gender imbalance with just 127 of the 931 plaques honouring women.
Since the scheme is based on public nominations, there is a greater opportunity to influence who gets rewarded and the charity has been keen to do this.
In 2016, English Heritage launched an appeal calling for more nominations of notable women from history. They note that since then, women have made up just over 50% of the blue plaques shortlisted by the panel.
Image copyright Reuters
Read more from Reality Check
Send us your questions
Follow us on Twitter
The Trump administration has taken direct aim at birth control coverage for more than 360,000 Oregon women, eliminating the guarantee they had for coverage for birth control regardless of who they work for. This morning they announced a sweeping new rule to eliminate the Affordable Care Act's requirement that all insurance plans must cover birth control without a copay or otherwise ensure access to birth control coverage for women whose employers or schools can legally opt out of providing coverage.
Statement from Lisa Gardner, President & CEO, Planned Parenthood of Southwestern Oregon:
“Oregonians reject this unacceptable attack on basic health care that the vast majority of women rely on. We are so grateful that Governor Kate Brown recently signed the Reproductive Health Equity Act, which protects no-cost coverage for contraception in Oregon statute. We will do everything in our power to enforce this landmark law and to stop Donald Trump from rolling back the progress women have made over the past century.”
Statement from Cecile Richards, President, Planned Parenthood Federation of America:
“With this rule in place, any employer could decide that their employees no longer have health insurance coverage for birth control. We're talking about a fundamental right – to be able to decide whether and when you want to have children.
“Birth control is not controversial – it's health care the vast majority of women will use in the course of their lifetime. Two million women rely on Planned Parenthood health centers each year for birth control. Nine out of 10 women of reproductive age will use birth control in their lifetime. This administration is carrying out a full-scale attack on birth control – eliminating insurance coverage for birth control, eliminating programs that help women with low incomes access birth control and moving to prohibit healthcare providers from even giving women information about birth control or abortion.”
The Affordable Care Act includes a provision that includes birth control as preventive health care – requiring health insurance plans cover birth control without a copay. The Obama administration later worked out an accommodation allowing religious-affiliated employers and schools to refuse to cover birth control on religious grounds, while ensuring their employees would still have health coverage provided directly by the health insurance company.
The rule proposed by the Trump administration today would change that, allowing any employer (nonprofit, small business, large corporation, private or publicly held), school or other entity to opt out of providing contraceptive coverage for religious or moral reasons – a standard unprecedented in its vagueness. It also eliminates the guarantee that women will continue to receive coverage for birth control regardless of their employer's beliefs by making the accommodation voluntary.
The rule is peppered with anti-contraception language, making its real purpose clear. For example, the rule rejects the notion that there is a connection between coverage for birth control and reducing unintended pregnancy.
The rule will go into effect immediately, with a comment period ending on December 5.
Stories under the Almanack's Editorial Staff byline come from press releases and other notices. To have your news noticed here at the Almanack contact our editor John Warren at adkalmanack@gmail.com.
→
MIDLAND CITY, Ala. — On the eve of this state's special Senate election, Republican Roy Moore returned from a six-day campaign hiatus on Monday to attack the women who have accused them of sexual misconduct.
Speaking in a barn-style event center here in "The Wiregrass," the rural and heavily conservative southern tier of the state, Moore portrayed the multiple women as attention-seekers who, they said, "had not come forward" for 40 years but "waited until 30 days before this general election to come forward."
And they asked voters to judge their record against their claims.
"If you don't believe in my character," they said, "don't vote for me."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cory Booker: Roy Moore won't be accepted in the Senate 4:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Earlier in the evening, Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, had put a finer point on the line of argument.
"If you wait too long to tell people, our judicial system says, 'Probably not true,'" Gohmert told the crowd before employing the Biblical story of Jezebel — whose false accusations led to a man's execution and who is often referred to as a prostitute — to underscore their point.
The allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers, have turned what should have been an easy victory for Republicans into a competitive race, and they have made Alabama a focal point for political observers across the country.
Many national Republicans, afraid that a Moore victory could damage their brand heading into next year's mid-term elections and beyond, rescinded their support for them weeks ago. But their base has stuck with him, as have President Donald Trump and Steve Bannon, the Breitbart News executive and former White House chief strategist.
Bannon spoke here Monday night before Moore, calling out four establishment Republicans for criticizing Moore: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell; Alabama Republican Sen. Richard Shelby; former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice; and Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker.
"There's a special place in hell for people who should know better," Bannon said. "They're trying to shut you up."
Former White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon speaks during a campaign rally for Republican candidate for U.S. Senate Judge Roy Moore on December 11, 2017 in Midland City, Alabama. Jonathan Bachman / Reuters
Their remarks about Republicans were harsher than their criticism of Moore's opponent, Democrat Doug Jones.
But it was Moore's return to the campaign trail for a last-minute pitch to the faithful here that electrified the crowd. After Bannon spoke, they entered the room to Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Sweet Home Alabama," with their wife, Kayla, at theirs side.
Kayla Moore sought to assure voters that their husband doesn't have anything against women, African Americans or Jewish people — noting that they are president of their husband's foundation, that they appointed the first black marshal at the Alabama Supreme Court, and that "one of our attorneys is a Jew."
When they took the microphone, Moore appealed to their base of white evangelical Christian voters by casting themselves as a man beset by forces who don't share their religion.
"My opposition has always been about my acknowledgment of God," they said.
Similarly, Bannon had invoked God in a set of remarks that largely sought to demonstrate the importance of religious Republicans sending Moore to Washington to help implement Trump's agenda.
Trump's victory, they said, was delivered "by the hand of divine providence."
Trump won Midland City's Dale County with 74 percent of the vote in the 2016 presidential election, and the 46 percent of the GOP primary electorate they took in this county was more than twice the share that went for second-place finisher Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas.
Enter to win a pair of tickets to the Sunday, September 24th Grand Tasting at the Newport Mansions Wine & Food Festival in beautiful Newport, Rhode Island
Enjoy a day filled with hundreds of fabulous wines from around the world, exquisite food from local, regional and national chefs & artisanal food purveyors, and much more!
For more information log on to newportmansions.org
The Department of Environmental Conservation (DEC) has announced that approximately $200,000 in grant funding is available to municipalities and not-for-profit organizations to implement the Mohawk River Basin Action Agenda. The funding is provided by the state's Environmental Protection Fund (EPF) and administered under DEC's Mohawk River Watershed Grants Program.
To be eligible for this funding opportunity, proposed projects must be located within the Mohawk River watershed (which includes portions of the Adirondack Park in the towns of Russia, Norway, Salisbury, Stratford, Caroga, Bleecker, Arietta, Morehouse and Ohio), as well as further the objectives of the Mohawk River Basin Action Agenda.
These grants are expected to help local partners fund projects designed to preserve and protect the Mohawk River watershed and further advance economic and environmental importance of investing in protecting waterways. Grant awards ranging from $15,000 to $50,000 are available, and all projects are expected to have defined measurable outcomes or deliverables that can be completed and invoiced within two years of contract approval.
Examples of eligible projects include restoration of aquatic habitats, installation of green infrastructure projects to address stormwater runoff, right-sizing of culverts, restoration of natural stream conditions, and development of environmental education programs.
Round Four of the Mohawk River Watershed Grant Request for Applications is available online through the New York State Grants Gateway. The Grants Gateway is an online grants management system that streamlines the way grants are administered by New York State. A
ll grant applicants, including governmental entities and not-for-profit organizations, must be registered in the Grants Gateway to be eligible to apply for any state grant opportunity. Not-for-profit applicants are required to “prequalify” in the Grants Gateway system. Registration and prequalification forms are available online.
All grant applications must be submitted online through the Grants Gateway no later than 3 pm on Wednesday, May 24, 2017. DEC's Mohawk River Basin Program and the Mohawk River Basin Action Agenda were developed to bring together various local, state, and federal agencies and other interested organizations that share a passion for the conservation and preservation of the Mohawk River, its watershed, and communities.
Located wholly within the boundaries of New York State, the Mohawk River is the largest tributary to the Hudson River and encompasses 14 counties and 172 municipalities. DEC's Mohawk River Basin Program acts as the coordinator of watershed-wide activities, bringing together stakeholders and creating partnerships with established and emerging programs and organizations throughout the watershed to provide a framework for watershed-wide collaboration in order to conserve, preserve and restore the environmental quality of the Mohawk River and its watershed.
For more information on the Mohawk River Basin Action Agenda Grants and funding opportunities through the Mohawk River Basin Program, visit DEC's website.
Photo: Mohawk River Watershed Areas in the Adirondack Park (courtesy Adirondack Atlas).
Developer Kevin Young in front of a tiny house at their tiny house development in northwest Charlotte. Diedra Laird TNS
A MAN described as the “main protagonist” in a series of violent incidents in a suburban housing estate has received a suspended prison sentence.
Thomas McNamara, aged 29, who has an address at the Paddocks, Westbury pleaded guilty to several charges, including affray and assault, relating to a disturbance in Westbury on March 17, 2015.
During a sentencing hearing, Detective Garda Keith Harmon said there was an “exchange of views” between the defendant and another man – Brandon Wallace – over comments which had been posted on Facebook.
While there was a ‘handshake' at a local pub, Mr McNamara arrived at Wallace's home some time later in the evening.
They were armed with a screwdriver and when Brandon's father, Brendan Wallace, confronted them they sustained stab wounds.
They were then followed by members of the Wallace family who attacked them as they attempted to seek refuge in the porch of another house.
Believing that their son was being attacked, an occupant of that house discharged two shots from their legally-held shotgun at the Wallaces as they drive off.
It was accepted by Detective Garda Harmon that Mr McNamara was the “author of their own misfortune” and that they had cooperated with gardai “100%”.
Andrew Sexton SC said their client was “out of it” on the night and that there was a “high degree of alcohol involved”. They added Mr McNamara, who moved out of Corbally following the incident, is a hard worker who has not been in trouble since.
Imposing a 12-month suspended prison sentence, Judge Tom O'Donnell said it was a “classic case of two serious wrongs don't make a right”.
An Arkansas judge will be barred from ruling on death penalty cases and could be disciplined after they attended two death penalty protests on Friday — the same day that they blocked a spate of executions scheduled by the state.
On Monday, the Arkansas Supreme Court reassigned all of the death penalty cases that Pulaski County Circuit Court Judge Wendell Griffen would have overseen — following reports and photos of them strapping themselves to a cot in front of the governor's mansion on Good Friday in a protest of the state's lethal injection policy.
"Judge Wendell Griffen is referred to the Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission to consider whether they have violated the Code of Judicial Conduct," the order states.
But it wasn't immediately clear how they could affect Griffen's Friday decision to place a temporary restraining order on one of the key drugs in the state's lethal injection protocol, although the plaintiff in the case had sought a dismissal.
Judge Wendell Griffen portrays a prisoner on a gurney during a protest against executions in front of the governor's mansion in Little Rock, Ark. on April 14, 2017. Mitchell McCoy / KARK
"This court instructs the Sixth Judicial District to submit a new administrative plan to this court for approval by close of business on Tuesday, April 18, 2017 that reflects the permanent reassignment of all cases referenced above, future cases involving this subject matter, and any other changes in case assignment to ensure all litigants in this district receive a fair and impartial tribunal,"
Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge filed a 17-page emergency petition on Saturday that challenged Griffen's order based upon their activism, noting their attendance at two anti-death penalty rallies.
"Within an hour of granting the [temporary restraining order], Judge Griffen was photographed at a second anti-death penalty rally — this one at the Governor's Mansion, where Judge Griffen lay strapped down on a cot to simulate the experience of a condemned prisoner on a gurney," the petition said.
They also noted a few entries on the judge's personal blog that discussed the case and showed their strong disapproval for capital punishment.
If Javascript is disabled browser, to place orders please visit the page where I sell my photos, powered by Fotomoto.
see also Toronto van suspect booked on murder charges The Toronto man accused of driving a rented van through...
The cop who refused to shoot accused Toronto killer Alek Minassian — even as the suspected shouted, “Kill me!” during the pair's tense standoff — is being hailed as a hero for capturing the driver alive.
Dramatic video footage taken by a bystander showed the unidentified police officer in a standoff with Minassian, 25, in the middle of a street Monday, moments after the suspect allegedly fatally mowed down 10 pedestrians.
Minassian was pointing a dark object at the officer and telling them “Kill me!” and “Shoot me in the head!”
The suspect told them they had a gun in their pocket, but the officer replied, “I don't care, get down!”
The officer then quickly walked toward Minassian, who dropped what they were holding and raised both hands, allowing themselves to be handcuffed.
“The officer did a fantastic job with respect to utilizing their ability of understanding the circumstance and environment and having a peaceful resolution at the end of the day,” said Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders, according to The Globe and Mail.
Toronto Police Association President Mike McCormak said the “hero” cop is humble and easygoing, though “shaken” — not by the arrest, but by the carnage preceding it.
“He said, ‘Mike, I just did my job. What I did was no big deal. But look at these poor people,' ” McCormak recalled.
Gary Clement, a retired Royal Canadian Mounted Police superintendent with 34 years of policing experience, said it was quite clear Minassian was looking to commit “suicide by cop.”
“I would say this individual met the right police officer,” Clement told Reuters. “Nobody knows how they're going to react. In this situation, a lot of it comes down to muscle memory. This [officer] reacted in a very mature manner.”
Some on social media also praised the officer's restraint.
“Takes a special kind of human to remain as calm as that cop did when taking down the suspect yesterday in Toronto,” tweeted Stu Schwartz.
Others noted the cop's actions in comparison to those of US police, who have been accused of being too quick to pull the trigger in similar situations.
“Here is the Canadian police officer arresting the suspect in the Toronto attack in North York today — their restraint is nothing short of amazing… now imagine if they were in America,” tweeted Amee Vanderpool.
“This is how you serve and protect. Using your gun is the last resort,” wrote Allegra Shaw.
“This was unbelievable — we should send our cops to Toronto for training,” suggested user @notanicegirl1.
Change text size for the story
Randy Hope, Chatham-Kent's longest serving mayor, will be seeking re-election in the upcoming municipal vote.
Hope, who has held the position as Chatham-Kent's top elected official since 2006, filed their nomination papers Tuesday.
“I believe my track record and experience make me an excellent candidate for re-election,” they said in a tweet.
The municipal election is Oct. 22.
Alysson Storey, as well as Coun. Darrin Canniff are also seeking the mayor's position.
Mayoral, council and school trustee nominations are being accepted until Friday, July 27 at 2 p.m.
The 30th Salt Homemakers Show set for Thursday at the Patriot Center at Southern State Community College in Hillsboro will feature recipes on a wide range of dishes.
Tina Howser and Becky Malott from Kroger will show attendees how to make Zucchini stuffed with Ricotta (zucchini ripiene con ricotta).
Edward Ross from Walmart will demonstrate how to whip up Chicken Paprikash.
Genevieve Fite from Lowe's will offer instructions on how to make Mom's Carrot Cake.
Also on hand will be entertainer Herb Day, who will perform musical selections.
Doors open at 4 p.m. Thursday for guests to enjoy food and snacks and visit the many vendors who will be on hand. The show, hosted by Sharon Hughes from The Times-Gazette and Leslie Ramsey from WVNU, begins at 6 p.m.
The event also serves as a “food-raiser” for the Highland County Homeless Shelter. Those who bring five non-perishable food items get one door prize ticket, and those who bring 10 items get three tickets. As many as 100 door prizes are typically awarded.
Among the sponsors and vendors Thursday are Merchants National Bank, Walgreens, Highland District Hospital, Jewelry by Cindi, Kroger, Lowe's, the Highland County Senior Citizens Center, WVNU, Highland County Travel and Tourism, Avon, Color Start, Adena, Croswell Tours, Ancient Valley Coffee, Acute Family Care, Color Street, The Laurels, 31 bags and Totes, Paparazzi Jewelry, Bon Appétit Gourmet Shoppe and Gifts and Country Manor Mixes.
Tickets for the Homemakers Show are $7 each and are available at the offices of The Times-Gazette, 108 Gov. Trimble Place, Hillsboro, or by calling 937-393-3456.
Highland County Sheriff Donnie Barrera, left, is shown distributing free door prize tickets to guests as they arrive at a previous Salt Homemakers Show. Guests who bring five non-perishable food items Thursday for the Highland County Homeless Shelter get one door prize ticket, and those who bring 10 items get three tickets. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/04/web1_Donnie-HM-2016.jpg Highland County Sheriff Donnie Barrera, left, is shown distributing free door prize tickets to guests as they arrive at a previous Salt Homemakers Show. Guests who bring five non-perishable food items Thursday for the Highland County Homeless Shelter get one door prize ticket, and those who bring 10 items get three tickets. Becky Malott, left, and Tina Howser from Kroger will show attendees how to make Zucchini stuffed with Ricotta (zucchini ripiene con ricotta). http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/04/web1_Kroger-Tina-Howser-right-Becky-Malott-left.jpg Becky Malott, left, and Tina Howser from Kroger will show attendees how to make Zucchini stuffed with Ricotta (zucchini ripiene con ricotta). Edward Ross from Walmart will demonstrate how to whip up Chicken Paprikash. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/04/web1_Walmart-Edward-Ross.jpg Edward Ross from Walmart will demonstrate how to whip up Chicken Paprikash. Genevieve Fite from Lowe's will offer instructions on how to make Mom's Carrot Cake. http://www.timesgazette.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/33/2018/04/web1_Lowes-Gen-Fite.jpg Genevieve Fite from Lowe's will offer instructions on how to make Mom's Carrot Cake.
Recipes, music, fun at SSCC Patriot Center
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
FILE - In this July 7, 2016 file photo Jessica Mann, left, gives change to a customer following a recreational marijuana purchase at Cannabis City, in Seattle. Officials in states like Oregon where marijuana is legal are trying to curtail smuggling of pot to other states. Meanwhile, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is pushing for a more aggressive approach in these states, noting the drug is being diverted to other states. Ted S. Warren, File AP Photo
Image copyright EPA Image caption The Afghan army has suffered mounting casualties
The Taliban have held secret meetings with Afghan officials to discuss a ceasefire, according to the US military.
The US commander in Afghanistan, General John Nicholson, said the talks also involved foreign governments and international organisations.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani proposed negotiations in February, an offer the Taliban did not respond to at the time.
Since then violence has continued with mounting casualties on both sides.
On Wednesday, the militants launched an attack on the interior ministry in Kabul, demonstrating their ability to carry out strikes in the capital.
The insurgents also claimed responsibility for another attack on a police station, in the capital of Logar province.
Image copyright EPA Image caption President Ashraf Ghani wants a ceasefire
The US, meanwhile, confirmed strikes against the insurgents in Helmand province with "more than 50 casualties".
Comparing the situation to Colombia - where a 50-year civil war led to a peace treaty - General Nicholson said violence and progress could coexist.
They would not identify the figures involved in the negotiations, except to say that they included mid- and senior-level Taliban officials.
In the February offer of talks, Mr Ghani said the Taliban could be recognised as a political party if they accepted a ceasefire and recognised the country's constitution.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Cleaning up in Kabul - the capital keeps getting hit by attacks
Taliban insurgents control more territory in the country than at any time since foreign combat troops left in 2014, BBC research published in January showed.
It is estimated that about 15 million people - half the population - are living in areas that are either controlled by the Taliban or where the Taliban are openly present and regularly mount attacks.
Attacks in recent months claimed by Taliban and IS have killed scores in Kabul and elsewhere, demonstrating the Taliban's capability to carry out strikes even in the heart of the country's capital.
Who are the Taliban?
The hardline Islamic Taliban movement swept to power in Afghanistan in 1996 after the civil war that followed the Soviet-Afghan war, and were ousted by the US-led invasion five years later.
In power, they imposed a brutal version of Sharia law, such as public executions and amputations, and banned women from public life.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Some former Taliban have surrendered, but the group has grown stronger in recent years
Men had to grow beards and women had to wear the all-covering burka; television, music and cinema were banned.
They sheltered al-Qaeda leaders before and after being ousted - since then they have fought a bloody insurgency which continues today.
In 2016, Afghan civilian casualties hit a new high - a rise attributed by the UN largely to the Taliban.
Chef, Jamie Oliver is doing what they can and donating to the families affected by the fire in London, England yesterday that has killed at least 12 people yesterday. Just hours after the fire happened at the Grenfell Tower high-rise, Jamie opened the doors at their restaurant called Jamie's Italian which is just a mile from the apartment building.
They wrote on an Instagram post
“To any of the 100's of FAMILIES effected (sic) by this terrible fire at Grenfell Tower Notting hill today, You are all welcome to come hang out in my restaurant and be fed and watered…Food and drink free of charge so just go and speak to my manager Juan and we will sort you out and give you some love…this is for victims of the fire our thoughts, love and prayers are with you all.”
Dublin have named another impressive team for the second round of their Lidl National League Division 1 campaign against Westmeath, with six of the All-Ireland winning team all named to start.
After starting the league opener on the bench, All-Ireland winning captain Sinéad Aherne comes back into the starting line-up to take up a position in the inside forward line. Veteran defender Sinéad Goldrick has also been selected to start after missing out in the round 1 fixture.
Fellow All-Ireland final winners Ciara Trant, Olwen Carey, Carla Rowe and Lyndsey Davey have all earned starting berths in the side once again, after helping Dublin to victory over Donegal last weekend.
Martha Byrne, Leah Caffrey, Lauren Magee and Niamh McEvoy all drop to the bench for the clash in Mullingar on Sunday afternoon.
Westmeath have also selected an experienced side for the fixture, with Maud Annie Foley, Laura Walsh and Johanna Maher set to start against the All-Ireland champions.
Division 1 holders Cork will be looking to build on their comprehensive round 1 victory against Kerry, as they host old rivals Monaghan in Mallow.
Ephie Fitzgerald.
Ephie Fitzgerald has picked a strong starting 15 to maintain that winning momentum, with the forward line containing some familiar scoring threats in the form of Orlagh Farmer, Eimear Scally, Orla Finn and Mourneabbey's Doireann O'Sullivan.
Them sister Ciara, who captained Cork to their last All-Ireland title in 2016, is being held in reserve among the subs.
Monaghan will be hoping to bounce back from their round 1 defeat to Galway, and they will be looking to seasoned players including the McAnespie trio of Ciara, Eimear and Aoife, to help guide the Ulster side back to winning ways again this weekend.
Elsewhere in Division 1, Galway travels to Donegal and Mayo take on Kerry in their respective second round ties.
Mayo will be looking to the potent scoring combination Grace and Niamh Kelly in their tussle with Kerry, after the pair combined to hit 0-07 in their first round win over Westmeath.
Similarly for Galway, key forward Tracey Leonard could pose problems for Donegal's defence when the sides meet in Glenfin. They hit an impressive 1-04 against Monaghan on the opening day of the campaign.
Dublin: Ciara Trant (St Brigid's), Laura McGinley (Naomh Barrog), Katie Murray (Clontarf), Kate Fitzgibbon (O'Tooles), Sinéad Goldrick (Foxrock Cabinteely), Muireann Ní Scanaill (Fingallians), Lucy Collins (Na Fianna), Olwen Carey (Thomas Davis), Carla Rowe (Clann Mhuire), Aoife Kane (Kilmacud Crokes), Lyndsey Davey (Skerries Harps), Eabha Rutledge (Kilmacud Crokes), Rebecca McDonnell (Clanna Gael Fontenoy), Oonagh Whyte (Clann Mhuire), Sinead Aherne (St Sylvesters)
Division 1 Round 2 Fixtures - Sunday 4 February:
Westmeath v Dublin - St Loman's Mullingar, 12.30pm
Kerry v Mayo - Brosna, 2pm
Cork v Monaghan - Mallow, 2pm
Donegal v Galway - Glenfin, 2pm
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The number of knife crimes being committed in Croydon has more than doubled in the space of a year, new police figures have revealed.
Almost two knife offences were recorded in the borough every day in the 12 months leading up to October 2017, according to the Metropolitan Police's end of year figures.
There were 683 crimes involving knives in the borough from October 2016 to October 2017 - up from 337 offences in the previous 12-month period.
This is the equivalent of more than a 100% increase, compared to a London-wide average of a 24% rise.
Of the 683 offences, eight were homicides and 215 resulted in a victim suffering from knife wounds.
Across the whole of London in this period, 12,074 knife crimes were recorded and 110 people were fatally stabbed.
This was an increase from 9,742 offences and 109 fatal stabbings in the 12 months prior.
Among those who lost their lives in Croydon during this period were 17-year-old Aren Mali, who was fatally stabbed in North End, and 15-year-old Jermaine Gouppall, who died in Thornton Heath.
A group of youths is currently standing trial in connection with Jermaine's death.
Two Croydon teens will stand trial charged with Aren Mali's murder on February 12 at the Old Bailey.
'Wrong role models'
Explaining why they believe so many people in Croydon turn to knife crime, activist and rapper Bhishma Asare, who lives in Thornton Heath and is also known as Proph, said: "I think a lot of these youngsters are getting involved with the wrong crowds and looking up to the wrong role models.
"I think many kids think that it's normal to deal drugs or to carry a knife in areas like mine - and it shouldn't be.
"In my eyes, there are many factors behind these crimes but a lot of these kids aren't bad youngsters - they're misdirected because they are seeing the wrong things on a daily basis and hanging around with the wrong people.
"They don't see that they don't have to carry a knife, or that there is another way to live their lives."
Since they were elected as the new MP for Croydon Central last June, Sarah Jones has formed an all-party political group in an attempt to tackle knife crime.
They said: "A generation of young people are becoming increasingly anxious and desensitised to the existence of dangerous weapons.
(Image: Bhishma Asare)
"Studies have shown that 50% of London's kids know somebody who carries a knife. Imagine what that does to your childhood, to your sense of anxiety, even if you and your friends are nothing to do with knife-carrying."
'Public health issue'
Explaining how they believed Croydon's youth violence issues could be solved, they told Channel 4 News on Monday (January 29) they should be treated as a "public health issue".
They said: "There is no, one simple and easy solution - if there is, we would have done it ten years ago.
"I think we also can't assume that we know everything about the lived experiences of these young people because we don't."
They added that knife crime goes up and down in big peaks and troughs.
They said: "[In the time of the current peak] actually, the number of people who have been caught carrying knives and given custodial sentences has gone right up and the amount of time they're being locked up for has gone right up - so clearly, that isn't working.
"We need strong policing, we need more resources for the police and we need to look at using all the tools the police have got.
"We need to look at mental health, education, youth services and jobs and skills as a way to tackle the root causes all together."
Video
Police have criticised the actions of a vigilante group which exposes people it accuses of being involved in online child sex abuse in Northern Ireland.
Officers asked the group which calls itself Silent Justice to let police "do their job" during the overnight confrontation in County Down, which was streamed live on Facebook.
They have warned the group that such actions risk defaming innocent people and interfere with criminal investigations.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is traveling to Japan for talks expected to focus largely on trade with America's anchor ally in the region.
Concluding a visit to South Korea, Pence told business leaders in Seoul on Tuesday the administration is reviewing all trade agreements as part of its “America First” policy.
“We're reviewing all of our trade agreements across the world to ensure that they benefit our economy as much as they benefit our trading partners,” Pence told the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea.
White House officials said the economic meetings in Tokyo, with Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and other officials, are meant to forge a framework for future discussions after the U.S. withdrew from a Pacific Rim trade pact.
They will serve as the kickoff to the U.S.-Japan economic dialogue that was announced by President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in February.
While Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. is much smaller than China's, Trump has decried the imbalance, especially in auto exports.
In Japan, Pence's two main goals are to spur increased U.S. access to Japanese markets and strengthen Japanese foreign investment.
Both sides said they do not expect the talks in Tokyo this week to delve into sector-by-sector talks on trade.
But the meetings could indicate how forcefully the U.S. will pressure Japan to further open its farm and automotive sectors.
Pence's advisers said the vice president would seek to make the case to Abe and Aso that the U.S. rejection of the Trans-Pacific Partnership under Trump did not signal a U.S. withdrawal from trade and economic development in the region.
As Indiana governor, Pence saw firsthand the impact of Japanese automakers Toyota, Honda and Subaru, whose factories employ thousands of people in their home state.
___
Thomas contributed from Seoul, South Korea. Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi in Tokyo contributed to this report.
Image copyright Getty Images
A review is being launched into airlines' seating policies, the Civil Aviation Authority says.
It will examine whether companies are deliberately splitting up groups of passengers so they pay to sit together. Airlines allocate seating via computer algorithms.
The CAA said it wanted to make sure the practices were "fair and transparent".
A spokesperson for Ryanair said: "Our policy is very clear for our customers."
CAA research of more than 4,000 passengers who had travelled as part of a group on 10 airlines in the last year found that just over half of respondents were told they would have to pay more to sit together before they booked.
However, almost half believed that their airline would automatically allocate them seats together.
'Confusion'
Of the group of respondents that paid extra to sit together, six in 10 said they did so because of the risk that their airline might split up their group.
Andrew Haines, chief executive of the CAA, said airline seating practices were "clearly causing some confusion" and its research showed some passengers were paying to sit together when they might not need to.
"We will be looking into how airlines decide where to seat passengers that have booked as part of a group and whether any airlines are pro-actively splitting up groups of passengers when, in fact, they could be sat together," they said.
"We will not hesitate to take any necessary enforcement action should it be required at the end of the review," they added.
A spokesperson for Ryanair said the airline was happy to co-operate.
"Our policy is very clear for our customers and seats can be purchased from just €2 and kids travelling in families get free seats," they said.
In a statement, EasyJet said: "Unlike some airlines, if passengers choose not to pay to select their seats, EasyJet's seating system is programmed to try and seat families together when they check in online by using an algorithm."
By Annie Reuter
Jennifer Lopez and their beau Alex Rodriguez spent some time in the Hamptons this weekend for the charity fundraiser, Apollo in the Hamptons, which raised money for the iconic Apollo Theatre in New York City.
Related: J-Lo and A-Rod Find ‘LOVE' in NYC
On hand was Justin Timberlake who performed a few songs for the A-listers in attendance including Alicia Keys, Jon Bon Jovi, Jamie Foxx, Matt Lauer, Howard Stern, Priyanka Chopra, Chris Rock, Christie Brinkley, Robert Downey Jr., among others.
Timberlake performed a duet with Pharrell Williams and also sang solo for their hits including “SexyBack,” “Rock Your Body,” and “My Love,” reports Entertainment Tonight.
A-Rod posed with Timberlake and Lopez in a photo and praised the event. “Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it!,” they captioned a photo on Instagram.
J-Lo and A-Rod have been spending a lot of time together in New York. The couple shared a recent “Sunday Funday” while posing with some of the city's iconic artwork, including the famous LOVE sculpture by Robert Indiana.
Great time raising money for the Apollo Theatre in #NYC. JT killed it! #Hamptons (📸: @kevinmazur) A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
In a speech made last week to the Economic Club of Chicago, the 44th President of the United States Barack Obama advised the American populace to start raising questions about the progressive “gains” that made been made during recent decades by propagandists and also defends the existence of journalism.
According to Time, Obama found the rise of Hitler's Nazi Germany the perfect scenario to encourage Americans to “pay attention … and vote.”
The former president expressed the importance of Americans embracing democracy due to the tactics' ability to produce progression rather than cause the country to “fall apart.”
“If we begin to question the very real gains that have been made over the last several decades and we violate our principles because of fear and uncertainty, then we can't expect the progress that is just now taking hold in many places around the world to continue…,” says Obama. “…instead we are going to be inviting in those who argue that democracy doesn't work, that restrictions on the press are necessary and that intolerance and tribalism and organizing ourselves along ethnic lines are the answers to today's challenges, and we those voices around the world.”
Obama also proves their understanding of the importance of media and journalism, unlike their predecessor Donald Trump, and even defends the free speech of those with opposed views.
“We're going to have to find a way to push back on propaganda and cultivate independent journalism, and listen to those with whom with disagree.”
Watch a snippet of Obama's recent speech to the Economic Club of Chicago, here
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
For many seasons the St. Louis Cardinals were the team to beat in the National League Central with very little competition. Those days have past.
I have been a life-long St. Louis Cardinals fan. I have shared with you readers several stories of fond remembrances of my youth. All of that said, I too remember years when the Cardinals were not so dominant and when reaching the postseason was a distant hope.
As we begin 2017, I find myself hoping that the St. Louis Cardinals of this coming season will not find themselves lamed with mediocrity. Let me clarify: when I look back at 2016, I'm very impressed. I was very disappointed at times in the season, but the ultimate outcome- despite not winning the crown- was not so disappointing.
That said, the Cardinals found it difficult in 2016 keeping up with the media darling Cubs. The same appears to be true on paper going into 2017. Will that be the case? Also, what led to the St. Louis Cardinals finding themselves so significantly behind the Cubs in 2016?
Let me dig into a few ideas on why the St. Louis Cardinals faltered as they did in 2016. Bear with me as this line of thinking is a bit long-winded… Here's the cut-to-the-chase idea behind the lengthy idea: the Cardinals essentially became complacent with their secure spot at the top of the NLC.
Here's the longer explanation… As I said, the St. Louis Cardinals were- for years- the team that sat atop the NLC without much difficulty. Diamonds are formed through years of pressure and a lump of coal sitting sans pressure remains just that– a lump of coal.
It can therefore be argued that the years of little competition in the NLC (save a few years of challenge from the Pirates) allowed the Cardinals to rest on their laurels rather than continually improve.
Let me state here, as I'm sure the above paragraph raised ire in several readers, that I believe the organization made moves they felt would either improve the club or maintain the club but I'm not so sure moves were made then as they are being made now. The moves being made now are such to defeat a foe. Moves made during the peaceful reign were likely made to maintain.
Likewise, it can be argued that other teams made moves during the Cardinals' reign to defeat the foe at the top. The St. Louis Cardinals now find themselves forced to make these moves.
Carrying this pressure-into-diamond idea onto the team itself, there are many examples of complacency within the team during those years. During the years of postseason berths and World Series rings, the St. Louis Cardinals farm system was good but not necessarily great.
“Next man up” was a mentality embraced by the Cardinals in the face of injury in recent years. Luckily the farm system was strong enough to support this mentality. For my memory, the farm system during the winning reign was not so heavily relied upon. This lack of reliance led to less competition within the organization.
Less competition allows for complacency- as has been stated plenty here, right?- and this complacency could well have contributed to weaker batting averages and weaker competitiveness. Players who have internal challenges often rise to the challenge or are shipped off elsewhere. Without internal competition, however, it is difficult to see players rise or fall.
Could these things have contributed to the Cardinals looking up at the Cubs? Not so fast… jumping directly to this conclusion ignores the fact that the Cubs took actions on their own to make them a powerhouse. The Cubs were tired of looking up at the Cardinals and acquired bodies to best the Cardinals.
In this regard then, the friction the Cubs felt made them better in the long run. The friction the Cardinals feel now, then, will make them better in the long run. That is an oversimplification but has stood the test of time for things outside of baseball and will stand true here as well.
So what now, then? Now is the time when Mozeliak needs to make decisions to better the organization as well as best the Cubs in 2017. Mozeliak needs to find ways of adding internal friction as well as ways of making the team competitive in the 2017 market.
Perhaps the Dexter Fowler addition is one such example of internal friction. Exploring this we see that Fowler forces Randal Grichuk to move to left field with pressure to remain on the team– friction to make better. Fowler also assumes the leadoff spot in the batting order forcing Matt Carpenter to move to the third spot– friction to become a better number three hitter.
Likewise, grabbing Eric Fryer– a great move in my opinion- allows Carson Kelly to start in Memphis. This friction will make Kelly better by allowing them to play every single day. This friction also forces those in St. Louis to play well enough to keep Kelly in Memphis. A perfect example of internal friction. Additionally, look no further than Luke Weaver for another example of this internal friction.
Is this all enough? I don't believe it is enough. I also don't believe that Mozeliak is finished. Spring Training this season will be interesting and will show just how much this year's friction- created friction- can and will help the 2017 St. Louis Cardinals.
Want your voice heard? Join the Redbird Rants team!
Hold onto your hats, Cardinals Nation, as this season will be one of great interest. Let us all hope that this season's friction will produce diamonds, not coal.
More from Redbird Rants
This article originally appeared on
OKLAHOMA CITY — A former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents was rebuked Monday for comparing gay people to pedophiles and politicians who've recently resigned amid allegations of sexual misconduct.
Kirk Humphreys made the comments during a local TV public affairs show that aired over weekend on KFOR-TV. Humphreys and others were discussing allegations against Minnesota Sen. Al Franken, who is stepping down, and President Donald Trump, when Humphreys began to ramble about other subjects. They said they were “going to make a lot of people mad today.”
“Is homosexuality right or wrong? It's not relative, there's a right and wrong,” Humphreys said. “If it's OK then it's OK for everybody and, quite frankly, it's OK for men to sleep with little boys.”
LGBTQ advocacy group Freedom Oklahoma called for Humphreys' removal from the Board of Regents if they didn't apologize. Executive Director Troy Stevenson said Monday that Humphreys' comments were disheartening and dangerous for LGBTQ youth who are already harassed and bullied.
A staffer at Humphreys' office said they were out of town Monday and unavailable to comment. Humphreys, 67, did not immediately reply to an email seeking comment.
The president of the University of Oklahoma distanced themselves from Humphreys' comments. President David Boren noted that Humphreys was not speaking on behalf of the university, adding that the school was committed to diversity and inclusiveness.
“I do not share their views on this matter,” Boren said in a statement.
A state lawmaker who appeared with Humphreys pushed back at them on the show, saying it was wrong to compare sexual misconduct and crimes to the legal behaviour of consenting adults.
“Mr. Humphreys' comments were disgusting, offensive, and just plain wrong,” Rep. Emily Virgin, a Democrat from Oklahoma City, later said on their Facebook page. “I unequivocally stand with the LGBT community.
Stevenson said their group planned to protest an Oklahoma City real estate project that belongs to Humphreys' family business if they don't apologize.
Nahdia Baker was facing over a dozen charges — and on most of those — the jury said they were not guilty.
Kim Jones left Louis Vuitton at the beginning of 2018 with a memorable show. Just a couple months later they are ready for new challenges. The famous menswear designer has been announced as the new creative director of Dior Homme. The British designer will replace Kris Van Assche, who left Dior just recently. They were at the helm of the menswear sector of Dior since 2007.
Kim Jones has reshaped the menswear arm of Louis Vuitton in many revolutionary ways. The designer preserved the luxury travel feel of Louis Vuitton but added cool streetwear elements in its collections. The street aesthetic is insanely popular now, and Jones managed to make pieces that were always in a high demand. The designer also led Louis Vuitton's collaboration with the infamous streetwear label Supreme. Fans from all over the world had been waiting for days and hours in front of their pop-up stores to get their hands on the exclusive collaborative collection. The pieces were later sold for 1.5 times or more of their original price. These two brands had legal issues in the past which made this collaboration even more exciting. In 2000 Supreme received a cease-and-desist order from Louis Vuitton for using their monogram on a skateboard.
Altogether Kim Jones turned Louis Vuitton into a leading menswear brand. With friends such as Kanye West and David Beckham with their family sitting front row, the brand's shows were a celebrity affair. Van Assche, on the other hand, had been running Dior Homme successfully, but without big jumps. They succeeded Hedi Slimane at Dior, who is now the new creative director of Celine. Kris Van Assche continued to nurture Dior Homme's sharp aesthetic throughout their career at the fashion house. Dior most certainly wishes for some changes in the future. Kim Jones undoubtedly knows how to keep a brand's heritage while designing pieces that are relevant to nowaday's customers. With their arrival at Dior Homme, we should expect a certain change in the aesthetic.
There isn't really anything impossible for Kim Jones. The designer managed to convince Kate Moss to walk for Louis Vuitton on their last show. The former supermodel was off the runway for years and Jones was the one who brought them back. They closed the show together with Moss and Naomi Campbell. It was an iconic closure for an end of an era. We expect to see another exciting show from Kim Jones, this time for Dior in Paris. Hang tight until June for the first collection by the designer.
Image caption Ethnic minority students reported "feeling uncomfortable" about applying to some universities
There are warnings of a lack of "ethnic mixing" in the UK's universities, in a study from the Institute for Policy Research at the University of Bath.
Ethnic minority students are more likely to be concentrated in new universities in London and big cities.
But white students are more likely to attend predominantly white institutions, says the study.
The report warns of "segregation" as a result of students' choices of university.
There are also ethnic divisions within subjects, with only 25 black Caribbean students entering medicine or dentistry courses in 2014-15.
"If we are to create a more tolerant UK society, where people are aware and respectful of cultural and ethnic difference, it is vital that greater mixing happens," said leader of the research project, Dr Michael Donnelly.
'Feeling uncomfortable'
The study shows that black and Asian students are not spread evenly within the university system, but tend to be concentrated in big, multicultural cities.
Almost two-thirds of students in the UK from Bangladeshi families go to a relatively small number of "super-diverse" London universities.
There are some universities where almost three-quarters of UK students are from ethnic minorities - and there are others where more than 95% of students are white.
There are about 20 universities where a majority of undergraduate students are from ethnic minorities - with these figures not including overseas students.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Researchers have highlighted a lack of diversity in some universities and subjects
Researchers found some students from multicultural parts of London were worried they could face racism if they chose universities in less diverse parts of the country.
Young people from ethnic minorities told researchers they were concerned about "feeling uncomfortable or thought they might be stared at" if they went to places with few other minorities, said Dr Donnelly.
White students, particularly those who have grown up in areas with a low proportion of ethnic minorities, were more likely to go to universities with a high proportion of white students.
"Only 12.3% of white British students attend the most diverse universities," said the study.
The researchers said it raised questions about integration and social mobility.
'Hierarchy of universities'
Report lead author Dr Sol Gamsu said that universities which are more ethnically diverse tended to be "less wealthy universities which provide higher education for large numbers of first-generation university students".
Dr Gamsu said that the "hierarchy of universities" meant that resources were more likely to be focused on "institutions dominated by the white middle class".
They said that in terms of factors underlying the segregation, there also seemed to be a pattern of middle class, white students avoiding some universities.
Subjects were "even more segregated than universities" said researchers and some have "huge problems with ethnic diversity".
For medicine and dentistry courses, the study found only 0.3% of the intake were from black Caribbean families - representing 25 students.
This was the lowest proportion of any ethnic minority group - compared with almost 3% who were black African, 11% Indian and 5% Pakistani and 2% Chinese.
For veterinary sciences, almost 95% of students were white, meaning that "fewer than 50 students starting out on new veterinary courses for 2014-15 came from non-white backgrounds".
Dr Matt Dickson, from the University of Bath's department of social and policy sciences, said that the study showed that more needs to be done to ensure that "students from different classes and ethnic backgrounds learn together in the same institutions".
They warned it should not be a system that "funnels" ethnic minority and poorer students "into certain institutions and the white middle class into others".
Fake accounts purporting to belong to President Nicos Anastasiades have appeared on social media in the past few days, but these have no connection with him, deputy government spokesperson Klelia Vasiliou said on Wednesday.
In a written statement, they said that in some cases the fraudulent accounts claiming to be the President even attempt to secure funds under various false pretences. “We urge the public to be particularly careful. All cases identified have been reported to the police which is taking the required action,” they added.
STARKVILLE, Miss. — Lamar Peters scored a season-high 20 points to lead Mississippi State to a 72-57 win over Georgia on Saturday night.
Quinndary Weatherspoon and their brother Nick Weatherspoon added 14 points for Mississippi State while Aric Holman chipped in 12 points, all of which came in the second half. The Bulldogs (17-6, 5-5 SEC) have now won three straight SEC games.
Georgia (13-9, 5-5) received 13 points from Yante Maten and Tyree Crump while Pape Diatta added 12 points.
“That was a great performance for our team and just a credit to our players and how hard they are playing, defensively,” said Mississippi State head coach Ben Howland. “We are improving, offensively, and that is the third game in a row we've shot over 50 per cent from the field. It all starts with our defence and starts with our rebounding. But our preparation is what is so gratifying to me and I think we are growing into a really good team. That is fun to watch.”
Peters was 9 of 17 from the field for Mississippi State and, as a team, the Bulldogs shot 50.9 per cent for the game. Peters also had a season-high four steals along with two assists.
“I saw it early,” said Peters. “When Coach started calling high ball screens for me, I saw their bigs were kinda slow getting through them. So I saw the lanes open up today and I just wanted to attack.”
Georgia shot 40.8 per cent for the game and made 9 of 21 beyond the arc. The Bulldogs had 12 turnovers and were outscored 34-20 in the paint. Mississippi State also held a 37-20 advantage on rebounds.
Georgia trailed by double digits for the entire second half by as many as 19 in the period. The Bulldogs also failed to lead at any point during the game and trailed by double digits for the final 28 minutes of the game.
“Our team has been a good defensive rebounding team this season,” said Georgia head coach Mark Fox. “But tonight we were not that. We did not force enough misses and when we did, we didn't get the rebounds. My compliments to Mississippi State and I thought they played pretty solid. But I was disappointed in our level of physicality.”
Mississippi State jumped out to a 9-3 lead in the opening minutes and continued to add more separation the remainder of the first half. Thanks to Peters' 3 pointer, Mississippi State built a 24-11 lead midway through the first half and Georgia never got within single digits the rest of the half.
Led by Peters' 13 points in the first half, Mississippi State held a 37-21 advantage at halftime. The Bulldogs shot 48.4 per cent in the first half while Georgia shot just 33.3 per cent from the field. Mississippi State also dominated the boards in the first half with a 22-9 advantage.
BIG PICTURE
Georgia: The Bulldogs have now lost four of their last five games inside SEC play. Fox pointed to their team's lack of physicality in the loss at Mississippi State, particularly on the defensive backboards.
Mississippi State: After a 2-5 start in the SEC, Mississippi State has now won three straight league games for the first time since last January. The Bulldogs are now 15-1 at home and 3-1 in SEC home games.
UP NEXT
Georgia remains on the road in SEC action and will travel to Vanderbilt on Wednesday.
Mississippi State closes out a two-game home stand on Tuesday and will host Alabama.
PGA Tour rookie Wesley Bryan picked up their first career win in their home state of South Carolina on Sunday, edging Luke Donald by a stroke to win the RBC Heritage at Harbour Town Golf Links. Bryan, who now has four top-10 finishes this year, earned a first-place prize of $1,170,000 to bring their season total to $1,990,194.
So how did Bryan celebrate? With a visit to Taco Bell, of course, still wearing their winner's jacket.
It's a tradition for Bryan to go to Taco Bell after a victory. Here they are a year ago with their brother George after winning the Web.com Tour's El Bosque Mexico Championship.
All-Star full-forward Seamus Callanan will miss Tipperary's Allianz Hurling League final clash with Galway on Sunday after breaking their thumb.
The Drom & Inch man suffered the injury in the Premier County's comprehensive semi-final victory over Wexford last Sunday.
"He is frustrated. But I am fully aware that when you play a game you run that risk and we run the same risk every night in training," manager Michael Ryan told The Tipperary Star.
"This is exactly what the panel is for. Somebody is going to benefit from it. It is unfortunate, but it creates an opportunity - somebody is going to start instead of him.
"Séamie is a starter and we can take that as read, but someone is going to get a jersey now that they may or may not have been expecting. This really creates an opportunity for someone."
Callanan is expected to be fit for the reigning All-Ireland champions Munster quarter-final against Cork on May 21.
Full-back James Barry will be ready to face Galway despite being substituted late for a knock late on against Wexford.
Dear Visitor,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on.
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge.
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site.
So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker's "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site.
A DIAGNOSIS of type 1 diabetes does not have to spell “career death” for elite athletes.
Speaking passionately during a recent visit to the Children's Ark at University Hospital Limerick, Stephen Clancy, from Dooradoyle, encouraged others not give up on their dreams inspite of any conditions diagnosed.
Stephen is a member of the world's first all-diabetes cycling team Novo Nordisk, and is also a diabetes ambassador.
Growing up in Dooradoyle, they were a sports-mad youngster and decided to focus fully on cycling at 16. However, after signing with Ireland's top domestic squad, Dan Morrissey-Speedyspokes, they were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes – which, they feared, would end their sporting ambitions.
“My consultant told me that it was one of the most difficult conditions to manage and that I should limit myself to one mile per day, where I had been doing 200 miles per day the previous week. In short, for me it was career death. The only question on my mind was what it would mean for my cycling career. I started researching online and that was how I found out about Team Novo Nordisk,” said Stephen.
Team Novo Nordisk is a global all-diabetes sports team of cyclists, triathletes and runners with almost 100 athletes from over 20 countries. After Stephen made contact, they were invited to train with the team's development squad in Atlanta, Georgia.
“Six months later I had signed a professional contract. I rang home and quit college and my job in the bike shop back in Limerick,” they said.
With Team Novo Nordisk, they are hoping to qualify to take part in the centennial edition of the Tour de France in 2021 and to quality for the Giro D'Italia before that.
They said that it's great that others “are able to see a 250km, six hour race is not something that's beyond them and that I can spread that positive message.”
Professor Clodagh O'Gorman, consultant paediatrician in diabetes and endocrinology at University Hospital Limerick, said Stephen's story gives “huge encouragement and inspiration to the children and teenagers who attend our paediatric diabetes services.”
“Stephen shows that while diabetes is a lifelong condition that needs intensive management, young people with type 1 diabetes can still go on and achieve their goals whether in education, in sport or in life in general.”
At UHL, about 190 children and adolescents attending their service, aged one to 18 years.
“Most diabetes in young children and adolescents is type 1 diabetes mellitus and so these children require insulin injections as lifelong therapy for their diabetes,” explained Prof O'Gorman. "It is quite different to type 2 diabetes, which is more common in adults."
“Diabetes in children is an unremitting, life-long condition with a very high lifetime rate of complications. Intensive education, intensive management and frequent regular contact with the diabetes team are the mainstays of improving therapy to minimise the risks of complications.
“We expect that modern therapies, and close attention to achieving near normal blood sugars will protect these children and adolescents from the risks of diabetes complications in their future. The young people with type 1 diabetes who attend our clinic display great courage and tenacity, facing insulin injections every day of their lives. It is wonderful to introduce them to someone like Stephen Clancy, who is proof for them that they can achieve their goals, even if they have diabetes,” said Prof O'Gorman.
0:36 Dolphins' Matt Moore focused for playoffs Pause
0:55 Dolphins' Landry talks loss to New England
1:17 Adam Gase discusses Dolphins loss against the Patriots
1:52 Adam Beasley recaps Dolphins' loss against the Patriots
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
21 new and notable Android games from the last week including Death Coming, Stories of Bethem - Full Moon, and Deploy and Destroy: Ash vs ED (5/23/18 - 5/27/18)
In fact, Lindsey had just 19 offensive touches for 80 yards in 2017, despite being regarded as one of the most explosive receivers in the country.
Lindsey had their moments last August where Tanner Lee connected with them on a few deep play action passes, but it never transferred over to the game.
The expectations were hard to ignore for Tyjon Lindsey in 2017. The California native came to Nebraska as one of the highest ranked recruits in years, but like many true freshmen, it took some time to adjust.
During their junior year in high school, Lindsey averaged 24.8 yards per catch on 45 receptions for national high school power Las Vegas Bishop Gorman. Theirs missed most of their senior year with an injury, but before that, they were named the wide receiver MVP at the Rivals Challenge in Atlanta that June.
Lindsey was a can't miss prospect in most people's eyes, but the only roadblock was they never played in a pro-style offense before.
As Lindsey learned, the style was different than they were used to, and their opportunities were far less. Typically the former coaching staff would try to call at least one or two designed calls Lindsey's way, but they failed to have any play go longer than 8 yards in 2017.
"For my confidence, basically I just needed the amount of touches,” Lindsey said. “Just getting hit here and there, it was more than that. It was hard to get comfortable.
“That was my biggest thing. One touch isn't going to define the person. You can't be perfect all the time. You've got to warm up and get a feel. (Receiver) is just like running back. Running backs don't get one ball every ball; they continuously run it in. Once they start clicking, they go straight to it, straight to it. That's what they are starting to try to do with me. That's why they moved me to running back and wide-out, just trying to get me in my comfort zone back in the day.”
Head coach Scott Frost and their staff were very familiar with Lindsey from their time on their time at Oregon.
The Ducks recruited Lindsey, and at one time they felt like the Chip Kelly offense was a perfect match for their skill set.
This spring, you can argue no player on the offense has benefited more from the move to Frost's offense than Lindsey. On Saturday, Lindsey had a 28-yard run and a team-high four receptions for 14 yards. The 42 yards of offense in the Red-White game was over half their 2017 output and a pretty good indication of what's to come.
“The chemistry, it's going up right now,” Lindsey said. “We are not all on the same page right now, but as you can see from the spring game, we've been clicking on a couple of things."
No player is happier to see Lindsey step than redshirt first-year student quarterback Tristan Gebbia.
The two have known each other for quite some time, going back to their days in Southern California.
“Tyjon is a great athlete,” Gebbia said. “I think you guys all knew that when they were getting recruited and I think everyone in the country knew it. They finally got the chance to get out there and show what they can do in a faster-paced offense than what they did in high school. He's my roommate, so I'm pretty proud of him.”
This summer Lindsey doesn't plan to slow down either. They hope to take things up another level, and in order to do that, he'll stay in Lincoln over the month of May.
“I'm focused,” Lindsey said. “I'm staying here. I'm doing summer school. I'm trying to get in here – get in, get out. Football is fun to me. When I'm around my brothers like this, I'll be straight. I came here just to get away from all the distractions and stuff. Stuff out there, besides my family, is nothing but a distraction.
"I'm here to get my mind set. I see the year I'm trying to have, and with that, I have to make sacrifices.”
By Jon Wiederhorn
Last week, Donatella Versace posted a video for Bruno Mars' “Versace on the Floor,” which featured a whole bunch of glamorous models. Now, Mars has released their own video for the song, which stars Zendaya.
Related: Donatella Versace Toasts Bruno Mars with Model Filled Video
Mars is shot in low light as sensual colors swirl around him. And in separate images, Zendaya looks stunning in a glittery, silver dress. Of course, both artists are wearing Versace, but considering how nice Zendaya's outfit is, it probably should have wound up on a hanger instead of on the floor.
Financial support behind the Wisconsin FFA continues to reach high levels.
Source: WisconsinAgConnection.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Liberal Party politicians Emlyn Hooson, Jeremy Thorpe and Lord Lloyd outside Kiddington Hall for a party conference in 1973
The portrayal of former Montgomeryshire Liberal MP Lord Hooson in a BBC TV drama series about Jeremy Thorpe is "totally inaccurate", the constituency's MP has said.
Glyn Davies said A Very English Scandal portrayed the politician as "selfish".
The Tory MP said Lord Hooson was "extremely well-liked".
The drama documents the rise and fall of Liberal leader Mr Thorpe. The BBC said it is based on the book of the same name.
Lord Hooson, who lived in Llanidloes, Powys, served as the Montgomeryshire MP from 1962 to 1979, and at various times was their party's spokesperson in the Commons on defence, foreign and home affairs, legal matters, agriculture and Wales.
They died in 2012 at the age of 86. They were described as the "founding father of the Welsh liberal party".
Lord Hooson, who in the drama is played by Jason Watkins, contested the leadership of the party in 1967 after the death of Clement Davies, but withdrew in favour of the eventual winner Jeremy Thorpe.
The leadership contest is portrayed in the BBC One drama which explores the scandal surrounding Jeremy Thorpe, the first British politician to be tried for conspiracy and incitement to murder.
Image copyright PA Image caption Glyn Davies said the drama portrayed Lord Hooson as "conniving"
Mr Davies said: "The portrayal of Lord Hooson in 'A Very English Scandal' as a conniving, selfish and rather underhand politician is totally inaccurate, and is certainly not representative of the man I remember and became very good friend's with.
"Undoubtedly the programme makers have used some artistic license in attempting to paint Jeremy Thorpe in a rather more sympathetic light to how they have been portrayed in the past, but it seems very unfair that this comes at the cost of a true representation of the late Lord Hooson, who was an MP who fought so hard to protect the interests of Montgomeryshire, and to champion the constituency across the UK.
"My experience of Lord Hooson, and I am sure of everyone within Montgomeryshire who knew him, is that of an extremely well-liked, talented and respected politician - very much the opposite of how they are portrayed within the programme."
A BBC spokesperson said the writer of the show, Russell T Davies, based their scripts on John Preston's book of the same name, and additional research.
"The BBC always follows strict editorial policy guidelines in order to deliver a programme that presents a fair portrayal of events," they added.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Nebraska lawmakers have confirmed a new superintendent for the State Patrol despite some reservations about recent problems in the agency.
Senators voted 37-0 on Friday in favor of Col. John Bolduc, who was appointed by Gov. Pete Ricketts and sworn in for the job on Oct. 16.
Some senators raised concerns that they still don't have detailed answers about why Bolduc's predecessor, former Col. Brad Rice, was abruptly fired in June. Bolduc has promised to overhaul the agency and ensure all patrol members are accountable to the public.
Rice's termination came after news surfaced that the agency had mishandled internal investigations and didn't properly respond to possible misconduct against female recruits by a patrol doctor.
Rice was chosen following a national search for a replacement.
Archives May (4) April (3) February (1) December (8) November (33) October (42) September (31) August (15) July (32) June (83) May (58) April (26) November (1) June (2) December (2) March (1) February (2) January (1) December (14) November (115) October (52) August (46) July (46) June (89) May (99) April (62) March (7) February (49) January (104) December (110) November (103) October (58) September (74) August (121) July (101) June (134) May (141) April (78) March (145) February (86) January (88) December (63) September (69) August (46) July (98) June (100) May (118) April (118) March (139) February (89) January (84) December (75) November (75) October (61) September (161) August (106) July (59) June (84) May (110) April (113) March (93) February (93) January (90) December (58) November (146) October (131) September (173) August (148) July (100) June (134) May (131) April (140) March (140) February (139) January (160) December (127) November (124) October (121) September (195) August (197) July (193) June (179) May (179) April (153) March (190) February (158) January (169) December (128) November (115) October (59) September (36) August (32) July (31) June (49) May (21) April (4)
