Here at E3, Activision and Sledgehammer are showing off the campaign in a cinematic setting while letting us put our fingers on the trigger in multiplayer. I got a look at Team Deathmatch, Domination and War Mode in my brief time with Call of Duty: WWII. Antique weapons, trench warfare and close quarters combat make the team play here very fun. There are a ton of blind corners and places to hide, so you can walk right past an opposing player without knowing it until it's too late. It happened to me a lot.
As far as the campaign is concerned, the story focuses on Private "Red" Daniels as they fight for the Allied Powers in Europe during 1944 and 1945. Yes, that includes the beaches of Normandy and D-Day. Some key aspects of the campaign mode include using health packs (first-aid kits) to heal yourself and relying heavily on the members of your squad to complete objectives and avoid dying on the battlefield. As you might expect with Call of Duty, there's plenty of violence and gore and the gameplay I saw included multiple gruesome decapitations.
Divisions also play a big role here, as you can select which job you want to have during each match. Of course, each one comes with its own weapons, uniforms and responsibilities. There's also a headquarters in the game where you can do all of those training exercises, including one-on-one combat. Unfortunately, Sledgehammer wasn't showing off that Nazi zombies mode, but we already knew it would be part of the game.
I'll have to reserve any definitive judgment on Call of Duty: WWII until I'm able to play through the campaign and spend more time getting owned in multiplayer. Thankfully, I won't have to wait too long to do that. Sledgehammer says a private beta will be available this summer and the full game is set to launch November 3rd on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One -- just in time to offer some respite from your holiday madness. Going back in time could bring fans back to the series, it's just too early to tell how compelling a case Activision and Sledgehammer will make.
Follow all the latest news from E3 2017 here!
{"id":49215255,"title":"Donald Trump faces backlash in the wake of Charlottesville protest","duration":"3:58","description":"The president took two days before specifically denouncing the hate groups behind the rally.","url":"/WNT/video/donald-trump-faces-backlash-wake-charlottesville-protest-49215255","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"}
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please click the activate button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Derbyshire-based singing group DaleDiva will be ten years old in November 2017.
It's been an extraordinary rollercoaster ride over that period for the members of the ensemble, whose main aim has always been to entertain and bring joy to audiences.
A spokesperson for the group said: “We are now in a position to be able to celebrate our tenth year by offering YOU the chance to benefit from DaleDiva.
“We are looking to support ten charities or worthwhile causes in the next 12 months leading up to our tenth birthday. If you are involved in a local charity or group that needs funds then this could be your chance to fundraiser by hosting DaleDiva.
“Those selected will have the benefit of DaleDiva performing free of charge - at an agreed date - to raise monies for your project. You will be expected to arrange the event but ALL the money raised will be yours.”
If you are interested please email: julieythornhill@gmail.com and you will receive more details on how to apply.
Closing date is Sunday, January 15.
Photo by Martin Brown
Dim Bulb Games founder Johnnemann Nordhagen helped create BioShock 2 and Gone Home, two diametrically opposed first-person games, at least when it comes to the use of violence. He's now working on Where the Water Tastes Like Wine, a narrative-driven story that dives into the rich folklore of the American South. Just like Gone Home, there's no combat in this new game. Instead, it's driven by the story itself, the music, and the humid, star-speckled environment.
Meanwhile, Nathanael Weiss of Wizard Fu is building Songbringer, a procedurally generated hack-and-slash game that looks like a classic pixelated experience -- swords, slaughter and all. But, for Weiss, there's a big difference between violence and gore, and as slashy as Songbringer is, it doesn't celebrate killing.
On the Engadget stage at E3 2017, Nordhagen and Weiss shared their thoughts on the evolution of violence in video games, from the original Doom and Mortal Kombat to Where the Water Tastes Like Wine and Songbringer.
Follow all the latest news from E3 2017 here!
Appeal Court clears Orubebe, nullifies CCT's false asset declaration ruling
The Appeal Court says the former minister broke no law.
The post Appeal Court clears Orubebe, nullifies CCT's false asset declaration ruling appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Messi, other LaLiga stars' hobbies include video games, sports cars, golf.. – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
Charles Robert Jenkins, an Army sergeant who became a Cold War enigma after they defected to North Korea in 1965 and was held for nearly 40 years before being released in 2004, died Monday in Japan. They were 77.
Their death was reported by the Kyodo News agency. The cause is not yet known, Kyodo said.
Mr. Jenkins, from Rich Square, N.C., was patrolling the demilitarized zone that separates North and South Korea when, drunk after 10 beers, they walked into the North in 1965 to avoid facing combat duty in Vietnam.
They quickly realized they had made a terrible mistake. They were to spend most of the next 40 years as a prisoner, forced to read the works of North Korean leaders for hours on end, and suffering from hunger and beatings.
Little was known about Mr. Jenkins's experiences until they emerged from North Korea in 2004. They were allowed to leave to rejoin their wife, Hitomi Soga, a Japanese woman who had been kidnapped by the North. They were allowed to return home to Japan with four other Japanese abductees in 2002 after a visit to Pyongyang by the Japanese prime minister at the time, Junichiro Koizumi.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
During their 2004 military trial for desertion, held in Japan, Mr. Jenkins testified that they were taken to a hospital in North Korea where, without anesthesia, a doctor sliced off skin with the tattooed words “U.S. Army” from their forearm.
The 71-year-old Tabarez has used a wheelchair since they were diagnosed with Guillain-Barre syndrome in 2016.
GOALKEEPERS
There is little doubt Galatasaray goalkeeper Fernando Muslera will be between the posts for their third World Cup.
Defence
The Atletico Madrid partnership of Diego Godin and Jose Gimenez also anchor the heart of Uruguay's defence. Godin has made more than 100 appearances since their debut in 2005 and scored at their third World Cup with a header against Italy in 2014. The 23-year-old Gimenez offers a solid companion to a player nine years their senior and already has one World Cup under their belt.
Versatile Lazio wingback Martin Caceres should also be sure of a starting spot unless there is a recurrence of one of their frequent injuries.
MIDFIELDERS
Tabarez has always had doubts about their midfield's attacking qualities. While the unit has usually been capable of defending well, the midfielders have often struggled to generate chances for the forwards.
During qualifying, Tabarez called up several young players who improved in this area: Federico Valverde (19), Nahitan Nandez (22) and Rodrigo Bentancur (20).
FORWARDS
Uruguay shouldn't be short of goals. The strikers are the team's greatest strength.
Suarez is Uruguay's all-time leading scorer with 50 goals and is coming off the back of a strong season with Barcelona. Paris Saint-Germain forward Edinson Cavani is next on the list with 41, including a continent-leading 10 goals in 18 matches in South American qualifying.
GROUP GAMES
Uruguay, which will be based in Nizhny Novgorod, will face Egypt in its first match on June 15. That will be followed by matches against Saudi Arabia on June 20 and Russia on June 25.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
By Leonardo Haberkorn, The Associated Press
The Latest on actor charged in NXIVM case (all times local):
6 p.m.
The actor granted bail while fighting charges that they helped recruit women into a cult-like group has left a Brooklyn courthouse.
Allison Mack, best known for playing Superman's friend, walked in silence with their lawyers to a waiting car two blocks away as photographers swarmed.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed Tuesday to release Allison Mack on $5 million bond and place them under home detention in California. She'll be living with their parents.
The "Smallville" actor has pleaded not guilty to sex trafficking.
Prosecutors say they helped recruit sex slaves for leader Keith Raniere and their group called NXIVM (NEHK'-see-uhm).
3:30 p.m.
An actor best known for playing a young Superman's friend has been granted bail while fighting charges that they helped recruit women into a cult-like group.
A federal judge in Brooklyn agreed Tuesday to release Allison Mack on $5 million bond and place them under home detention in California. She'll be living with their parents.
They have pleaded not guilty to sex trafficking.
Prosecutors say they worked as a slave "master" and recruited women to a group led by a man who sold themselves as a self-improvement guru to the stars.
Mack starred in The CW network's "Smallville," a show about the early life of Superman that ended in 2011.
Prosecutors say they helped recruit sex slaves for leader Keith Raniere and their group called NXIVM (NEHK'-see-uhm).
Raniere also denies wrongdoing.
Most cameras are designed to capture scenes as faithfully as possible, but don't tell that to Dan Macnish. They recently built an instant camera, Draw This, that uses a neural network to translate photos into the sort of crude cartoons you would put on your school notebooks. Macnish mapped the millions of doodles from Google's Quick, Draw! game data set to the categories the image processor can recognize. After that, it was largely a matter of assembling a Raspberry Pi-powered camera that used this know-how to produce its 'hand-drawn' pictures with a thermal printer.
Beyond ‘street protests and sit at home orders'
By Mohammed Adamu
NOTE: Given the deluge of responses to last week's Biafra: In peace or in pieces, I have decided, this week, to give up the page to those who feel strongly for or against the views I canvassed. Enjoy them:
Biafra's Okay, but there's no basis for it!
ONLINE:– “Those who advocate that the ‘Czechoslovakia Formula' out of which Czech and Slovak republics emerged, be applied to Nigeria simply forget, or are not aware of the history of the Cold War. Now, when late renegade General Emeka Odumegwu Ojukwu made reference to the ‘peaceful dissolution of former Czechoslovakia', they were quick to add that Nigeria does not lend itself to any easy dissolution. They should know: as a historian, they knew Biafra. There would have been no need to go to war if Nigeria was structured as Czechoslovakia. Or, Germany. To a reasonable extent, Korea, another victim of the Cold War resembles Czechoslovakia and Germany.
Like several such instances, especially in Eastern Europe, Korea may still go the way of Czechoslovakia (never mind the effects of the 1950-53 war that severed the country into two along ideological lines). Like the United States, UK and virtually all countries of the world, Nigeria may be a ‘mere geographical expression', but, again, and as we all know, Nigeria's artificiality, just like that of the US, is very much unlike that of Czechoslovakia.
If South Sudan was tonic for agitators of Biafra, they got it wrong. Aside the sharp differences that have turned Africa's youngest state into a snake pit, we know old Sudan was more like Czechoslovakia. There is nothing wrong in seeking Biafra, problem is there is no basis for it, considering extant international laws/memoranda cited in your piece.
NB: Your piece is understandably silent on the so-called Kaduna declaration. The boys don't have my sympathies but, as a ‘balance of terror', I notice their threat is serving its purpose considering the graveyard silence from the Biafran agitators. Honestly, if elders and leaders of thought in the South East responded the way big northern voices have done to the starry eyed Kaduna youths, maybe Uwazuruike and Kanu would have realised they are like fish out of water.
Unhappily, most of the feathered red caps and big staff of the South East clammed up, may be expecting the bad boys to do their dirty job for them. I am still surprised a nocturnal meeting has not been called, as it was done in 1976, to ‘prevail' on Kanu to declare another stillborn baby”. –Abdulrazaq Magaji.
Beyond street protests and sit at home orders
Online:– “Biafra is not a colony of Nigeria and thus, there is no basis for this argument, because resolution 1514 of 1960 is about the right of people to be freed from their colonial masters!
Adamu's argument should be challenged by other UN declarations like the declarations dealing with the rights of indigenous people. However, contingent upon the recognition of the right of a people to be recognised as a country, is the acquiescence of all the 5 permanent members of the security council not to exercise a veto on such recognition, even if the general assembly moves to accept such a new country. The decision at the UN security council, UNSC, cannot be overridden by any resolution of the general assembly! So we must accept and face the enormous international legal frameworks that lie ahead in the actualisation of Biafra and formulate the right diplomacy to achieve this. In the present world order since the end of WW2 in 1945, there must be one permanent member of the security council that supports the idea of Biafra; even if the Nigerian state refuses to hold a voluntary referendum, for Biafra to have a head start of being a country. This is the point that a lot of us are worried about, on the feasibility of a Biafra. This is the dilemma and at the same time the reality that Biafra faces. Biafra can only be achieved through the instrumentality of this world order and not in the illusions of some witless agitators. And in the present ill-disposition of the Nigerian state for a voluntary referendum and short of an armed insurrection, I can only take IPOB and MASSOB serious, the day I find their lobbyists in the halls of the UN and EU, the streets of the DC beltway, London, Paris, Kremlin and old Peking, as opposed to street protests and sit at home orders that serve few purposes in the serious struggles of nationhood”. –Osit Brown
Biafra not about Nnamdi Kanu!
Online:– “You can turn the truth upside down and inside out to fit your malice and vituperation towards a people who are asking for nothing other than to be allowed their inalienable right to self determination, that is your business. But one thing you can't do is taming their ideology, the strength of their spirit and resoluteness. All these sermons, excerpts from dubious documents and twisted charters and constitutions are not yielding a desired result thus futile. Biafra will leave peacefully without a gunshot; as the world, today, has moved past the century old ideology of Mallam Adamu. What they also don't seem to know is that Biafra struggle is not only in Nigeria and does not only revolve around Mazi Nnamdi Kanu; some underground work is being done at the UN with the backing of some foreign partners and friendly nations. The Biafra train is already in motion and about to traverse the frontier and no amount of persuasion and or hostility can impede it. I thought Biafrans were your bête noire, why these painstaking efforts trying to keep them with you even though you know it will be vain?”
–Anonymous.
The Igbos are ‘largely” harmless!
Online:– “As a realist, I want to watch how the actualisation of Biafra works out. I just want our brothers and sisters to acknowledge the fact that other Nigerians are not inferior to them as they think. Only a fool will take their neighbours for granted. We all have our areas of strength and weakness. Hostility towards others is a bad character. Be good to those you meet on your way up as you will surely need them on your way down. Let's purge ourselves of this notion of perceived “superiority complex and Jewish progeneity”. I really would love to read your opinion on Fulani hegemony over Nigeria and the menace of Herdsmen and Boko Haram. These are real, have displayed superiority complex and Arab supremacy, affect the country and have caused it's lack of progress. It's amazing how people pour scorn on the Igbo who are largely harmless Na wa o!
–Sola Akinwande.
Yes to referendum, No to'Right of might'!
Online:– “The write-up is just trying to drum up support for the continued domination of the north over the rest of the south. All that you have elucidated do no longer apply because laws are made for man and not man made for law. There is now new law in town, which has to do with REFERENDUM. The “right of might” has been overtaken by referendum. Through referendum, a section of a country that feels abused, denied and oppressed has a right to agitate for a separate state and ask for referendum. This took place in Scotland just two years ago in 2015. If the Scotland experience has succeeded, United Kingdom would have been history by now. So, all the apologists of one Nigeria should stop this crap and face the reality that the time has come for a negotiated disengagement. I pity those who are not seeing what the Ibos are seeing. It happened before in 1967 and many regretted not joining Biafra then. Now, we are at it again, in 20 years, many sections of Nigeria will regret why they did not support Biafra in 2017.” –Kalu.
Biafra will come to pass, someday!
Online:– “The UN General Assembly Resolution 1514(XV) of 14 December 1960 is unambiguous and clear on the right of peoples to self-determination or self-government. All the Seven Declarations support Biafra agitation. Those opposing Biafra can afford to introduce ambiguity to a lucid document and import extraneous materials to buttress their stand but we know they're only doing so because Nigeria as is presently constituted favours them. I sincerely don't believe the author of this revisionist work which is laden with contradictions is sincere. And I ask, if their region, the Arewa, have sufficient reasons to leave the country, will they be quoting all these nonsensical and contradictory excerpts? But whatever anyone might think or say, the Biafra agitation can never be wished away. It might tarry but it'll surely come to pass!”
–Anonymous.
Igbos are not a minority gruop!
+2348036907791:– “First, Igbos are not a minority group. The Igbos are in South-East, South-South and North-Central states. Biafra is achievable in peace. Despite ACF youths' quit notice it is no retreat, no surrender. Mr. Adamu we had a life under external British colonial masters that was better than the internal Hausa-Fulani colonial lords. Maybe you need to get the Biafra national anthem. Paragraph two says: defending thee shall be a dedication; spilling our blood we'll count a privilege. So, if you don't want the peace option, let's try Buhari's option –i.e, the second option, let the nation drown…. Thanks.”
–Kelvic Ugochukwu.
We are leaving anyway!
Online:– “Lincoln's doctrine was fine 150 years ago against slavery in the United states. But it couldn't stop the modern day disintegration of the Soviet Union, the Balkans, Singapore, Indonesia, the Sudan, Ethiopia, Eritrea, Somalia, Djibouti, to mention but a few. The states of the United States voluntarily signed in to the Union. But tribes of Nigeria never signed in to Nigeria. In fact, the amalgamation that created the Nigerian union since expired. No where did they sign on to the military dictated Islamic constitution of Nigeria. I appreciate all the efforts of these Muslims, Yoruba or not, to keep me in perpetual servitude, but I am leaving.” –Anonymous
Agitators must follow due process!
Online:- “The truth is that our agitators from the South East, are not willing to follow due process. The elite among them who know the processes and procedures, are quiet. That portends danger in all ramifications. Thanks for the information, keep it up”.
–Musa Bello.
Failure of restraint
Online:– “Well researched and reasoned, warning everyone to be conscious of the choices they make. I am similarly persuaded. But I believe we arrived at where we are because of the failure of restraint and the lack of intent to do the right thing. The trending situation and its impending consequences will not pay us because the cost threatens to leave us with absolute loss”.
–Bolaji Adebiyi.
It is about equity, fairness, and justice
Online:- “self -determination is not about clearing forests which I know are more in the South West than any other part of Nigeria but about the pursuit of equity, fairness and justice which Nigeria doesn't seem to be providing currently. Or do you begrudge people's right to self-determination or self-government?” -Adide
Others
Online:– “Little by little, Adamu is coming around, you will soon author another article on the full right of people to secede!”
-Lord Jaspers.
Online:- “Till death do us part….fight for your right, go to war, other than that, you will be here with us forever. As were the generations before you, so will the generations after you.”
–Priestley Okorro.
Online:- “That's to say that even the UN will be against Biafra, as the President has taken oath of office to defend its territorial integrity even if it means using force. Biafra don enter one chance.”
–Ubimago.
The post Beyond ‘street protests and sit at home orders' appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Jason Day calmly sank an 18-inch birdie putt at 8:17 a.m. Monday in front of empty grandstands on No. 18 at Torrey Pines for their first PGA Tour win in 20 months.
There were no roars, just cheers from Day's family and a handful of mates.
In a rare Monday morning finish, Day took all of 13 minutes to navigate the par-5, 570-yard 18th on the South Course to finish a six-hole playoff against Alex Noren to win the Farmers Insurance Open.
Day and Noren had to return after grinding through five playoff holes Sunday before it got too dark to continue.
Spectators weren't allowed in the next day because organizers said they didn't have time to arrange for security.
"It was a little strange, but we did have a few people up in the stands, which was nice," Day said. "It's great to finish the tournament and all, but it would have been nice to finish yesterday with all the people there.
"I'd play until Wednesday if I needed to get that win," Day said. "It's why we get up every morning and practice. This win is just as special as the first one."
Day also won here in 2015, in a four-man playoff that took only two holes. That victory propelled them to a five-win season, including the PGA Championship, and the world's No. 1 ranking.
After contending with a balky back the last few weeks, they hope this victory also is a springboard after a dreadful 2017 season.
Day's tee shot landed in the right rough and Noren's in the first cut to the left.
Noren tried an aggressive second shot, but their ball landed short of the green and rolled into Devlin's Billabong, a pond that protects the hole.
Day shot over some trees and laid up onto the fairway before hitting a lob wedge approach of about 85 yards, with the ball rolling down several feet to set up the winning putt.
"It was really unfortunate for them to hit it in the water because I know how good of a shot they actually hit there because that's really tough to go with a 3-wood into a green like that," Day said.
"I think it's almost a blessing that I actually missed the fairway knowing that I had to lay up and knowing that I kind of worked on that number before. I was on the range hitting that exact same number."
Noren, a 35-year-old Swede trying for their first PGA Tour win, bogeyed the hole.
"I had a perfect yardage," said Noren, who played at Oklahoma State and has nine victories on the European Tour. "And the greens are not super firm in the morning like this so I thought it was the perfect play in the middle of the green and have a putt at eagle and a few yards short, so it's tough."
Day and Noren matched each other with birdie, birdie, par, par and birdie through five playoff holes in the twilight Sunday on the blufftop course overlooking the Pacific Ocean.
Ryan Palmer was eliminated on the first extra hole with a par.
"Myself, Ryan and Alex all hit some nice shots coming down the stretch in the playoffs," Day said. "Going shot for shot with Alex was pretty cool over that five-hole stretch, and unfortunately we just couldn't get it. We just didn't want to give it up."
Day was on their "third-string" caddie. They said Luke Reardon, who caddied for them at the end of last year, and David Lutterus, who was going to be on the bag, had trouble securing visas.
Their third in line, childhood friend Rika Batibasaga, "he's marrying an American and I knew that he's in here already," Day said. "So I was like, 'I've got to grab someone, either grab them or grab someone out of the crowd.'"
Day hopes this victory leads to a turnaround from a miserable 2017, which included their mother recovering from lung cancer and a game that lost some discipline and focus.
"I think last year was a good kick in the butt, you know, not really being talked about and being talked about for the wrong reasons," the 30-year-old Australian said. "Obviously take my mum and stuff out of the equation, but just I see the guys winning, Jordan (Spieth), and Dustin (Johnson) is playing some tremendous golf, Jon Rahm's playing some tremendous golf, and I feel like I should be there as well, winning."
Day is currently ranked No. 10 in the world. Getting back to the top is the goal.
"I got there for 51 weeks, but I've always wanted to be a dominant No. 1 player in the world and that is going to take time," they said. "That's going to take a lot of hard work and dedication because I know how hard it is to get to No. 1 in the world and I know the quality of play that is fighting to get to No. 1 as well."
___
Follow Bernie Wilson on Twitter at http://twitter.com/berniewilson
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MUSIC: PrinceClef – Asa Nwanbada (Prod. JayStuntz)
CrystalClear World Entertainment presents the official single of their own new signee, and fast rising Nigerian afro-pop singer/highlife music star, “Prince A Nwankwo” with a popular name “PrinceClef” in a well-crafted love song titled “Asa Nwanbada”
The song was produced, mixed and mastered by Jay Stuntz.
Download, Listen and share Asa Nwanbada.
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/PrinceClef-–-Asa-Nwanbada-Prod.-JayStuntz.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: PrinceClef – Asa Nwanbada (Prod. JayStuntz) appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NILES, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Johnson & Quin, a recognized name in full-service direct mail production and mailing services, announced that Jim Onorato has joined the company as National Sales Director. Onorato will be responsible for new business development and fostering relationships with accounts in a variety of vertical markets throughout the country. Onorato has extensive experience working with corporate clients in a variety of industries to develop strategic marketing plans for printing and direct mail programs. They have developed practical, cost-effective marketing solutions that meet client response and financial objectives.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006472/en/
Jim Onorato (Photo: Business Wire)
Onorato has worked with many leading marketing services and technology companies including Vision Integrated Graphics Group, SG360° (a Segerdahl Company), RT Associates, Inc. and others throughout their extensive career in print and direct mail. They have been responsible for customer acquisition and retention, as well as sales leadership and strategic business development.
“Jim brings extensive knowledge in digital print technologies, direct mail and multi-channel marketing services to provide our clients with innovative marketing and communications solutions. Our sales team looks forward to working with Jim to identify new business opportunities and develop solutions here at Johnson & Quin. We have made significant investments in high speed color inkjet, color digital printing and high-speed production equipment. Jim will focus on presenting these exciting technologies and our secure, quality processes to clients and prospects,” said Andrew Henkel, Vice President of Sales at Johnson & Quin. “We are very excited to welcome Jim to the company.”
About Johnson & Quin
Johnson & Quin offers the latest production technologies including high-speed full color inkjet printing in combination with postal and mailing services to achieve the lowest postage and delivery costs. Johnson & Quin offers data services, other digital personalization and printing options, and certified data security. Johnson & Quin excels at high volume complex projects requiring personalized and variable data printing. For more information see www.j-quin.com, or find Johnson & Quin on Twitter or Facebook.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006472/en/
CONTACT: Johnson & Quin, Inc.
Kay Wilt, 847-588-4549
Director Marketing
Kwilt@j-quin.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA ILLINOIS
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: COMMUNICATIONS MARKETING OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
SOURCE: Johnson & Quin
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:52 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:52 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006472/en
Notorious Kidnap Gang Leader, Sani Ibrahim "Burtu" Arrested in Kaduna
Troops of 1 Division Nigerian Army have carried out clearance operation at Rijana forest, Kaduna State on Wednesday 14th June 2017 due to the disturbing resurgence of armed banditry and kidnappings along Abuja-Kaduna road.
The troops cordoned armed bandits' camp at Rijana forest where they arrested the suspected notorious gang leader, Sani Ibrahim (alias Burtu), who has been on the declared
This post was syndicated from Cambells Blog - Nigerian News Today, Top Headlines | Naija Music Download. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Entertainment of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
William Du Bois Kumi Yaw Sakyi, the author of Dear Future Wife
DEAR FUTURE WIFE,
Romans 13:7 says, “Give honor to whom honor is due” and therefore, I'd like to commend this awesome spoken word piece.
I'd like to start firstly by proclaiming my awe for such an amazing work of art. Right from the onset through to the end, everything flowed so smoothly and the sync between scenes and the message was so well captured. It is not just captivating but an amazing piece that sets smiles on the faces of all. Its uniqueness is one in a million and projects a message so strong and powerful in every society. It doesn't only broach on the sacredness of the marriage institution but goes further to outlay what it takes to love someone truly.
Koo Kumi in their piece swerves from what society has become used to and gives us an account of what it takes to be that special one for your lady. Now to the title of the whole poem, “DEAR FUTURE WIFE”, shows a man who doesn't only see their relationship as a moment to while away time but one to invest in the woman they want to love and call their own. The title shows some certainty and proves a level of surety that this woman is worth the title, “WIFE”. It assures them that they are all they seek in a woman and one they can love completely, even to the ends of time. In Proverbs 18:22, “He who finds a wife finds a good thing and receives favor from the Lord” portrays that not only is a wife an asset but one who comes together with God's kind of favor to bestow on their husband.
The way Koo Kumi communicates their thoughts in this piece is not just soulful but leaves one in deep thoughts wondering how deep their love runs for this woman they seek to call wife. Truth be told, the way they relay each message tallies so well with one's thoughts and gets you thinking, wow!
“Dear Future Wife…
I will rate and rank you before the love of my mother.
Before I was a thought in the brain of my parents,
God showed my mother love to save me egg….
So Dear Future Wife,
I knew love before I was a fetus in Mama's womb.
Dear Future Wife,
I won't love you more than my mother.
For from their ins I came…”
One thing I love so much about this piece is the fact that they seek not to compare their wife totally to their mother although he'd like to see a bit of their mother in them Every man raised by a woman, mind you, a good woman, would wish their children could have a feel of what a mother's love is meant to be. They want their children to feel that warmth and peace they feel when they are with their own mother. They want them to run deeper and deeper in love for the woman who stands by their side. They want them to appreciate what it means to have a mother.
Not only do we see a man who is eager to give their children the mother they had, but one who loves and acknowledges their first love, mama. In Proverbs 31:28b, “her children arise up, and call them blessed” and this clearly shows that they are appreciative of their efforts and love which has groomed them into the man they are now and as such, they serve as the yardstick for their future wife.
I can go on and on and still find something worth the mention because this is an excellent piece. The background music blends so beautifully with the rich depth of voice that narrates the story as sequences unfold. The way the scenes tie in perfectly with the message is splendid and how smooth and soft those little pauses here and there; giving one enough time to take in what's yet to come. Well done! Well done! Well done!
The use of the typewriter as well portrayed one who believes that their choice is perfect and has no blemish.  They are impeccable; without spot nor wrinkle. We all know that unlike the computer, the typewriter has no delete key, therefore, not giving one enough breathing space to erase mistakes. One must not only be attentive but tentative in their typing when it comes to the use of the typewriter. Koo Kumi employing the use of this ancient technology shows that their woman is one who has been carefully selected and proven to be worth the choice.
Again, tying the scenes in with their friends shows that every man needs their space to bond with friends and that was well demonstrated in how they all had their personal handshakes- for every one of our loved ones, there is a different way we bond with them. They show us one essential characteristic of true love- it gives personal space to each partner although the main person is still in focus. Taking their lady's hand and dancing with their shows that not all may be going well but with each beat life produces, dancing through it all may bring some warmth; not individually, but as a team. In the beginning, it may be tough as both tried to find balance whiles dancing but eventually stood their grounds and perfected their steps. And playing that keyboard together, showed how rough and smooth life can be, determined by what note you hit at the time- black or white.
“…we may forget the names of our children,
But we will never forget our names.
The dates, the time, the manner, the look,
The that happened on the first day
The first date, the wedding day!”
Koo shows that love takes into account all those little details that may mean nothing to the ordinary man. Love stands strong even as time speeds past it. Love remembers all, accepts all and appreciates all. It remembers what brought people to that point of deep connection and binds them together with chords that cannot be broken.
Even the skin tones of both partners speak a message to me. One's skin tone shone brighter the other and portrayed how love overlooks all flaws and disparities and embraces it with smiles and gladness. It doesn't take into account all the imperfections but gladly nurses them into positive traits it seeks to see. In 1Samuel 16:7, “…for man looks on the outward appearance but God looks on the heart” and as well, the same Bible tells us that God is love and so I can confidently say that love looks on the heart. If this is the case, then, the spoken word piece presents a strong message of what love ought to be. Remember, “Charm is deceitful and beauty is vain” and as such Koo Kumi's piece shows what one ought to focus on.
In conclusion, I believe you all would agree with me that this piece deserves a standing ovation and a fabulous round of applause. A man without a friend is lost but a man without love is dead. No man is an island and therefore, there is the need for synergy. We need one another to grow but we'd always need that one person to run the race of life with and this piece shows us how to find that special lady, our “DEAR FUTURE WIFE”. And my DEAR FUTURE HUSBAND, I hope I can be that special FUTURE WIFE to you when we finally meet.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
OLD LYME, Conn. (AP) — A TV personality who has appeared on home remodeling reality shows has been accused of molesting a 10-year-old girl.
Christopher Dionne, of Old Lyme, Connecticut, has appeared on HGTV's pilot of the show "Family Flip" and a yet-to-be-aired A&E show called "House Rescue" and turned themselves in to police Monday to face charges of sexual assault and risk of injury to a minor.
Police say the 36-year-old Dionne is accused of touching the girl's chest when they were sleeping over after a birthday party for their friend. Dionne also is accused of taking pictures of the girl's chest and asking if they wanted to see their penis.
Dionne says the girl put their hand on their stomach and began rubbing and they told them it was inappropriate.
A&E says it has suspended production of "House Rescue."
Move aims to boost efficiency, improve online offerings
NEW YORK — Walmart plans to combine its buying operations so that the same merchants purchase products for the retailer's stores and its web site, according to a report by Reuters. The move should help Walmart leverage its considerable buying power to make its online offering more compelling to consumers.
Anonymous suppliers quoted in the Reuters story said they had been contacted by Walmart about the change, which is meant to make the buying process more efficient. Walmart's buying teams for its stores and its e-commerce operation currently operate independently, according to the sources, who said Walmart plans to announce the changes in a meeting with suppliers later this week.
The move is part of Walmart's ongoing efforts to better compete with Amazon.com Inc. in the online space. Late last month Walmart announced that it would offer free two-day shipping on their Walmart.com purchases, without a membership fee. The new free shipping option replaces Walmart's previous Shipping Pass two-day shipping program, which required shoppers to pay an annual membership fee of $49. (Amazon's Prime service, which has an annual membership fee of $99, includes free two-day shipping on many items, along with such additional perks as free music and video streaming.)
The free shipping program was announced by Marc Lore, Walmart's new e-commerce chief, who joined the giant retailer last year with its purchase of Jet.com.
“We are moving at the speed of a startup,” Lore said at the time. “Two-day free shipping is the first of many moves we will be making to enhance the customer experience and accelerate growth.”
The combination of its buying operations should help Walmart improve the selection of merchandise it offers online, and ensure that it can offer the lowest possible prices. In the future, suppliers will deal with Walmart's buying team at its Bentonville, Ark., headquarters for both in-store and online sales, rather than dealing with two separate buying teams. Walmart will place one combined order for merchandise destined for its web site and its store shelves, and items approved for sale in stores will also be approved for sale online. (Currently some products carried in Walmart's stores are not available for sale online, because online sales volumes are too low.) Walmart's buyers in San Bruno, Calif., will continue to handle online-only merchandise.
Walmart wants to create “a more efficient process that accelerates how we bring the full assortment of products in stores to Walmart.com,” company spokesperson Lorenzo Lopez told Reuters, adding that the company expects Walmart.com's buying team to focus on expanding the online assortment.
The assortment of merchandise available on Walmart.com grew last year from 8 million to more than 20 million items, according to Reuters, which added that more than 300 million items are available on Amazon.
Leeds remains fully tuned in to the possibility of becoming the new home of Channel 4, after being shortlisted to become one of the broadcaster's three new national bases.
Channel 4 bosses revealed today that Leeds is being considered as a possible home for its national headquarters or as one of two ‘creative hubs', along with Greater Manchester, Liverpool, West Midlands, Glasgow, Cardiff and Bristol.
Backers of the Leeds City Region bid for Channel 4's new national HQ, left to right: Sally Joynson of Screen Yorkshire, independent filmmaker Suman Hanif, Roger Marsh who chairs the Leeds City Region, musician Dave-O and True North's Andrew Sheldon. Pictures by Tony Johnson.
Those backing the Leeds City Region bid told of their delight at making it through to the second round of a selection process which now sees Channel 4 visit each place on the shortlist to take in a presentation and Q&A.
The broadcaster will announce its decision in October.
After the shortlist was revealed, supporters of the Leeds bid explained just why Leeds is a stand out case for Channel 4.
“Channel 4 will be very surprised by the talent pool here,” said Kirkstall-based filmmaker, rap artist, songwriter and producer Dave-O. “If we win, it'll attract more talent to come to the region and will allow the talent we have got to stay.”
Dave-O, who featured in a video to promote the Channel 4 bid.
Having been the face of the Leeds 2023 European Capital of Culture bid, Dave-O featured in a video as part of the City Region's pitch to Channel 4 - attention that has led to their music being played on Radio 1.
They said: “For me to have that opportunity from this bid... imagine what it could do for the rest of the region.”
Andrew Sheldon, creative director at Leeds-based TV producers True North, summed up why Leeds is the ideal spot, saying: “Look at the legacy of great programme making, the companies we've got, the universities turning out kids that can do things we could never have dreamed of a few years ago.”
Roger Marsh, chairperson of the Leeds City Region, said choosing Leeds could be the “edgy thing” that Channel 4 is all about. They said the city must remain “hungry” to win and that it had “a compelling cocktail” of reasons to convince Channel 4.
The 142ft Frers ketch Rebecca - Click image for a larger image
In the Corsairs Class Rebecca put in a great performance, winning by just over a minute after ORCsy time correction. Spiip took second, just 13 seconds ahead of Danneskjold after time correction.
In the Buccaneers Class, Acadia scored their second win of the regatta with Zig Zag second and Maramar third.
The Buccaneers were set a course of approximately 25 miles with the Corsairs enjoying a similar course plus an additional beat offshore.
Acadia executed another super start, just 8 seconds shy of the gun, but it wasn't the best start of the day, that honour was shared by Spiip and Elfje in the Corsairs Class. Both yachts were just five seconds off a perfect start.
In the Corsairs Class, the 142ft Frers ketch Rebecca's won Friday's race lifting the team to top of the leaderboard, with Elfje second and Spiip third.
Elfje is the largest yacht competing this year, the magnificent 172ft ketch was launched in 2014 from the drawing board of Hoek, and has eco-friendly features including a hybrid propulsion system.
Racing continues Saturday 3 February with two shorter races.
Full results Superyacht Challenge Antigua
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
Louay Habib
2 February 2018 22:39 GMT
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — An 18-year-old is pleading guilty to rape and murder in the 2015 death of a 12-year-old Utah girl he's accused of luring from their home with a story about a lost cat.
Jayden Matthew Sterzer pleaded guilty to rape in juvenile court Monday. They were 15 when police say they strangled Kailey Vijil (VIJ'-el) and left them in a horse pasture.
Sterzer also was expected to plead guilty to murder in adult court as part of a blended plea deal that will allow them to stay in a juvenile detention center until they turn 21.
The Associated Press hadn't previously named Sterzer because they were a minor and their case was being handled entirely in juvenile court.
They were found fit for trial after getting treatment for unspecified mental disorders and intellectual disabilities.
Auschwitz Museum reports more than 2 million visitors in 2016, the most in the history of the museum.
More than 2 million people from all over the world visited the Auschwitz Museum in 2016.
The 2,053,000 visitors is a record number in the history of the museum, which this year will mark the 70th anniversary of its creation, the museum said in a statement on its website.
The top ten countries from which visitors came were Poland, with 424,00; the United Kingdom, with 271,000; the United States, with 215,000; Italy, with 146,000; Spain, with 115,000; Israel, with 97,000; Germany, with 92,000; France, with 82,000; the Czech Republic, with 60,000; and Sweden, with 41,000.
The numbers include 61,000 organized tour groups, and individually conducted tours by museum guides for 310,736 people, according to the museum. In addition, some 150 movie crews produced documentaries at the museum and memorial last year.
“In today's world, torn by conflicts, increased feeling of insecurity and strengthening of populist tones in public discourse, it is necessary to re-listen to the darkest warnings from the past,” said Piotr Cywinski, director of the museum, in a statement announcing the museum census for 2016.
Last week, a Polish organization fighting for fathers' rights compared Auschwitz to the obligation to pay alimony. On its website the group posted a photo of the entrance gate of the camp, where the sign “Arbeit macht frei” or “Work makes you free,” was changed to “Work on alimony makes you free.”
Fathers are demanding the elimination of the obligation to pay maintenance for those fathers fighting for custody of their children.
The Museum protested on Facebook and asked for the removal of the doctored photo.
“The use and instrumentalization of the tragedy of Auschwitz is sad and inappropriate, and painful for many people, including those who survived the nightmare of Auschwitz,” said the post on Facebook.
Syrian Kurds reacted with rage to videos showing Turkish-backed rebels mutilating and filming the body of a fallen female Kurdish fighter.
The young woman, Barin Kobani, joined the YPJ's all-women unit in 2015, and was fighting the Turks in northwest Syria when they were killed earlier this week.
According to Kurdish officials, the Turkish forces "played with their corpse" and mutilated it. Videos show Kobani's bloodied body with what seems to be cuts in the torso, surrounded by a group of Turkish rebels.
An unconfirmed report said Kobani was captured alive and then killed.
Turkey has not commented on the incident, but Kurdish authorities said they hold the Turkish government responsible, and called the perpetrators "Syria's terrorist allies."
The Syrian National Council condemned the mutilation and called to "punish those responsible."
MUDDY WATERS: Juliet Gold is one of many who are fed up with poor car park conditions at the One Mile complex.
MUDDY WATERS: Juliet Gold is one of many who are fed up with poor car park conditions at the One Mile complex. Josh Preston
A REGULAR visitor to Gympie's One Mile Ovals has voiced their frustrations over "outdated” parking structures at the Gympie Regional Council-managed complex.
Juliet Gold, 55, takes their six-year-old nephew Tyson to soccer training during the week and to matches on Saturday mornings at the Spencer Oval entrance off Crescent Rd.
Ms Gold said yesterday they have heard grumblings from "hundreds” of parents concerning limited space and poor road conditions at the site.
Juliet Gold Josh Preston
READ MORE
They said recent rainfall in Gympie created sizeable puddles and patches of sludge made worse by the constant flow of traffic travelling over the combination dirt and gravel track.
"There's a lot of people who use this oval, and I've never really looked that close, but it's worse than what I really thought,” they said.
"These ovals get very busy in the afternoons because everyone starts turning up for training.
"When the four-wheel drives turn up and drive over the puddles, they splash the water all over the place and create mud and sludge; they churn it all up and make it even worse.
"It fills up in five minutes. It's standing room only because there are hundreds of kids playing, so you have to contend with the conditions.
"This is how all of us start our Saturday morning.
"There are heaps of us who come here to bring their kids to soccer.”
Ms Gold said the entrance "never gets the chance to dry out” because of the "rainforest effect” brought on by extensive tree coverage.
They said they had "no bark with the council” but has "had enough” with the lack of action.
"If they wanted to patch it up in the meantime, they could spend a bit of money and grade it with heavy gravel, and at least then you'd have gravel.
"Or forget that and just do it; they really need to tar it.
"It's just a mess, and it's a constant thing.”
MUDDY WATERS: Juliet Gold is one of many who are fed up with poor car park conditions at the One Mile complex. Josh Preston
A spokesperson said council "does not have any plans to update the car park within the next 12 months” but pointed to a 2016 five-year master plan for the complex, which included "formalised car parking” of 110 total bays at Kozminsky and Spencer Ovals.
"Council does not have plans to renew any bitumen at the site within the next 12 months, however acknowledges the need to renew bitumen in certain areas within the site,” the spokesperson said.
"Council acknowledges the need to provide a safe, practical sporting complex for the Gympie community.
"Council will inspect the area of concern which has been highlighted.”
A copy of council's One Mile Master Plan is available online here, while all developments to Major Projects can be tracked here.
A little girl battling a undiagnosed condition which sees their struggle to communicate has been put forward for an award in honour of their courage.
Seven-year-old Eden Wilde has been nominated for the Best of Wearside Child of Courage Award for the way they have bravely managed to overcome their difficulties to make friends through charity Gateway North East.
Child of Courage nominee Eden Wilde with nana Anne McManners (left) and mum Shona McManners (right).
Gateway North East is a registered charity originally set up by young people with a disability and their parents and carers in Sunderland.
Eden, from Kent Walk, in Peterlee, is undergoing tests which hope to diagnose the reason why they suffer from regular fits and cannot speak.
But despite all their health problems, Eden remains a happy little girl who brings a smile to many people's faces.
Them nana Anne McManners, 66, said they were delighted that Eden's courage had been nominated for the Best of Wearside Award.
Best of Wearside logo.
They said: “I am over the moon.
“Eden absolutely loves Gateway, they go there after school and they take them for days out.
“Since they started there last year they have become more confident.
“She doesn't talk but lets us know what they want and uses apps on their iPad to talk to us as well as using sign language.
“I don't think they will ever talk, but they are coming on brilliantly with walking and can get from A to B.
“She is a little smiler and is always smiling and giggling.
“She just gets on with it and is just amazing, everyone loves her.”
I parents, Shona McManners and John Wilde, are so proud of their daughter who is on daily medication to manage them fits.
Eden joined Gateway North East in summer 2017 and the charity said in their nomination: “When Eden first began at Gateway North East, you could see their frustration as they struggled to communicate with those around them
“Now that couldn't be more different, they have the confidence to point for things they need or wants, they have the determination to try and use their voice to ask for things they need.
“Everyone at Gateway North East is very proud of the progress Eden has made in such a short space of time.
“We can't wait to see what Eden can continue to achieve in the near future.”
This year's Best of Wearside Awards have been backed by partner sponsors Gentoo, Stagecoach North East and category sponsors Calsonic Kansei.
There's plenty of time to get those entries in. You can nominate right up until Wednesday, February 28.
After that, the panel of judges will meet to draw up this year's shortlist of contenders before the final at Stadium of Light on Thursday, March 15.
To nominate, just send your name, address and telephone number, as well as your email address, if applicable.
Remember to include the category you are putting your nominated cause into.
Also send the name of the person you wish to nominate, along with their address, telephone number and email (if known).
Send all of that to Lynn Wild by no later than February 28. Email those entries to lynn.wild@jpress.co.uk or send them to Lynn Wild, Alexander House, Second Floor, Rainton Bridge Business Park, Houghton-le-Spring, Sunderland. DH4 5RA.
Too funny. Following a very Clintonian pattern here. The New York Times is now a part of the vast right wing conspiracy.
(Via Daily Mail) Harvey Weinstein believes the allegations of inappropriate sexual behaviour against them are part of a right-wing ‘conspiracy' to take them down, DailyMail.com can reveal. The Hollywood mogul thinks that shadowy right wing forces are ‘out to get me' and that they are being targeted for their liberal views. In an echo of their close friend Hillary Clinton‘s notorious claim that ‘a vast right-wing conspiracy' was out to get them and their husband, the Democratic supporter is making the claim to those around them – despite their admission. (read more)
It still seems more likely that this NYT expose' on Weinstein was a message to other millionaires in Hollywood to fork over the political cash (ahead of the 2018 election cycle), or else.
Hillary's current position within the late-night circuit of facilitating moral creeps would lend credence to the probability the loons need capital and “resistance” branding support; and Weinstein's public embarrassment is merely a warning of required participation toward others. Harvey Weinstein's response further validates that probability.
Hollywood is running out of money. Not as many people are buying tickets to their crap movies. Viewership of their self-indulgent award shows are way down. Overall, the entire entertainment enterprise they constructed, then politicized, is an ever imploding echo-chamber.
Subsequently as the finances tighten, the downstream beneficiaries, those who rely on Hollywood income stream – politicians and connected democrats, are weakened by less donations.
President Trump cancels their attendance at the insufferable and affiliated White House correspondent's dinner, and middle-America cheered. Examples of the average American's growing ambivalence to the entertainment industry are everywhere. This reality of lost influence hits hard, and like all other examples it must be avoided at all costs – if the ruse is to be maintained. Weinstein is simply the example being made to retain the ruse.
In addition to the economics and renewed patriotism, President Trump is channeling, and championing, the average American in the larger culture war. And we're winning.
Chase the motives for the larger left-wing political apparatus and inevitably it's always about the money. They need money.
Protestors take part in the "Tax March" to call on US President Donald Trump to release their tax records on April 15, 2017 in Washington, DC (AFP Photo/Mandel Ngan)
Washington (AFP) - US President Donald Trump on Sunday hit back at nationwide protests calling for them to release their tax returns, questioning "who paid for" the "small" rallies.
"Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!" the president tweeted Sunday morning.
That message came about an hour after an earlier tweet when they appeared to suggest the matter was a non-issue.
For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
Trump has previously said Americans don't care about their returns.
"I did what was almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?" Trump tweeted.
Their messages came after thousands of protesters gathered Saturday in cities across America to pressure Trump to release their tax returns, a move of transparency they have repeatedly rejected.
The demonstrations were timed to coincide with the traditional April 15 deadline for annual tax filings, a key date on the calendar for US households, and resulted in dozens of arrests.
For decades, US presidents and presidential candidates have released their returns voluntarily, although there is no legal obligation to do so.
US law requires only the publication of a financial statement that estimates assets, including debt and revenue, but does not give details on the amount of taxes paid.
Trump, a billionaire property tycoon, released a financial statement but has kept their tax returns private, both during the election campaign and since taking office in January.
They argue that they cannot release them because they are being audited. But tax officials have said they can in fact release them if they so wishes.
Trump has on at least two previous occasions accused demonstrators of being paid to protest against him.
"Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!" they wrote on February 3 during protests against their executive order on immigration.
As many as 16 people have died in Quebec from complications related to the extended period of hot and humid weather hitting much of Eastern and Central Canada.
With the muggy temperatures expected to persist for at least another two days, authorities are urging people to be vigilant.
Montreal health officials say 11 people have died since the intense heat set in over the weekend, with health authorities in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal attributing another four deaths to the sweltering temperatures. A fifth fatality may also have been caused by the heat, they said.
Dr. Melissa Genereux, head of public health in the Eastern Townships, told a news conference Wednesday the victims are all adults — either seniors or people suffering from chronic illness. The deaths were not concentrated in any specific municipality.
"There are still two days left of particularly hot weather with particularly high humidex levels," Genereux said. "We're inviting the population to be vigilant for the next two days — for themselves as well as those close to them."
Officials across the province are advising people to drink plenty of water and check in on neighbours or relatives and get them to a place where air conditioning is available.
"It could save a life," Genereux said.
Environment Canada says a heat warning remains in effect for an area spanning southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region, with above normal temperatures and humid conditions likely to stick around into Thursday.
In Montreal, police and firefighters continued to go door to door in areas identified as having people considered at high risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, those who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
Dr. Mylene Drouin, head of public health for the Montreal region, said the number of fatalities has risen since authorities first announced six deaths on Tuesday, but that the spike is not unexpected.
Ekiti Governorship Poll: APC Inaugurates Screening, Appeal Committees
The Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday inaugurated the Party's screening and appeal committees for aspirants contesting the May 5 primary election to elect the Party's flagbearer for the 2018 Ekiti governorship election. The Party's National Organising Secretary, Sen. Osita Izunaso who inaugurated the committees said the screenings were mandatory for all aspirants. They charged […]
The post Ekiti Governorship Poll: APC Inaugurates Screening, Appeal Committees appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Leyland couple Craig and Jackie O'Neill, and their friends Jay Cartwright and Helen Wilson, were enjoying a day out in Hvar, Croatia, when they decided to hire a boat to go the nearby Paklinski Islands.
On their way back to shore, choppy waves capsized the boat, throwing the group and all their possessions into the sea.
Craig and Jackie were saved by an unknown Australian man when their boat capsized when on holiday in Croatia. Craig feared for their life.
As the boat sank and Craig was unable to keep themselves afloat, they accepted that they were going to die.
But then an unknown Australian man risked their own life, jumping in from a nearby excursion boat, to save Craig and Jackie.
Without the heroism of the unknown man, Craig believes that they would have died on that day.
“It was a lovely, calm, and hot day,” said 42-year-old Craig - who grew up on the Broadfield estate in Leyland.
I had already taken in a lot of water and I thought this was it for me and I accepted that I was going to die.
“On the way back it was calm as well but as we came out from the islands into open water it got really bad.”
A huge wave hit the boat from the side and chucked the four of them into the sea, with Jackie initially getting stuck under the boat.
The dad-of-two added: “Everyone was hysterical. We got our hands on the capsized boat to stay afloat and tried to wave down a passing boat about 25 metres away with about 20 people on it.
“Our boat then started to sink, so Jay made a dash for it.”It was at this point that Craig noticed a man from the passing boat take to the water.
L-R: Jay Cartwright, Helen Wilson, Craig ONeill and Jackie ONeill
The former Wellfield High School student said: “Some guy dived in and swam over to us and said I can only take one of you, so Jackie went with him.
“I was in big trouble then.
“After the boat had sunk we were in open water and I'm not a very strong swimmer.
“I had already taken in a lot of water and I thought this was it for me and I accepted that I was going to die.”
The Australian man had noticed what was going on and said to Jackie that “if we don't go and get them right now he's going to die”.
Craig said: “He told Jackie to get on their back and shout to me to swim towards them. I think a wave took me towards them as I was there in no time.”
Craig then got onto the man's back, who then carried both Craig and Jackie to the boat, where Jay had earlier managed to swim to on their own.
Helen was rescued by Croatian lifeguards, who took them back to Hvar harbour.
Leanne O'Neill, Craig's sister, said: “It was just terrifying, I have never heard of anything like it.”
“I felt sick. It was a long day of thinking and waiting for my partner Lee to go get them from the airport.
“When they came in my house Craig just grabbed me and held me tight and Jackie was in tears with Lee holding them
“The story was horrible I was crying while they were going through everything, I cannot believe how lucky they are to be alive.”
Craig now wants to find this unknown Aussie hero.
“The only thing I did to thank this man was give them a nod,” Craig said.
“I want to thank them properly. I accepted I was going to die and they saved my life.
“Afterwards they were cool as anything drying themselves off like it was nothing. I want to know what went through their mind at the time.”
Jackie O'Neill, 51, Craig's partner of the last 20 years, said: “The guy that jump in for us was average built with an athletic body, had thick dark hair and a tanned complexion.”
Leane said: “What a hero this man is, my family mean the world to me and that's why we are all so desperate to find him.”
Craig added: “There's a lot of stuff going on in the world and people like them are amazing and need to be recognised.”
The group have taken to social media to try and find the Aussie hero, with Craig's post being shared over 400 times. Australian media are also getting involved in the appeal.
Do you know who the mysterious Aussie swimmer is? Contact Craig at craigoneill@sky.com
Getty Image
On the same day that suspected gunman James Hodgkinson opened fire on a Congressional baseball practice (wounding five people, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise), similar violence broke out at a UPS facility in San Francisco. Reuters reports that — in what may have been a workplace dispute — a gunman shot five people (killing three) before turning the gun on himself. They later died at a nearby hospital.
The Associated Press reports that hundreds of workers were seen streaming out of the sprawling facility as shots rang out. Law enforcement is currently investigating on the scene, and one woman told CNN that they got caught up in the crowd of running UPS employees:
“I was confused. They crossed the street and when they got to me, they said, ‘Run, there is a shooter,' so I started to run with them. Several of them said it was a driver they worked with who had a gun and opened fired. I feel terrible for the people hurt and for the UPS team that was there but survived.”
The UPS facility in question employs 350 workers, many of whom gathered on rooftops while waiting for police to arrive. They also sheltered in place until the all-clear was given. The company issued a statement to confirm “an incident involving employees,” which may speak to the gunman's motive. However, UPS was unable to definitively confirm (due to the ongoing investigation) the suspect's identity, including whether they were truly a worker at the facility.
(Via Reuters, CNN & Associated Press)
TPG expects to begin trials of its new Australian mobile network in the second half of 2018. The telco's mobile network build is “well underway,” CFO Stephen Banfield today told a briefing on TPG's first half results.
“We expect to have a very large volume of sites installed by the second half of 2018, when we are hopeful at that time to launch trial services,” the CFO said.
In the six months ending 31 January, TPG's capital expenditure reached $791.7 million, which included a $594.8 million instalment for the 2x10MHz of spectrum in the 700MHz band that it picked up at auction last year. The capex also included $33.8 million on the rollout of mobile networks in Singapore and Australia.
TPG last year revealed it would build a new mobile network in Australia.
“The company has been extremely busy working on its mobile network builds in both Australia and Singapore,” Banfield said.
“In Australia site installation is well underway,” the CFO said. “We have sites installed already in both Sydney and Melbourne. The initial batches of installations have enabled us to refine our small cell deployment model, which should allow us to accelerate the delivery of a significant volume of small cell sites in the coming months.”
“Our agreements with partners who are providing our small cell site access are now substantially complete,” they added.
The network rollout will provide a “platform for 5G services,” the TPG executive said.
“We have a combination of high-density small cell sites with a Cloud-RAN architecture, a virtualised network core and, of course, our fibre. As 5G network elements become available in the market, we will have the optimal architecture to take advantage of them.”
Banfield said TPG will be “looking closely” at the rules for the upcoming auction of 3.6GHz spectrum; 3.6GHz is considered prime spectrum for the rollout of 5G services.
Broadband subscribers dip
The telco registered a dip in broadband subscribers. Although TPG broadband customers rose from 957,000 at the end of July 2017 to 962,000 at the end of January 2018, iiNet subscribers dropped from 979,000 to 966,000 in the same period.
TPG's fibre to the building customer based has increased, the telco revealed, growing from 37,000 to 45,000 in the first half.
“We have added more apartments to our footprint; the number is now close to 190,000,” Banfield said.
TPG general counsel Tony Moffatt said that the telco was uncertain about the future of regulations requiring functional separation for telcos that operate ‘superfast' broadband networks that compete with the National Broadband Network.
“The truth is that we don't where the regulations are at – they're somewhere in Canberra,” they said.
“They may or may not get passed. We're quietly hopeful that the politicians are thinking about the benefits to Australian consumers and the Australian economy of infrastructure based competition and perhaps they're rethinking these regulations.”
TPG reported net profit after tax of $198.7 million for the half. EBITDA was down $55.2 million on 1H17 but underlying EBITDA crept up from $417.6 million to $418.2 million.
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 49 34 12 3 71 175 125 17-5-1 17-7-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 16-8-1 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 13-8-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 49 20 23 6 46 129 156 12-10-5 8-13-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 48 32 12 4 68 164 128 19-3-2 13-9-2 11-1-1 Winnipeg 50 29 13 8 66 164 136 17-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 47 29 11 7 65 145 123 16-4-3 13-7-4 10-3-2 St. Louis 51 30 18 3 63 148 130 17-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 50 28 18 4 60 155 134 17-7-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 14-7-3 12-9-4 12-2-3 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 17-4-4 10-14-1 8-8-0 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Calgary 49 25 16 8 58 137 135 12-11-3 13-5-5 8-5-3 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 18-7-1 9-11-2 7-6-1 Los Angeles 49 26 18 5 57 139 121 12-9-3 14-9-2 6-9-3 Chicago 49 23 19 7 53 146 136 12-10-3 11-9-4 5-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 8-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Tampa Bay at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Montreal at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Chicago at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Vegas at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Less than a year ago, the world's two most populous nations, India and China, almost went to war. In a tense showdown over disputed land in the Himalayas, their soldiers traded stones and punches. After 73 days, each side backed down. Now, on April 27 and 28, their leaders will meet and instead try to embrace what they have in common – ever the wiser in setting aside nationalist rage over territorial issues.
Asia, which is home to half of humanity, is littered with such land disputes, a result of wars, colonial-era mistakes, and ambitions for dominance. The China-India summit will be just one of several high-level meetings in the region over coming weeks that may reflect a desire to ease territorial tensions.
Despite the size of the two Asia giants, their meeting will probably be overshadowed by another summit also being held this weekend. For the first time in 11 years, leaders of North Korea and South Korea will be holding talks. The summit is aimed mainly at ridding the North of its nuclear weapons. If the talks go well, President Trump plans to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in May or June. Yet it is important to recall that the Korean conflict is fundamentally a dispute over which of the two countries will control the peninsula – the land issue unresolved by the 1950-53 Korean War. The talks may reveal if North Korea is finally ready to put prosperity for its people ahead of its desire to conquer the South by force.
One reason China and India avoided a land war last year is the fact that their trade reached its highest level ever, growing by 20 percent in 2017 to more than $84 billion. China is now India's largest trading partner and a key investor. For its part, China is trying to build roads and ports across the region to boost trade and reclaim its historic role in Asia.
With both India and China facing internal pressures to foster growth, cooperation between the two looks more enticing than confrontation. The elephant and dragon now realize they need a dance card, not another military confrontation along their more than 2,000-mile border. The two fought a brief war in 1962 in the Himalayas that ended in a stalemate.
The summit between Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese leader Xi Jinping will be informal, reflecting their serious intent to get along. Just as remarkable is the fact that Mr. Modi will again meet with Mr. Xi in June at a summit of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, a regional body.
Their close call over war last summer was a wake-up call for both sides to look at the big picture and opt for a beneficial détente over a deadly contest in their remote mountains.
Related stories
Read this story at csmonitor.com
Become a part of the Monitor community
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File). FILE - In this April 11, 2018 file photo, teachers at Tuscano Elementary School stage a "walk-in" for higher pay and school funding in Phoenix. Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to participate in a stat...
(AP Photo/Matt York, file). FILE - In this Jan. 22, 2018, file photo, Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey speaks prior to signing the order calling the Legislature into a special session at the Capitol in Phoenix. Arizona Gov. Ducey is pushing lawmakers to approve...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File). File - In this April 10, 2018, file photo, Arizona teachers march in protest of their low pay and school funding in front of a local radio station waiting for Republican Gov. Doug Ducey to show up for a live broadcast...
(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin, File). FILE - In this April 11, 2018, file photo, Stefanie Lowe, a teacher at Tuscano Elementary School, smiles as they join other teachers, parents and students as they stage a "walk-in" for higher pay and school funding in...
By MELISSA DANIELS
Associated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - Tens of thousands of Arizona teachers are poised to walk off the job this week to demand more funding for public education, an unprecedented action in this conservative state without many union protections.
Educators who are among the lowest-paid in the U.S. have organized weeks of protests seeking raises and a boost in overall school funding, culminating in a vote for the first-ever statewide strike.
It comes despite a plan from Republican Gov. Doug Ducey to increase teacher pay 20 percent by 2020. Teachers are concerned about a lack of stable funding and a failure to address other demands.
A grass-roots teachers group mobilized the #RedforEd campaign, with backing from the Arizona Education Association, the largest teacher membership group. But the association lacks the power to collectively bargain with school districts or require mandatory participation in this right-to-work state.
That has led to a disparity across school districts in how to handle the walkout and could lead to fallout for Arizona educators.
Here's a look at what's happening:
WHAT'S A WALKOUT AND WHAT WILL HAPPEN?
A walkout is a job action that can be used as a protest, and teachers plan to launch it statewide Thursday, with no end date set. With 78 percent of roughly 57,000 educators voting in favor last week, tens of thousands of teachers are expected to participate. Many are expected to attend a rally at the state Capitol.
Their participation could have consequences. Some states, like New York, prohibit strikes outright, but Arizona's situation is less clear.
The education association has warned its 20,000 members about a 1971 Arizona attorney general opinion saying a statewide strike would be illegal under common law and participants could lose their teaching credentials. No school district has said they would fire educators who strike or revoke teaching certificates.
Teachers in some districts have been advised to take personal leave time to participate.
WHAT ARE THE DEMANDS?
The one that received the most attention is a 20 percent raise for teachers who earn an average of $47,218 annually, compared with a national average of $58,353, according to 2016 data from the National Education Association. They also want yearly raises until their salaries reach the national average and competitive wages for classified staffers.
Another demand is a return to pre-Great Recession spending levels, which would be roughly a $1 billion increase annually. Part of that includes the goal of driving down class sizes to a 23:1 ratio.
The fifth demand is a freeze on tax cuts until spending on each student reaches the national average. A May 2017 report from the National Education Association says per-pupil spending in Arizona was $8,296, compared with $12,572 nationally.
HOW ARE THE GOVERNOR AND LAWMAKERS RESPONDING?
Ducey has offered teachers a 20 percent raise by 2020 and pledged to see their proposal through despite concerns by lawmakers of their own party. They vetoed 10 Republican measures recently to push the Legislature to send them a budget with the pay increase.
Ducey's plan relies on higher-than-expected state revenue. Republican legislative leaders have expressed concern about where the money might come from and are negotiating the plan this week.
WHAT DOES THE WALKOUT MEAN FOR SCHOOLS, TEACHERS AND PARENTS?
The state's nearly 200 public school districts can try to keep schools open or can close them down.
Districts were still determining their plans, but the state's largest district in suburban Phoenix and many others have warned parents they will shut down at least Thursday and Friday. Schools could be open if enough teachers, staff or administrators show up.
Many parents will have to make child care plans. Community groups have opened registration for day camps, while some stay-at-home parents are volunteering to watch others' children. Local parent-teacher associations also are putting together food boxes for kids who rely on free breakfast and lunch at school.
Hourly workers like custodians might not get paid if their schools close, but they would get a paycheck if the days are made up at the end of the school year.
WHAT'S HAPPENED IN OTHER STATES?
The Arizona campaign took inspiration from West Virginia, where teachers went on strike and got a raise. The movement also spread to Oklahoma, Kentucky and most recently Colorado, where over a dozen school districts are closing Thursday and Friday because of planned teacher protests.
Arizona has seen a unique blend of grass-roots uprising, with help from the teachers association. Unions mobilized teachers in other states, though they also had little collective bargaining power with districts.
Like Arizona, Oklahoma is a right-to-work state, where teachers spent two weeks on strike, even after money was approved for teacher raises and more school funding. West Virginia officials said a strike was illegal, but the nine-day action led to a 5 percent pay increase, much lower than what Arizona teachers have been offered.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
[PHOTOS] Rotimi Amaechi throws surprise party for Basorge
Nigerian stand-up comedian and actor, Basoene Kelsey Tariah Jr, better known as Basorge, marked their 50th birthday recently. See photos: Photo credit: TNG Source: Punch
The post [PHOTOS] Rotimi Amaechi throws surprise party for Basorge appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
If you're after a computer close to the size of the tiny Raspberry Pi but approaching the power of the MacBook, then you may want to check out the LattePanda Alpha.
However, it's worth noting the LattePanda Alpha is not a Pi competitor. While the Pi costs just $35, the LattePanda Alpha starts at $289.
The difference is reflected in the specs, with the LattePanda Alpha having more in common with a laptop than a low-cost board like the Pi.
The LattePanda Alpha uses the same class of Intel processor as found in this year's 12-inch MacBook, a 7th generation, Intel Core m3.
Backing up this processor is 8GB of DDR3 memory and 64GB Flash storage, alongside Gigabit Ethernet, 802.11ac Wi-Fi and USB 3.0 ports, a USB Type-C port, 4K video out.
While the board's makers DFRobot say the Alpha will ship with Windows 10 Pro, they add it will also be compatible with a range of Linux-based OSes.
The board—which is about 70% the length of the iPhone 7 Plus—is designed to be used to be used by developers working in a wide range of fields, from robotics to internet of things, and as such has the necessary electronics for adding a wide-range of custom hardware to the board.
SEE: Hardware spotlight: The Raspberry Pi
The Alpha has 2 x 50-Pin headers for hooking up hardware, as well as an Arduino Leonardo co-processor.
Alongside the Alpha, the board's makers will also release a version of the board without the eMMC storage for $269, as well as the lower-specced LattePanda Delta, which starts at $129.
The Delta runs on an Intel Celeron N4100 processor, has 4GB of RAM but still keeps many of the advantages of the Alpha board, such as 802.11ac Wi-Fi and 3 x USB 3.0 ports.
Both boards are being crowdfunded via Kickstarter, and as of publication have passed their £72,611 funding target, with just shy of £97,000 raised with 56 days left to go.
DFRobot estimate that the boards, which are also available with a 7-inch touchscreen display, will ship in May next year.
It is not the first Windows 10-based, developer board released by the company, with an earlier machine selling for around $120. That initial board was again higher specced and priced than the Pi, but also attracted some reports that the board overheated without additional cooling, resulting in the processor being throttled to a slower speed.
Image: DFRobot
Image: DFRobot
Automatically sign up for TechRepublic's Open Source Weekly Newsletter for more hot tips and tricks. Subscribe
Read more about the Raspberry Pi
Matt Bomer plays a transgender sex worker in the forthcoming drama Anything, directed by Timothy McNeil.
Deadline has the details:
The movie saw some criticism when it was first unveiled last summer, with some in the trans community questioning casting a non-trans actor for the part. Ruffalo has defended Bomer, saying they eyed them for the part after the “profound experience” they had working with them onscreen in HBO's The Normal Heart.
The story centers on Early Landry (Lynch), who after losing their wife is forced to move to Los Angeles so they can be cared for by their over-protective sister (Maura Tierney), but escapes their clutches to start a new life in Hollywood. They quickly become enamored by their neighbor, Freda (Matt Bomer). Their loneliness and need for companionship opens their heart to a remarkable new relationship, but their growing affection must be reconciled with the complexity of their disparate backgrounds. Melora Hardin, Micah Hauptman and Margot Bingham also star.
Watch:
Customs revenue rises with N136bn seizures
By Godwin Oritse, Godfrey Bivbere & Glory Onyeagu
TWO commands of the Nigeria Customs Service, NCS, on seizure rampage raked in about N136.6 billion revenue, with the large haul coming from the Apapa Command which intercepted among other items unprocessed wood export.
The command raised over N136billion between January and May this year, while Federal Operations Unit, FOU, Zone “A”, the anti-smuggling arm of the NCS, raised N607.7 million.
For Apapa command the revenue represents a massive increase of 38.8 percent over N98billion collected within the same period of 2016.
Disclosing this in Lagos, the Customs Area Comptroller, Apapa, Mr. Mohammed Jubrin said the command's enforcement unit effected a total of 24 seizures including containers of different items, such as frozen fish, medicaments, pharmaceuticals which were either falsely declared or under-declared resulting to under payment of customs duties.
They stated: “We have also intercepted and detained some export containers of scrap metal, wet blue leather and unprocessed wood which fall under export prohibition. Investigations are ongoing and sanctions will be applied in line with extant laws.” Besides, the revenue generated from import duties, over N1.8billion was also realized from identified infractions within the period under review.
In a similar development the FOU, yesterday, said that it has impounded assorted cargo with Duty Paid Value, DPV, of N334 million that was smuggled into the country. The Customs Area Controller, CAC, of the Unit, Comptroller Mohammed Uba Garba, at a press briefing in Lagos, said that the intercepted goods includes 6,356 bags of 50 kilograms of rice, 2,495 cartons of poultry products, 13 vehicles and 384 parcels of 232kilograms of Indian Hemp, among other items.
The post Customs revenue rises with N136bn seizures appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ambien Maker Blasts Roseanne: ‘Racism is Not a Known Side Effect of Any Sanofi Medication'
Donald Trump on Wednesday used the Roseanne controversy to complain about their own treatment, slamming the head of ABC for not apologizing to him.
Tweeted Trump: “Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
One of the major perks of being an UPROXX dink (aside from the $500 mil annually and the crystal palace where we keep our matching jumpsuits stored) is sifting through the year's elite bloopz. 2016 provided tons of gaffes and goof-em-ups and once again the folks coming off the best are the ones that lean into the silly situation. It sounds strange, but you'd rather be in a year-end blooper roundup for doing a silly jig or dressing like a dinosaur to work, rather than just being the guy at work that blurts “f*ck” while on the air.
As is their custom, NewsBeFunny has wrangled together a mesmerizing supercut of all the odd and outrageous moments from TV weather in 2016. “Mini-Meteorologist” Anna is arguably the star attraction of this highlight reel bringing a special brand of charisma and willingness to incorporate dance to their appearance, but Shep Smith informing Fox News vidwers about how we're all merciless before the will of hurricanes is neat too. A touch bleaker, mind you.
All the cloud wangs, UK gigglefits and stray Lokis you can handle are nestled comfortably within this zippy video. Watch it curled up in the comfort that more goofs are inevitable for 2017.
(Via NewsBeFunny)
08:58 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Watch: Shlomo Artzi Read more 'Israel's Bruce Springsteen' plays their hit song, 'Eretz Hadasha.' ► ◄ Last Briefs
Robert Lewandowski As Dangerous As Cristiano Ronaldo – Juup Heynckes
Bayern Munich manager Jupp Heynckes has responded to claims that they may struggle to cope with Cristiano Ronaldo by reminding Real Madrid of Robert Lewandowski's goalscoring ability.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored a competition-high 15 goals in the Champions League this season and has 41 in all competitions, compared to 39 for Lewandowski in six games fewer.
No player boasts better form than the Portuguese since the turn of the year, however, and Heynckes admits that Bayern must be alert to stop the threat the prolific forward poses in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final showdown.
“I respect Ronaldo immensely — they have had a superb career,” Heynckes told their prematch news conference.
“But you need to play well as a team to win the Champions League, and in Robert Lewandowski we also have a striker who has already scored 39 goals this season.
“He is a very positive player, always ready to produce top performances. One could also ask how to shut out Lewandowski.”
Asked whether they would swap the Poland captain, linked with Madrid in the past, for Ronaldo, the coach said: “Bayern is very happy with Lewandowski, so it's not a question for consideration.”
The post Robert Lewandowski As Dangerous As Cristiano Ronaldo – Juup Heynckes appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Daniel Levine and Kristina Cooke
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - U.S. authorities have arrested an immigrant from Mexico who was brought to the United States illegally as a child and later given a work permit during the Obama administration in what could be the first detention of its kind under President Donald Trump.
Daniel Ramirez Medina, a 23-year-old with no criminal record, was taken into custody last week at their father's home in Seattle by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers. The officers arrived at the home to arrest the man's father, though court documents did no make clear the reason the father was taken into custody.
Ramirez, now in custody in Tacoma, Washington, was granted temporary permission to live and work legally in the United States under a program called the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, established in 2012 by Democratic President Obama, according to a court filing.
The program protects from deportation 750,000 people who were brought to the United States illegally as children, sometimes called the "dreamers," and gives them the temporary right to work legally in the United States.
Trump, a Republican who took office on Jan. 20, has promised a crackdown on the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States, most of whom come from Mexico and other Latin American countries. A move against DACA recipients like Ramirez would represent a significant broadening of immigration enforcement under Trump.
Ramirez filed a challenge to their detention in Seattle federal court on Monday, arguing that the government violated their constitutional rights because they had work authorization under the DACA program.
Ethan Dettmer, a partner in the law firm Gibson Dunn & Crutcher who is one of the lawyers representing Ramirez, said they are not aware of any other DACA recipient who has been arrested.
"We are hoping this detention was a mistake," Dettmer said.
A BROKEN PROMISE?
Another one of their lawyers, Mark Rosenbaum of the legal advocacy group Public Counsel, characterized the DACA program as a promise from the federal government's executive branch that DACA recipients would not be targeted for deportation.
"We have no reason to believe that promise will be broken. This case should not see the inside of a courtroom," Rosenbaum said.
Ramirez was in custody and unavailable for comment. Representatives for Immigration and Customs Enforcement declined immediate comment on the lawsuit.
Emily Langley, a spokesperson for the U.S. attorney's office in Seattle, said the Justice Department is still reviewing the case.
U.S. immigration officers last week arrested more than 680 people in the country illegally. Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said the operations, conducted in at least a dozen states, were routine and consistent with regular operations. But immigrant advocacy groups and Democrats have expressed concern that the Trump administration will escalate immigration enforcement efforts in line with the president's tough stance toward illegal immigrants.
Trump campaigned on a promise to roll back Obama's executive actions on immigration, but since assuming office they have kept their public comments on DACA vague.
In an interview with ABC News last month, Trump said their administration was devising a policy on how to deal with people covered by DACA. "They are here illegally. They shouldn't be very worried. I do have a big heart. We're going to take care of everybody. We're going to have a very strong border," Trump said at the time.
Under DACA, the government collected information including participants' addresses that potentially could be used to locate and deport them if the program is reversed.
Ramirez was brought to the United States from Mexico in about 2001 at about age 7, according to the lawsuit. The government granted them a DACA card in 2014 and renewed it in 2016, finding that they were no threat to public safety. They have a 3-year-old son, according to the complaint.
Ramirez in their lawsuit is seeking their immediate release and an injunction forbidding the government from arresting them again. A hearing in the case has been scheduled for Friday.
According to the lawsuit, Ramirez was asleep at their father's home last Friday morning when ICE agents arrived and arrested the father. When they entered, they asked Ramirez if they were in the country legally, and Ramirez said they had a work permit, the lawsuit stated.
ICE agents took Ramirez to a processing center in Seattle and they again disclosed their DACA work permit, the lawsuit stated.
"It doesn't matter, because you weren't born in this country," one of the agents said, according to the lawsuit.
Ramirez was fingerprinted, booked and taken to a detention center in Tacoma where they were still in custody on Tuesday, Rosenbaum said.
(Additional reporting by Bill Rigby in Seattle; Editing by Sue Horton and Will Dunham)
The trial of the man accused of backing their pickup truck through a crowded parking lot following the July 4th fireworks show in 2015 in Oak Ridge began on Monday in Clinton.
A pool of some 115 potential jurors was whittled down to 15 on Monday—12 jurors and three alternates—with eight men and seven women chosen to serve.
Now 68-year-old Lee Cromwell was indicted on numerous charges in May of 2016 by the Anderson County grand jury in connection to the deadly crash on July 4th, 2015 in the parking lot of the Midtown Community Center, which was crowded at the time as the city's annual fireworks display in Bissell Park had just ended.
37-year-old James Robinson of Knoxville died pushing their daughter out of the path of Cromwell's Dodge Ram pickup, which backed up through the parking lot at what witnesses described as a high rate of speed. 11 other people, including several children, also suffered injuries, although none of them were considered life-threatening.
Cromwell and their defense attorneys have maintained that the throttle on their truck got stuck, preventing them from slowing down or stopping, but testimony given during previous hearings indicated that investigators found no problems with the vehicle and said that there were no active recalls on the truck that would have affected the throttle. Both sides will present evidence to back up their claims.
Cromwell was indicted on charges of: vehicular homicide, reckless homicide, criminally negligent homicide, 12 counts of aggravated assault, reckless endangerment, and driving on a suspended or revoked license.
Testimony began Monday afternoon following opening arguments from the prosecution and defense and the first witness to testify was an Oak Ridge Police officer, who illustrated for jurors what the scene looked like immediately after the crash.
Testimony will continue today and the trial is expected to last for about three days.
Sue Washer, President and CEO of Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (AGTC) Discusses the Cure for Retinitis Pigmentosa
Sue Washer is the President and CEO of Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation, or AGTC. Ms. Washer is an experienced entrepreneur with an impressive career over the past 32 years, with diverse experiences in the pharmaceutical/biologics industry, including extensive corporate startup experience, research and development expertise as well as significant community and industry association leadership. As founding CEO, Ms. Washer has led AGTC for 17 years, transforming it from a small academic spin-out to a leader in the field with five products in active development. Ms. Washer led AGTC's successful IPO and secondary financing, raising more than $90 million from public investors; secured investments of more than $91 million from nationally recognized venture capitalists and granting agencies; negotiated and closed on a major collaboration with a top-five biotech company; negotiated numerous licensing deals with academic, governmental and commercial entities; led the company in efficiently completing critical milestones, including five INDs and three early-stage clinical trials; and recruited an experienced management team. Most recently, Ms. Washer led the negotiations with Biogen, resulting in a wide-ranging partnership deal with a $124 million upfront payment.
In this exclusive interview with the Wall Street Transcript, Sue Washer details their strategic plans for AGTC and gets specific about the financial returns.
“…Since we last spoke, we have three other products that have moved into the clinic for testing. Two are around achromatopsia, which is another genetic disease that affects vision loss, and then, one is around X-linked retinitis pigmentosa, which is one form of retinitis pigmentosa, one of the largest orphan indications in ophthalmology. We are working on a select subset of that patient population and will start dosing patients in that trial soon. So lots of progress is being made with four products in the clinic.”
Ms. Washer has put into place some strategic partnerships, including a significant infusion of capital from Biogen (BIIB).
“We have licensed to them both the XLRS and the XLRP program and have disclosed that that license involved an upfront payment as well as a total of a potential of $490 million in development, regulatory as well as commercial milestones. For XLRS, there are low-double-digit royalties, and for XLRP, high-single-digit to low-double-digit royalties.”
Read the entire interview in the Wall Street Transcript and get the full detail straight from Sue Washer, President and CEO of Applied Genetic Technologies Corporation (AGTC).
Sign ups are still being taken for the National Day 5K race to be held at High Bridge Trail State Park this coming Saturday. Celebrate National Trails Day by participating in a 5K race on the historic High Bridge Trail. The park is a rail to trail conversion and is a wide, level surface with virtually no grade. The course is out and back across the historic High Bridge. This event benefits Friends of the High Bridge Trail and is sponsored by Centra Southside Community Hospital. The race is $30, with the price going up after tomorrow.
Seth Meyers on Trump's Lies: ‘If The Feds Put Pressure on Him, There's a Good Chance He'll Flip on Himself' – WATCH
Donald Trump's pick to head the Department of Veterans Affairs, White House doctor Ronny Jackson, appears to be in trouble.
CBS News reports:
Sources familiar with the tales say Sen. Jon Tester's committee staff is reviewing multiple allegations of a “hostile work environment.” The accusations include “excessive drinking on the job, improperly dispensing meds,” said one of the people familiar, who was granted anonymity to speak frankly about the situation. The other people familiar with the stories also confirmed those details.
If proven true, “it'll sink their nomination,” said one of the sources.
Tester's office began hearing the allegations from current and former employees in the last several days and over the weekend, said one of the people familiar with the ongoing probe.
Senators are discussing a delay for the hearing, which was scheduled for Wednesday.
UPDATE: The hearing has been postponed.
Chairman Isakson and ranking member Tester released a joint statement saying that the hearing had been postponed “in light of new information presented to the committee.”
Their statement went on to say, “We take very seriously our constitutional duty to thoroughly and carefully vet each nominee sent to the Senate for confirmation. We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review.”
By Abigail Mawonde
Government has once again warned teachers that it is illegal to offer extra lessons to pupils for a fee.
In an interview on the sidelines of a tour of Glen View 2 Primary School in Harare yesterday, Primary and Secondary Education Minister Professor Paul Mavima said extra lessons were creating problems in the civil service.
“The Zimbabwean civil service has to be rationalised. There has to be equality within it. The issue of extra lessons had two problems.
The first one was to unequalise the civil service. Imagine if you went to social welfare and you were asked to pay extra for receiving the service that the social welfare officer is supposed to grant you. Would that be okay?
“Extra lessons also had a problem where one cannot have rational civil service with extra lessons. What if teachers then do not teach during the normal time waiting for parents to pay something in order to receive a service that you were supposed to receive from Government anyway?
‘'So the issue of extra lessons had serious problems. It would affect the motivation of the teacher to teach during normal working hours and it disequalised the civil service,” they said. Minister Mavima said Government will not allow teachers to be paid for extra lessons.
“So we are not going back to a situation where teachers are paid for extra lessons. But we are not saying no to extra lessons per se. What we are saying no to is the payment.
‘'Motivated teachers will request to have space created for them so that they can better teach their students and achieve effectiveness. So it is not necessarily the extra lessons but the payment of extra lessons that removed all rationality in the whole process,” they said.
Minister Mavima said their Ministry was going ahead with the implementation of the new education curriculum.
“We are going to continue with implementation of the new curriculum. In fact this school (Glen View 2) exemplifies this new curriculum – in terms of teaching self-reliance, in terms of teaching heritage, we have seen what is here in terms of the cultural village, ICTs (Information Communication Technologies) among others,” they said.
“So, we are going ahead but let me add a quick cover to say we have gone through one year of implementation of that new curriculum, obviously there are teething problems to it and it is now time for us to review and see how implementation has gone and we will definitely work on some areas.”
Added Minister Mavima: “There have been recommendations already especially around issues of tasks, issues of scheduling, issues of making sure that the syllabi that are being offered are age appropriate.
So we are going to look at those issues but those are implementation issues.
They do not impact on the overall objective of the curriculum and so we will be going ahead with implementation of its overall objective.
“Remember we are saying we want critical thinking, problem-solving, we want more of the STEAM – Science, Technology, Arts and Mathematics.
We cannot go back on that. To go back on that is actually to take us back to the 20th century.
We are in the 21st century and our curriculum here in Zimbabwe has to live up to the demands of the 21st century.” The Herald
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge hits a home run against the New York Mets during the sixth inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Yankee Stadium in New York. (AP Photo/Rich Schultz)
NEW YORK (AP) — Aaron Judge hit a tying home run in the sixth inning, Aaron Hicks and Gary Sanchez went deep in the eighth and the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Mets 4-2 Monday night in the first of four Subway Series matchups this week.
Curtis Granderson and Yoenis Cespedes homered in the third inning off Luis Cessa to give the Mets a 2-0 lead at Yankee Stadium.
Sanchez started the Yankees' comeback with a sacrifice fly in the fourth against Rafael Montero. Two innings later, Judge hit their AL-leading 36th home run — just their sixth since the All-Star break. The ball was dropped in the right-center field bleachers by a fan wearing a Judge jersey.
Hicks, who returned last week from an oblique injury, homered against Hansel Robles (7-4) leading off the eighth, their career-best 12th homer. Sanchez homered two batters later against Erik Goeddel. With 20 homers, Sanchez matched their total in their rookie season last year.
-Darjeeling tea is the first product from India to obtain a globally recognised Geographical Indication (GI) tag and logo
With brand ‘Darjeeling Tea' coming under threat globally after the tea producers in the Darjeeling hills lost the prime production seasons thereby creating a severe scarcity of this tea's availability in global markets, the West Bengal government is coming up with marketing and support initiatives to help global customers' confidence return to this brand.
Last year, after the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha called for a shutdown demanding separate statehood, which went over 100 days, the entire tea production in the Darjeeling hills came to a halt.
Tea producers alleged that such sudden unavailability of Darjeeling tea globally has posed serious questions among global buyers on the future availability of Darjeeling tea brand and hence renewed marketing efforts are needed once production commences.
Although the state government is yet to decide on the exact nature of branding support to Darjeeling tea, Vandana Yadav, managing director at West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation said that the state government intends to create around 30 brands of Darjeeling tea which will become the flag bearers of this industry.
They were speaking on the sidelines of an event organised by industry body, CII here. Apparently, Darjeeling tea is the first product from India to obtain a globally recognised Geographical Indication (GI) tag and logo.
This brand of tea cannot be sold without the GI tag and the logo as well as using the ‘Darjeeling tea' name for any other tea blend apart from the one produced in Darjeeling, is illegal.
Yadav said, “The details are being worked out how the state government can help in branding initiatives since it already has a GI tag”. Additionally, the state government would also help the industry in better price and market discovery.
The key markets of Darjeeling tea account for Germany, Japan, USA, UK and others. Sources said the state government might identify selected estates which produce quality tea with a good global order book and help in branding initiatives of the produce from such gardens.
The union government has also narrowed down on a similar plan where it proposes to identify one or two companies which can become the flag bearer of Indian tea.
Industry officials, however, want the state government to support them monetarily first and have asked for a grant. “The gardens had remained closed and we had lost nearly the entire years' crop with no fault of ours.
Now, we need to pay wages, bonus and others and need the state government as well as the centre to support us”, a tea estate owner from Darjeeling said.
Nevertheless, the industry believes that besides monetary help, branding and marketing support is also needed for it to stage a comeback this year and regain buyer confidence.
It is also believed that if the state government can help with increasing the global buyer base as well as mediate selling prices, it will lead to Darjeeling tea fetching better prices in the international market.
[Via: Business Standard]
1,860 total views, 1 views today
Comments
comments
Credit: Cesar Diaz/Latino Sports
Bronx, NY – Under normal circumstances a team that strikes out 17 times and commits five errors is likely not going to win a ballgame. But these are the New York Yankees and with a power lineup that has some in a struggle they still managed to win a thriller of sorts in the Bronx Tuesday night.
A thriller because they got away with a 6-5, 10-inning win over the Houston Astros. And the walk-off and winning hit came off the bat of Gleyber Torres who made two of those errors. But Torres, who was named AL Player of the week earlier in the day got their second career walk-of hit and the Yankees evened this three- game series at a game apiece.
This could be another preview of an eventual postgame series in October. The Yankees took three of four over the Astros last month in Houston and the finale between two of the top three teams in the American League is Wednesday night at Yankee Stadium.
Torres came to bat after the other Yankees rookie, Miguel Andujar got a two-out double. From there it was Torres who stepped out of the box after their displeasure with a previous pitch that was called a strike.
“I just take a breath and stay focused,” said Torres.  They are a rookie but plays like a veteran and there never seems to be a moment when this youngster loses their composure. They come right back and on a night when two errors could have cost the Yankees it was Torres the walk-off hero.
This again is impressive and the quick development of a rookie that is making this Yankees season in late May even more special. Andujar helps the Yankees cause, as does Aaron Judge, no longer the rookie, and Brett Gardner who has found the stroke and hit two home runs.
The second home run from Gardner, their fourth and sixth career multi-home run game, tied the score at 5-5 in the ninth inning. All of that led to the Torres and their dramatic hit in the 10th inning.
“A lot of guys made mistakes and continued to move on,” Manager Aaron Boone said after the win. “They are very consistent way they go about things,” they said about Andujar and Torres who worked their way up the ladder and started the season at Triple-A Scranton.
Boone added about their rookies, “Love to see them continue to fight through a couple of mistakes. They work very hard to be in the position to be here and impact our club and that's what they have done.”
Gardner added to the Yankees MLB-best 13 multi- home run games which trails the 1996 Mariners with 14 for the most by any team in MLB history through their first 52 games of the season.
The Astros with a game lead over the Mariners in the Al West, have a struggling bullpen. Closer Ken Giles was not available and manager AJ Hinch went with Chris Devenski who threw the game tying home run ball to Gardner.
Jose Altuve, reigning AL MVP and the 2017 Latino Sports American MVP award winner, went 2-for-4 and has multiple hits in four of their last five games. They came into the game with the highest road average in baseball at .398.
And Yuli Gurriel, 2017 Latino Sports Al Rookie of The Year, had an RBI single in the fifth inning that extended their hitting streak to six games.
But it was the Yankees who prevailed again and prevented starter Charlie Morton from recording their Major League best eighth win. Houston starters game into the game with a 2.48 ERA, best in baseball with a Major League high 41 quality starts.
Torres, Anduar, and the rest of these Yankees, well they get a chance to take the series Wednesday evening with their ace 7-1 Luis Severino on the mound. But there is that possible meeting again in October between these two premiere teams and the stakes will be higher.
Comment: [email protected]
Politics of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
Former President John Mahama and Alban Bagbin
The second deputy Speaker of Parliament Alban Bagbin has stated that they are poised to defeat former President John Mahama in the race to become the next flagbearer for the opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC).
According to the Member of Parliament for the Nadowli-Kaleo constituency, they possess the qualities to pip Mahama to NDC flagbearer ticket.
“He knows my capacity and has worked with me for many years as a minority leader and later as a minister of state,” the former Majority Leader in Parliament told GHOne TV's Nana Aba Anamoah on political show State of Affairs.
They said Mahama's leadership style led to their defeat in the 2016 elections as the first incumbent president under the Fourth Republic to have lost a general election.
Bagbin stressed Mahama lost the elections by over 800,000 votes to the New Patriotic Party's (NPP) Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo because they refused to listen to advice from the party.
“So I know he's a very nice person to deal with, they have the gift of the tongue, high accumulation of knowledge and the energy and vim, but it is the style of leadership that has left a lot of the people behind,” they stated.
“The issue about lack of inclusiveness is very detrimental trait in political leadership. I think John [Mahama] would have been a very good president in a better democratic setting than Ghana. They did very well in terms of infrastructure and focused a lot on putting the basics in place. In trying to do this I think they outrun the party and left the party behind. Their leadership style led to this,” the longest-serving MP in Ghana's parliament opined.
They also stressed that despite the negative perceptions that they did not back Mahama's Presidential bid during the 2016 elections, they did their best to help them succeed.
“I'm grateful to the NDC as a party to be in leadership. I did all I could to help Mahama to succeed,” they stated.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - A judge declared a mistrial Monday in the retrial of an undocumented immigrant accused of being the driver in a San Ysidro hit-and-run crash which seriously injured a young boy.
Constantino Banda Acosta was charged with the crash on Camino de la Plaza May 6, 2017.
Investigators said Banda ran a stop sign at Dairy Mart Rd. and crashed their pickup truck into the Lake family's Honda Accord.
6-year-old Lennox Lake was in a child safety seat at the back of the car. They suffered serious head injuries.
Banda left the scene but was arrested about two miles away after Border Patrol agents spotted their damaged truck parked on a street, police said.
RELATED: Retrial begins for undocumented immigrant in crash
During Banda's first trial, their passenger, Jorge Adame Ariza, also an undocumented immigrant from Mexico, testified under a grant of immunity during the defendant's two-day preliminary hearing in June that they and Banda had a number of beers that night before the accident.
Adame said Banda got into a fight with another man outside a Chula Vista restaurant. Adame told them they picked up Banda but later moved into the passenger seat with Banda behind the wheel during the crash.
San Diego police Officer Michael Muniz testified in the first trial that Banda's blood-alcohol content measured .151 and .152 percent -- the legal limit is .08 -- during two breathalyzer tests.
Federal immigration officials said Banda has been deported from the United States at least 15 times over the past 15 years, most recently on January 18.
A judge will decide Friday whether a third trial will take place.
AFP reports that the city has received complaints that short-term holiday rentals like Airbnb's have increased property speculation, pricing hotels out of the market. The new registration allows Paris to make sure that apartments and other housing spaces aren't rented out for more than the maximum of 120 days per year. According to the report, only a fifth of existing properties have been registered. Officials have flagged around 1,000 Airbnb listings (along with 400 or so from the other companies) that are not in compliance. "The least they can do is respect the law," Ian Brossat, deputy to Paris mayor Anne Hidalgo, told AFP.
Yellow card. Chris Wingert (Real Salt Lake) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul
Can Beyonce's twins arrive already so we can have world peace?
As it is now and from the rumours that made rounds yesterday, we're in between palpitations and may it not…
Read » Can Beyonce's twins arrive already so we can have world peace? on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Abby Hassler
It's hard to forget images of Jaden Smith wearing a white batman suit as a guest Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's wedding back in 2015.
Now fans don't have to forget, as Smith broke out the iconic suit once again for their latest music video “Batman.”
Related: Will Smith Cuts off Son Jaden's Dreadlocks
Directed by Moises Arias and produced by Omarr Rambert, the video features Smith as Bruce Wayne-type character who dons their infamous white suit.
At one point in the video, Smith faces off against a man in a traditional black-and-yellow Batman suit and gets put in a headlock by a man dressed as Superman. This is certainly one music video Smith fans don't want to miss out on.
Watch “Batman” below.
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
Reps Query MTN Over Mass Sack, Demand List Of Disengaged Staff
Nigeria Today
The House of Representatives Committee on Telecommunications yesterday queried management of leading telecommunications company, MTN-Nigeria over mass disengagement of personnel. Have you read Trendiee Today? Click here to read.
and more »
Queer Eye‘s cultural guy Karamo Brown sat down for a wide-ranging Facebook Live interview with Marc Malkin where they were grilled about topics past and current, the most current being Shania Twain, who apologized this week after saying that they would have voted for Trump.
Asked Malkin: “Do you think they can redeem themselves with the gay community because the gays were not having it on social media.”
Said Brown: “As a community, we are very forgiving. It's in our nature, because we have been treated so bad by people in our family and our friends who didn't accept us as we go on our journeys that we've learned how to be empathetic and to forgive, and I believe that as a community we will again.”
Malkin also asked Brown whether he, or any of the new ‘fab five' identify as ‘queer': “I don't. I describe myself as gay. I come from an old school where gay used to be a negative. It's not negative anymore to me. Through the years, I understand the reclaiming the power with it, but queer is a more umbrella that encompasses so many other people and for me, I identify as a gay man. I have a lot of friends who identify as queer. I don't know if any of the guys on [Queer Eye] identify as gay.”
Added Brown: “None of us identify as queer. I don't know about Jonathan, We never asked if Jonathan identifies as queer. I know that me, Bobby and Tan identify as gay men. Antoni identifies as a gay man…I don't know what Jonathan identifies as. I would assume gay but I don't know.”
Brown was also asked about the recent Gay Times magazine featuring Queer Eye food guru Antoni Porowski in a variety of sultry thirst trap poses.
“Is this Antoni when we don't see [him], is they walking around like this all the time,” asked Malkin. “Because they seem very shy.”
Said Brown: “Antoni is full of thirst traps. Antoni is not shy. That is part of the Rob Pattinson, all those sexy guys who are like, I'm wounded, and dark and mysterious. But you wouldn't be in front of the camera if you were that shy. They turn it on because they understand.
Here's a behind-the-scenes of the Gay Times photo shoot.
Lagos council polls: PDP faction announces alliance with LP
The Moshood Salvador-led faction of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Lagos State has announced an alliance with the Labour Party (LP) for the July 22 council polls. Salvador, who belongs to the Ahmed Makarfi faction of the PDP, made the announcement at a news conference in Lagos on Wednesday. They said that the alliance was a temporary arrangement, and that all PDP candidates for the polls would contest on the LP platform.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
St Helens produced a stunning performance to pull off a well-deserved 26-22 victory over Super League leaders Castleford.
Saints delivered a fine first-half display before holding off a spirited Tigers fightback to hand stand-in boss Jamahl Lolesi their first win since Keiron Cunningham's departure.
Castleford tryscorer Ben Roberts. PIC: Chris Mangnall/SWpix.com
Matty Fleming, Luke Douglas and Mark Percival all crossed as the hosts took a 20-8 lead into the interval, while Regan Grace's try with 12 minutes left proved decisive.
Greg Eden and Ben Roberts both touched down twice for Castleford, who suffered only their second defeat of the campaign.
Castleford had made an impressive start with Eden touching down following Paul McShane's kick, before Luke Gale added the conversion from the touchline.
St Helens had a golden chance to hit back minutes later but Fleming's pass to Tommy Makinson went sailing into touch with a clear run to the line.
The home side did find the try they were searching for after 25 minutes as Fleming made amends from their earlier mistake by powering into the corner after good work from England centre Percival.
Percival hit the conversion from out wide and slotted over another a few minutes later after Douglas barged over the Castleford try line from close range.
It was 18-8 when Theo Fages dinked a delightful kick through for Percival to chase down before planting the ball down one handed.
The conversion was not a problem either and a further penalty just before the break gave Lolesi's side a 12-point buffer. Castleford coach Daryl Powell got an immediate reaction from their half-time talk as Roberts spotted a gap in the Saints defensive line and had enough momentum to roll over the line.
Gale added the extras from in front of the uprights to put the visiting West Yorkshire side right back in it.
It took another 15 minutes for Castleford's next effort but when it came Michael Shenton sent in Eden for their second try of the afternoon.
Gale missed their first goal of the game, leaving the Tigers two points behind.
Saints had chances to put themselves in the driving seat and Grace's brilliant run ended with them being hauled down inches from the line.
But the winger was rewarded with their first Super League try of their career on the next phase as they crashed over in the corner.
Percival landed the pressure kick to effectively seal the game, but there was still time for Roberts to collect a consolation try with 23 seconds left.
IRVINE, Calif. &Emergency communications personnel are faced with a dizzying array of products, vendors, and solutions to critical communications issues. As the leading global provider of innovative professional mobile radio (PMR) communications solutions, Hytera will showcase its innovative, cost effective, standards based product line in booth 409 at the Association of Public Safety Communications Officials (APCO) annual conference, August 14 15 at the Colorado Convention Center in Denver.
"Emergency communications personnel all over the world rely on Hytera products every day," said Kevin Nolan, Associate Director of Marketing, Hytera. "For more than 20 years, our innovative wireless solutions have provided communications for police and security forces, militaries, transportation agencies, global events, and corporations. We are proud to present our LTE-DMR multi-mode radio (the first convergence of critical voice services and broadband data in one device) at APCO 2017 along with the world's leading portfolio of rugged digital portable radios that are built to military standards, Hytera's patented Extended Pseudo Trunking (XPT) system, and solutions including backpack repeaters, quick mesh networks, DMR trunking cube base station, and critical surveillance & dispatch systems."
About Hytera
Founded in Shenzhen, China in 1993, Hytera Communications Corporation Limited (002583.SZ) is a closely-held privately-run company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. With its nine R&D centers around the world, Hytera is a leading global provider of innovative Professional Mobile Radio (PMR) communications solutions to governmental organizations, public security institutions, and customers from other industries like transportation, oil & gas and many other sectors. Hytera aspires to leverage its technologies to improve organizational efficiency and make the world safer. Hytera has a head office located at Hytera Tower, Shenzhen Hi-Tech Industrial Park North, Beihuan RD. 9108 Nanshan District, Shenzhen, P.R.C. More information is available at www.hytera.com.
By James Thompson | Sunday Times |
Diamond mining firms have been revealed by President Emmerson Mnangagwa as the biggest looters in Zimbabwe. The president issued a three-month moratorium to alleged looters and extended it by two weeks. They warned that those who did not heed their call would face legal action.
Indications from the published list are that most funds were externalised to China with numerous Chinese retail and mining companies also dominating the list.
Category 1 – illicit financial flows externalised through non repatriation of export proceeds – has African Associated Mines ($62-million)‚ Marange Resources ($54.2m)‚ Canadile Miners ($31.3m)‚ Mbada ($14.7m) and Jinan ($11m) listed as the top looters.
But none of the three categories makes any mention of major politicians as was widely expected. Zimbabweans took to Twitter to say the list was “underwhelming”.
However‚ there are some notable revelations such as that of gospel-musician-cum-politician Elias Musakwa‚ who allegedly externalised US$900-million to Portugal.
Musakwa's known business venture is record label Ngavaawone Records‚ which they bought with the late former air marshal‚ Josiah Tungamirai‚ in 2007 from Gramma Records. They once worked for the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe (RBZ) as a divisional head.
Category 2 – for funds externalised through payment of goods not received in Zimbabwe – is led by Ekusileni Medical Centre‚ a non operational hospital in the second largest city Bulawayo with US$3-million allegedly sent out of the country.
The specialist hospital was built by National Social Security Authority (NSSA)‚ but has never been operational since its inception 14 years ago. The hospital was part of President Mnangagwa's 100-day pledge when they came into office through military assistance but nothing has been done to open it. The last category with funds externalised to foreign banks in cash is dominated by bank deposits made in China. But the largest single sums were taken to Botswana with one of the alleged looters‚ business person Farid Shahadat‚ said to have externalised US$1‚197‚080. Their case is already before the courts with allegations that between January 1 and April 30 last year they opened foreign bank accounts with Stanbic and Capital bank in Botswana. They deposited a total of $1‚197‚580 into their three foreign bank accounts — Stanbic Bank (account number 906 000 257 2465)‚ Stanbic Bank (906 000 257 2504) and Capital Bank (000 370 300 8498).
All four of the declared Democratic candidates for governor have committed to a series of debates beginning in Belmont County on Sept. 12. But as WKSU's M.L. Schultze reports, much of the focus is on whether a fifth candidate may join them.
Will Cordray enter the race, and if so, will it be in time?
The Ohio Democratic Party hopes to hold six gubernatorial debates – three this year and three next. Party Chairman David Pepper says they'll likely focus on what they say is the damage nearly a decade of Republican control has done to local schools, local governments and local economies.
Former state Rep. Connie Pillich, Dayton Mayor Nan Whaley, state Sen. Joe Schiavoni and former Congresswoman Betty Sutton have committed. Pepper says there will be room on the stage should Richard Cordray – the former Ohio attorney general and head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau – enters the race. But they say time is running short.
“Every month that goes by is precious time in the campaign. It's precious time getting known. It's precious time to do the part you have to do of raising money. And I think going too far in the fall is getting pretty late.”
Cordray has a year left in their term as head of the consumer bureau, but President Donald Trump is exploring whether they can fire him.
Voters most focused on change?
The first debate will be in the southeastern part of the state, in Martin's Ferry. Democratic Party Chairman Pepper acknowledges many voters in that region voted for Donald Trump last fall. But they say many also voted for Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 -- and are most focused on change.
“If you're not in a status quo mood because your community has suffered and you feel like in the last decade things have gotten worse and not better, I think these are voters that, if we do our job, will be very eager to vote for change in 18. And change will be much better represented by the Democratic candidates.”
Like the Ohio Republican Party, Pepper says their party will not endorse any candidate in the primary. Republicans who have declared to succeed Gov. John Kasich -- who is term-limited -- are Lt. Gov. Mary Taylor, Congressman Jim Renacci, Secretary of State Jon Husted and Attorney General Mike DeWine.
FG hasn't done enough on infrastructure maintenance – Fashola – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Lucasfilm
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is currently entertaining critics ahead of its impending release to the world on Friday. But it would seem Mark Hamill still wonders what might've been if George Lucas has stayed with the franchise for their own versions of the new trilogy. Hamill has been down this road plenty in the past and holds Lucas in the highest regard when it comes to Star Wars.
He's talked about the original plans for Episode VII soon after Return Of The Jedi was released, and apparently had some mild disagreement over Luke's character arc with Last Jedi director Rian Johnson. They cleared up any confusion behind that and seems to have delivered the performance of their career in the latest installment, but still wishes Disney had pondered Lucas' ideas according to Metro:
09:33 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Police raid Yediot Ahronot publishing house The police raided the Yediot Ahronot publishing house on Thursday morning. The raid was connected to the sensitive documents that were recently found in the possession of a lawyer for former prime minister Ehud Olmert after the attorney visited Olmert, who is serving a sentence on a conviction for corruption while they were mayor of Jerusalem. The documents were being used for Olmert's memoirs. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Ballon d'Or organizers want Iniesta to win ahead of Messi, Ronaldo – Daily Post Nigeria
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
More than 1,200 children did not get into their first choice of primary school in Leeds, with 284 missing out on any of their chosen schools.
Leeds City Council has allocated reception places to 9,683 children today, which is 371 less than last year when there was a 15-year peak in the number of applications.
The authority said 87 per cent of applicants has been given a place at their first choice, which is the same as 2016, whilst overall 97 per cent have been offered one of their five preferences.
However, 1,225 applicants missed out on their first option and three per cent, or 284 pupils, did not get into any of their five preferences and have been offered places elsewhere. This compares with 301 last year, which was also three per cent.
Leeds was engulfed in controversy over the number of parents missing out in the North of the city in 2015. The city council said its school place planning team had worked hard to ensure there were “enough places in the right areas” this September – including creating an additional 90 ‘bulge' places at Moor Allerton Hall and Allerton C of E primary schools in the North Leeds area.
Councillor Lisa Mulherin, executive member for children and families, said: “For parents and carers, choosing a school for their children is one of the most important decisions they will make. I am pleased we have been able to offer 97 per cent of families one of their preferences.
“However, we do understand how disappointing and distressing it is when people aren't allocated their preferred school, which is why we encourage parents to make sure they include their nearest school and use all five preferences to increase their chances of obtaining a place at a local school.”
Places will begin to be offered from waiting lists in May.
Rescue Ethiope East from rampaging herdsmen, Delta lawmaker cries out
By Fredrick Okopie
The lawmaker representing Ethiope East in Delta State House of Assembly, Mr. Evance Ivwurie, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari, the Inspector General of Police, the Director General, Department of State Services, DSS and other security agencies, to come to the rescue of Ethiope East Local Government Area, Delta State, over the incessant killings, kidnaps, rapes and destruction of farmland by alleged Fulani herdsmen.
Ivwurie made the call at a meeting held at the palace of the Ovie of Oruarivie-Abraka Kingdom. Speaking at the meeting entitled, “Yet Another Incidence of killing in Ovre R' Abraka/Eku/ Igun,” they said that the people of Ethiope East have kept their records, and have regularly in the past dutifully reported several incidences of killings, kidnaps, rapes, and destruction of farmlands by invading Fulani herdsmen to the Federal Government, the Police and other security agencies.
“Ethiope East LGA lands are fertile and the constituency is peaceful. This matter must be in the front burner and we call on the Federal Government of Nigeria to come to our aid.”
These invasions by the said Fulani herdsmen and annexation of our land by Presco Plc cannot push us out of our God's given and sacred land.”
They described claims by the Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, Mr. Andrew Aniamaka that the Ovre R' Abraka is temporary inhabited by a minimal number of herdsmen and that the herdsmen are living peacefully with the Abraka communities as a fat lie.
The post Rescue Ethiope East from rampaging herdsmen, Delta lawmaker cries out appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Buhari in closed-door meeting with APC governors
The meeting started at about 8p.m.
The post Buhari in closed-door meeting with APC governors appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OTTAWA — Dozens of activists championing the rights of women and girls are gathering in Ottawa this week to make sure Prime Minister Justin Trudeau remembers their promise to bring along their lauded feminist credentials when they host G7 leaders at a resort in La Malbaie, Que., in June.
The Liberal government is making gender equality a major theme of its G7 presidency this year, including by pushing for measures aimed at boosting the economic empowerment of women and increasing female participation in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
The W7 summit — with the 'W' standing for 'women' — that opens tomorrow is a way to ensure the voices of feminist activists from around the world are heard around that exclusive table.
The group of about 70 women from 20 countries will be delivering their own set of recommendations for how Canada and other G7 countries could address gender equality, including when it comes to peace and security, climate change, violence against women and how to build a stronger — and more inclusive — feminist movement.
Wts 145 pieces of RP 300 rum brass I have for sale 145 pieces of rp brass for 300 rum. This has been shot 4-5 times I would say, but not overpressure and has been well cared for. I just annealed it all.
My load was shooting 215 bergers at 2950.
Still has good life left but I sold my rum.
Asking $100 tyd lower 48. OBO. Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
__________________
General News of Sunday, 1 January 2017
Source: Starrfmonline.com
File photo
Two women died Saturday evening from bushfire while winnowing and bagging rice at a farmland in Bukob, a small community in the Saboba district of the Northern region.
Police have confirmed the incident saying the dead included an eight-month-old expectant mother, Maabu Nimula, 35.
Another woman suffered severe burns and was being treated at a health center in the district capital. Three children and a male adult were unhurt.
District Police commander ASP Tin Kutsinyah told Starr News that a wild fire sweeping through the dry bushes trapped the women and burned them “beyond recognition”.
They called the incident “terrible” and added the bodies were released after investigation and have since been buried.
Police in the area have complained repeatedly about the absence of a morgue in the entire district which is hugely affecting investigations.
Activities of bush burning especially in the three regions of the North during the dry season have damaged properties and displaced many others.
Transcript for A behind the scenes look at New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Bob Corker has launched a thinly veiled attack on Donald Trump and hinted the president is responsible for much of the chaos in the administration.
The Senate Foreign Relations Chairman, who is a former ally of President Trump, suggested White House Chief of Staff John Kelly, James Mattis, and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson are the “people that help help separate our country from chaos”.
When asked by a reporter if they were referring to President Trump when they mentioned chaos, Mr Corker was unable to deny that they were alluding to him.
The Republican said: "(Mattis, Kelly and Tillerson) work very well together to make sure the policies we put forth around the world are sound and coherent.”
They added: “There are other people within the administration that don't. I hope they stay because they're valuable to the national security of our nation."
The Tennessee Senator, who recently announced they would not run for re-election in 2018, took aim at the US president for undermining Mr Tillerson.
Tension between President Trump and Mr Tillerson over how the US should resolve the North Korea crisis has reached a head in recent days. After the Secretary of State said Washington was in talks to end the missile crisis with North Korea, President Trump suggested their diplomatic efforts would fail.
"I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful Secretary of State, that they are wasting their time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man," President Trump tweeted on Sunday morning.
They added: “Save your energy Rex, we'll do what has to be done!”
Mr Corker has now said Mr Tillerson is "in an incredibly frustrating place," adding: "He ends up not being supported in the way I would hope a secretary of state would be supported ... He's in a very trying situation - trying to solve many of the world's problems without the support and help I'd like to see them have."
Their comments come on the same day Mr Tillerson held an impromptu press conference to dismiss reports they have ever considered resigning from their role but also refused to deny that they had called the President a "moron" in a fit of rage during the summer.
Mr Corker, who was once a vice presidential contender for the billionaire business person, has openly criticised Mr Trump before.
Days after the president blamed “both sides” for the deadly violence in Charlottesville which erupted in August, Mr Corker said: "The president has not yet been able to demonstrate the stability nor some of the competence that they need to demonstrate in order to be successful”.
They remained steadfastly committed to the remarks when pressed about them later, saying they did not regret them.
"I stand by those words," they said, adding that they visited the White House recently and discussed it directly with President Trump.
They said: "When I met with the President a week ago Friday, I said, 'Mr. President I stand by what I said'”.
At the end of September, Mr Corker announced they would be stepping down. "After much thought, consideration and family discussion over the past year, Elizabeth and I have decided that I will leave the United States Senate when my term expires at the end of 2018," they said in a statement.
A boy about six months old was brought to the Magen David Adom emergency service at the Sarah Junction Route 40 entrance to Be'er Sheva', Monday evening after they drowned in a tub.
The infant was described in serious condition as medics and paramedics engaged in resuscitation efforts.
WASHINGTON — The special counsel appointed to investigate Russian influence in the 2016 presidential campaign is now examining whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday evening.
Accusations of obstruction arose last month when Trump fired FBI Director James Comey. Comey testified in a Senate hearing last week that they believed they were fired “because of the Russia investigation.”
Comey also testified they had told Trump they were not under investigation.
The Post and The New York Times both reported that Mueller was seeking interviews with three Trump administration officials who weren't involved in Trump's campaign: Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence; Michael Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency; and Richard Ledgett, the former NSA deputy director.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's personal lawyer, responded Wednesday evening to the Post report by saying: “The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
The Post report cites anonymous sources who were briefed on requests made by investigators. It was not known whether the FBI was the source of the information.
Mueller met Wednesday with the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee in an effort to ensure their investigations don't conflict.
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence committee said in a statement issued Wednesday that they “look forward to future engagements” with Robert Mueller.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the panel's top Democrat, didn't provide any other details regarding the meeting. An aide familiar with the meeting said it was held to discuss the investigations, including ways that the parallel inquiries don't interfere with one another. The aide spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was private.
The meeting comes a day after lawmakers questioned Justice Department officials about the probe and Mueller's independence, and after a friend of Trump said the White House was considering firing Mueller.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed Mueller last month, testified Tuesday they have seen no evidence of good cause to fire Mueller.
Also Wednesday, Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley said their panel will investigate the removal of former FBI Director James Comey and “any alleged improper partisan interference in law enforcement investigations.”
Grassley announced the investigation in a letter to California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the panel's top Democrat. Grassley's office said the letter is in response to a recent letter from Feinstein requesting that the committee seek details from senior FBI leadership about Comey's interactions with President Donald Trump before they were fired.
The letter said the investigation will also probe Comey's testimony that Loretta Lynch, as President Barack Obama's attorney general, had directed them to describe an FBI probe into Hillary Clinton's email practices as merely a “matter” and to avoid calling it an investigation.
“You and I agree that the American people deserve a full accounting of attempts to meddle in both our democratic processes and the impartial administration of justice … It is my view that fully investigating the facts, circumstances, and rationale for Mr. Comey's removal will provide us the opportunity to do that on a co-operative, bipartisan basis,” according to the letter.
Feinstein has said the Judiciary Committee should investigate, but had asked Grassley to keep the investigations separate. Grassley said Comey's dismissal and Comey's testimony on Lynch should be looked at together, noting that Comey “took the opportunity in their testimony to clear their own name by denouncing as false the administration's claims that the FBI rank-and-file had lost confidence in Mr. Comey's leadership in the wake of the Clinton email investigation.”
MORE ABOUT DONALD TRUMP:
At least 18 dead in China karaoke lounge fire
A fire tore through a karaoke lounge in southern China on Tuesday, killing 18 people and injuring another five in a suspected arson case, police and state media said.
The blaze took place after midnight in a three-storey building in Qingyuan City, Guangdong province, and was put out shortly before 1:00 am local time, according to the police.
A preliminary investigation found that the fire was caused by arson, the Qingyuan public security department said on its Weibo social media account.
“The public security authorities are stepping up their investigation,” it said.
The police statement did not describe the location of the fire but the official Xinhua news agency said it occurred in a KTV house, or karaoke lounge.
Deadly fires are common in China, where safety regulations are widely flouted and enforcement is often lax.
A blaze that killed 38 people at a nursing home in 2015 sparked soul-searching about safety standards in China. Courts jailed 21 people, including firefighters and government staff, over the fire last year.
In the days following the accident, China's top safety watchdog said the facility had poorly-designed fire exits, while safety checks, fire and electricity management, and the emergency response system were all found lacking.
More than two dozen people were killed in two fires in Beijing's migrant neighbourhoods late last year. The first blaze, which killed 19 people in November, prompted authorities to begin tearing down unsafe buildings in the capital, driving residents out in the middle of winter.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Reps back financial autonomy for LGs
By Emman Ovuakporie
ABUJA—SOME members of the House of Representatives, yesterday supported the call by National Union of Local Government Employees, NULGE, for autonomy for the third tier of government in Nigeria.
But the lawmakers placed more emphasis on financial autonomy to free local governments from the shackles of state governors who, in most cases, see them as an extension of the state government.
In their comments, Uzoma Nkem-Abonta, Chairman, House Committee on Public Petitions, representingUkwa East/West Constituency of Abia State, said local governments should enjoy financial autonomy to enable them function optimally to enhance grassroot development.
He, however, explained that to fulfill the aspirations and spirit of the third tier of government, it was designed to have semblance of a full fledged government with legislative and an executive arms that were democratically elected as provided for in Section 7 of the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended.
They said: “This is to enable decisions and policies arrived at have the force of law but do they also want a police or army or even a judiciary, the constitution do not envisage this.
“In a bid not to make it an appendage of the state, financial autonomy will make the third tier of government function optimally.''
In their reaction, Ehiozuwa Johnson Agbonayinma,PDP, and Chairman House adhoc C'ttee on Nigeria/US Relations representing Ikpba Oha/Egor Fed Constituency in Edo State, supported the idea of financial autonomy for local governments but quickly pointed out that caretaker committees should no longer be allowed to man local governments.
According to him, this is another monumental level of corruption.
They said: “All along, we had a three-tier system of government, then suddenly, governors started imposing caretaker committees which is an aberration that must be jettisoned as this further encourages corruption.
“What this translates into is that if governors can wake up one morning and suspend democratically elected local governments, then Mr President can equally wake up one morning and suspend a democratically elected governor and appoint a caretaker governor to run the affairs of a state.
The post Reps back financial autonomy for LGs appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
For the second-straight season, the Midwestern State men's soccer program was crowned NCAA Division II attendance champions after averaging 727 spectators for the 2016 season.
The Mustangs led the nation by an average of over 150 fans per game last season en route to claiming a Division II-best sixth average attendance title since the NCAA began keeping records in 1998. Midwestern State also led the country in total attendance with 7,997 seeing the Mustangs in action across 11 home games in 2016.
MSU won its 12th attendance crown, all coming since the 2007 season. The Mustangs were first in the country in average attendance in 2008, 2010, 2012, 2013 and 2015 while leading the nation in total attendance in 2007, 2008, 2010, 2013 and 2015.
Carson-Newman (Tenn.) finished second in the attendance race with an average of 575 fans per game while fellow Heartland Conference foe Rogers State (Okla.) came in third with an average of 510.
MSU's home schedule in 2016 featured several key matchups for Mustangs fans last season including contests against a former conference foe in Northeastern State (Okla.), a meeting with conference rival West Texas A&M, a pair of Heartland Conference Championship matchups against Newman (Kan.) and No. 13 St. Edward's (Texas) and a NCAA second round game with No. 15 Colorado Mesa.
The Mustangs drew a season-high 1,049 fans in their matchup with West Texas A&M on Sept. 15 while seeing 989 in attendance for their season opener against Northeastern State on Sept. 12.
Midwestern State put together its sixth run to the national quarterfinals in program history last season with an 18-4-1 record and a regular season title in its first season competing in the Heartland Conference.
In 2016, the Mustangs boasted one of the top defensive units in the country, ranking eighth nationally with a 0.65 goals against average with 12 shutouts. The MSU offense was equally impressive with an average of 2.3 goals per game for 21st nationally.
Midwestern State opens up the 2017 season at MSU Soccer Field Friday, Sept. 1 at 7 p.m. against Fort Lewis (Colo.).
Copyright 2017 KAUZ Sports/MSU Athletic Communications All Rights Reserved
WASHINGTON (AP) — As Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits the White House, the Trump administration has suggested that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a position that could represent a dramatic shift from 20 years of U.S. policy.
Speaking to reporters ahead of President Donald Trump's meeting Wednesday with Netanyahu, a senior White House official said Tuesday that Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hoping to bring them together soon.
But the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the meeting beforehand, said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail — and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
For decades, the U.S. position has been that Israelis and Palestinians must work through direct negotiations to establish two states living side by side, at peace, with Palestinians to ultimately create an independent state. All serious peace negotiations in that time have assumed that the two-state solution was the basis for future peace.
State Department officials expressed surprise at the comments and said Tuesday they were not aware of any policy shift on the desirability of a two-state solution. Three officials said the department was seeking clarification from the White House comments, which came as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was having dinner with Netanyahu. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
During their final White House news conference, Obama warned that the moment for a two-state solution “may be passing” and said the “status quo is unsustainable.”
It was not clear if the Trump White House had intended to declare a major shift in policy during the hastily arranged briefing Tuesday night.
Netanyahu is scheduled to meet with Trump at the White House Wednesday. The two leaders will hold a joint news conference before convening for meetings and a working lunch. The prime minister will then head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Trump takes pride in their deal-making skills and said during their campaign that he'd love the challenge of negotiating a Mideast agreement. They have appointed their son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to lead the effort.
The White House official said the visit was meant to mark a new, closer relationship between Israel and the United States, an alliance that came under strain during the Obama years.
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts as well as expanded Israeli settlements, Iran and Trump's campaign pledge to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
The latter would signal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a move that would infuriate Palestinians. They claim the eastern sector of the city, captured by Israel in the 1967 war, as their capital.
American presidents have long struck a delicate balance fin addressing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, stressing the close U.S. friendship with Israel and lavishing the Jewish state with bountiful aid. But recent presidents also have tried to negotiate, and they have called out Israel for actions seen as undermining peace efforts, such as expanding settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Trump told The Associated Press during their campaign that they wanted to be “very neutral” and try to get both sides together. But their tone became decidedly more pro-Israel as the campaign progressed. They have spoken disparagingly of Palestinians, saying they have been “taken over” by or are condoning militant groups. Some of their top aides challenge the legitimacy of Palestinian demands for a state.
After repeatedly clashing with Obama for eight years, capped by a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements, Netanyahu seemed relieved by Trump's arrival. Trump slammed the U.S. decision to abstain from the U.N. vote, saying in December that Israel is being treated “very, very unfairly.”
Now in office, however, Trump has been forced to re-evaluate and revisit their position on a number of issues — including those relating to Israel.
After initially greeting Israel's settlement announcements with a shrug, Trump appears to be having second thoughts. In an interview with a pro-Netanyahu Israeli daily last Friday, Trump said, “I am not somebody that believes that going forward with these settlements is a good thing for peace.”
While Wednesday's meeting is expected to be much warmer than Netanyahu's famously tense encounters with Obama, the Israeli leader will still need to tread with caution on sensitive issues like Israeli settlement construction, Iran and the war in Syria.
In dealing with Trump, Netanyahu will also face some potential pitfalls. Key constituencies, including congressional Democrats and many American Jews, oppose Trump's policies, while at home Netanyahu is under pressure from their hard-line allies to push for policies that Trump may not support.
“Netanyahu seeks to shift the discussion in the U.S.-Israel relationship away from settlements and peace and back to Iran so that they can put off the difficult political decisions that would roil their coalition and put their rule in jeopardy,” said Yousef Munayyer, a political analyst and executive director of the U.S. Campaign for Palestinian Rights.
“The challenge to Netanyahu is domestic,” Munayyer added. “He spent so much time arguing that Obama was the problem that now that we are in the post-Obama era, their right-wing coalition partners want to exploit the moment and take huge steps that would further isolate Israel, trigger international condemnation from other corners, and potentially destabilize the land and Israeli politics.”
Ahead of the visit, Netanyahu said they would handle ties with the U.S. in a “prudent manner,” but they steered clear of specifics.
The Israeli prime minister is also scheduled to have breakfast Thursday with Vice President Mike Pence before departing for Israel.
__
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report.
U.S. sanctions on Russia may be disproportionate, says Trump
A top aide to President-elect Donald Trump said in an interview aired on Sunday that the White House may have disproportionately punished Russia by ordering the expulsion of 35 suspected Russian spies.
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on ABC's “This Week” that Trump will be asking questions of U.S. intelligence agencies after President Barack Obama imposed sanctions last week on two Russian intelligence agencies over what they said was their involvement in hacking political groups in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Obama also ordered Russia to vacate two U.S. facilities as part of the tough sanctions on Russia.
“One of the questions that we have is why the magnitude of this? I mean you look at 35 people being expelled, two sites being closed down, the question is, is that response in proportion to the actions taken? Maybe it was; maybe it wasn't but you have to think about that,” Spicer said.
Trump is to have briefings with intelligence agencies this week after they return to New York on Sunday.
On Saturday, Trump expressed continued skepticism over whether Russia was responsible for computer hacks of Democratic Party officials.
“I think it's unfair if we don't know. It could be somebody else. I also know things that other people don't know so we cannot be sure,” Trump said.
They said they would disclose some information on the issue on Tuesday or Wednesday, without elaborating. It is unclear if, upon taking office on Jan. 20, they would seek to roll back Obama's actions, which mark a post-Cold War low in U.S.-Russian ties.
Spicer said that after China in 2015 seized records of U.S. government employees “no action publicly was taken. Nothing, nothing was taken when millions of people had their private information, including information on security clearances that was shared. Not one thing happened.”
“So there is a question about whether there's a political retribution here versus a diplomatic response,” they added.
PRESSURE IN CONGRESS
U.S. intelligence agencies say Russia was behind hacks into Democratic Party organizations and operatives before the presidential election. Moscow denies this. U.S. intelligence officials say the Russian cyberattacks aimed to help Trump defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Republican John McCain, chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has scheduled a hearing for Thursday on foreign cyber threats and has said that Russia must be made to pay the price for attacks “on our very fundamentals of democracy.
The top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee said on the same ABC program that Congress would push for an even harsher reprisal against Russia and warned Trump against undoing Obama's sanctions.
We think that more has to be done. We don't think that frankly the steps that have been taken are enough of a deterrent,” said Representative Adam Schiff, a California Democrat. “And you're going to see bipartisan support in Congress for stronger sanctions against Russia.”
Senator Tom Cotton, a Republican from Arkansas, said on “Fox News Sunday” that Obama's sanctions were not enough.
Russian President Vladimir Putin decided not to expel anyone in retaliation, saying they would consider the actions of Trump when deciding on further steps. Trump, who has repeatedly praised Putin, said the Russian leader was “very smart” for holding back.
Russian diplomats who were expelled by Obama left Washington on Sunday, Russian news agencies reported, citing Russia's embassy.
The post U.S. sanctions on Russia may be disproportionate, says Trump appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Smart Cities Garner Optimism, But Challenges Remain
Government agencies across the U.S. and around the world are making progress as they experiment with a new generation of smart-city technologies that improve efficiencies, expand services, and reduce costs. While the concept of "smart cities" holds tremendous potential, many challenges remain.
A new report titled, "Building Smarter Cities and Communities," from technology association CompTIA provides interesting insights. CompTIA researchers surveyed 350 government officials and found that nearly three-quarters of them have a positive view of smart city developments.
Anticipated benefits of smart city solutions include cost savings from operational efficiencies; optimizing use of resources; improved government services and interaction for citizens; better stream of data to improve decision-making; and the opportunity to attract tech-savvy workers and businesses.
"The government officials we surveyed have a strong interest in using smart city projects to deliver direct benefits to their citizens and business communities," said Liz Hyman, who serves as CompTIA executive vice president, with a focus on public advocacy.
More Funding and Expertise Needed
Funding challenges are the number one concern for government officials considering smart-city projects. CompTIA noted that, "Most government entities have little wiggle room within budgets to shift funds from critical government services to investments in new areas, such as smart cities."
But money isn't the only problem. Cybersecurity related to smart cities is another top concern, and perhaps even more difficult to overcome.
Calling cybersecurity "mission critical" for any successful smart-city initiative, Hyman explained: "Our nation's smart-cities initiatives will require a new contingent of cyber workers. We must ensure that both private and public entities are deploying policies and initiatives that provide the supply of IT workers to meet the soaring demand."
In fact, CompTIA found that 40 percent of government officials and personnel cite "skills gaps and a lack of necessary expertise" as a primary area of concern affecting the expansion of smart cities initiatives.
"The next phase of smart cities growth will be contingent on expanding the depth and breadth of expertise among government IT staff and, as challenging as it may be, to expand their workforce," said Tim Herbert, senior vice president, research and market intelligence, CompTIA.
Old telecom infrastructure is another obstacle. CompTIA reports that 7 out of 10 municipalities with a smart city initiative or pilot underway report having to make upgrades to their telecommunications infrastructure before proceeding.
Other challenges the research found involve management and direction. These issues revolve around building a business case for a smart city project; finding government and community leaders to champion the effort; and, deciding which initiatives are most worthwhile.
Next Steps
The CompTIA report concludes that four major factors will continue to influence the timeline for building smart cities:
Elevating the understanding of smart city concepts will take time, but "bridge technologies" -- including smart technologies for the home and office -- can help.
Making the leap from digital to "smart" will require advancements on many fronts, from technology and broadband infrastructures to workflow and user experience.
Collecting, managing, and securing data properly will be absolutely critical to smart city success.
Keeping smart cities cyber-safe will require resources and a commitment to shared responsibilities for security.
The full report on "Building Smarter Cities and Communities" is available directly from CompTIA to registered users.
Additional information and resources are available from the Smart Cities Council, which is hosting the Smart Cities Week 2017 conference in Washington, DC, this week.
Making Progress
Wondering who's working on smart-city products and services?
Some of the companies exhibiting at Smart Cities Week 2017 include: Amazon Web Services, AT&T, Batelle, Bosch, CIVIQ, Comcast, CompTIA, Dell EMC, DLT, Deloitte, EY, Fybr, HERE, Hitachi, Itron, Mapbox, Parsons, Pennoni, Qualcomm, Seat Pleasant, SyNexxus, Verizon, and Victor Stanley.
And in Innovation Alley at the show were: Ameresco, Canada, Connected Nation Exchange, CIMCON Lighting, CityBase, Commsignia, CommuniThings, Databuoy, Echelon, Gannett Fleming, German Federal Ministry of Education, IES, IKE Smart City, Inrix, LimeBike, Localintel, netLINK Controls, OpenDataSoft, RadioLocus, Ruckus, S&C Electric Company, Smart City Media, Ubicquia, Waycare, and the Wireless Infrastructure Association.
Image credit: iStock.
Famous Nollywood actor, James Ikechukwu Esomugha, otherwise known as Jim Iyke has described Nigeria as a joke of Africa.
The actor said the giant of Africa title had since been taken away from Nigeria due to bad leadership.
Iyke was among those who on Wednesday stormed Abuja to join forces with anti-Buhari protesters who are seekingg for the resignation or the resumption of president Buhari.
Jim Iyke, who spoke to newsmen in Abuja said that “Nigeria that was once the giant of Africa is now the joke of Africa”.
They equally stressed that our ‘mumu don do.'
“Enough is enough. It is a simple thing, our mantra is one and our decision is one.
“Unequivocally, we are saying that the president either resumes or resigns. It is natural when you get old; you shift and let the young ones take over.”
Watch the video below:
Day 2 of the Niagara Falls Review High School Boys Basketball Tournament is all about comebacks for teams on the consolation side of the bracket.
Qualifying-round losers have two chances to end the eight-team competition on a winning note, giving their programs something to build on heading into the playoffs less than two weeks from now.
At this year's tournament the Greater Fort Erie Gryphons were the team that made the most of the opportunity. Niagara's newest high school rebounded from an opening-round loss to St. Michael by defeating Stamford 68-44 in the semifinals and host Westlane 56-29 to win the consolation championship.
Austin Ladouceur, selected their team's player of the game after leading all scorers in the B final with 17 points, said the Gryphons returned to the court Friday morning knowing they needed to “pick some momentum.”
Rather than dwell solely on how rusty and out of sync they were in a 57-35 loss to St. Michael, they needed to build on positives from that game.
“We needed to be in the right mindset for the games today,” the 6-foot guard said.
They called the loss to the Mustangs a wakeup call.
“It definitely got us to check and see where we need to be.”
Ladouceur suggested playing two games in one day, while exhausting to some players, could be an advantage, with momentum from the first carrying over into the second.
“It definitely could be an advantage if you have a good first game.”
Ladouceur's biggest individual takeaway from the tournament was the need for improved defence going forward.
“We tend to switch defences a lot,” they said. “I think we need to work on one and just go from there.”
Once again, all 12 games in the 40th edition of the tournament were played at Westlane, but Spartans guard Daniyal Siddiqui didn't feel extra pressure playing on their homecourt.
“Not really, because we have great fans right here,” the Grade 12 student said after competing in their second, and final, Review Tournament.
“We are disappointed that we lost, but I think overall we did have better defence.”
They were proud of the team's work ethic.
“To us, we never want to get outworked by someone and I'm pretty sure we hustled,” Siddiqui said. “There were a few shots that weren't falling for us.”
Joel Coopman, with 16 points; Ethan VanNatter, 13; Darcy Allen, four; Bailee Wangler, three; Andrew Rouble, two; and Donovan Morgan, one; also scored for Greater Fort Erie.
The Gryphons have made a habit of making it to the final night of high school tournaments in the region. They won the consolation championship at the Standard Tournament in St. Catharines and were the consolation finalst at the Tribune Tournament one month later in Welland.
Putting points on the scoreboard for Westlane, which lost 50-45 to A.N. Myer on Day 1 and defeated Niagara Christian 53-34 in the semifinal round, were Dudley Kou, 16; Siddiqui, six; Deep Dhillon, five; Kyle Daneliuk, one; and Bailey Schaefer, one.
Niagara Christian defeated Stamford 58-51 in the seventh-place final.
bfranke@postmedia.com
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Oliver Ekman-Larsson scored twice late in the third period to lead the Arizona Coyotes to a 5-2 win over the Calgary Flames on Monday night.
Max Domi also had two goals for Arizona, including an empty-netter with 21 seconds left, and had an assist on Ekman-Larsson's tiebreaking goal. Richard Panik scored early in the second period for the Coyotes, and Antti Raanta stopped 42 shots.
Dougie Hamilton had a goal and an assist, and Sean Monahan also scored as Calgary lost for the fourth time in five games. Mike Smith finished with 25 saves.
Domi stole a pass in the Calgary zone and beat Smith to tie the score at 2-2 with about 2 1/2 minutes left in the second period.
Both teams missed several scoring chances in the third period until Ekman-Larsson put the Coyotes ahead with 3:41 remaining with their 100th career goal. They then had an empty-netter 2:04 later for their 13th of the season to double the lead.
Smith started their first game at Gila River Arena since the Flames acquired them from Arizona last summer. A video tribute to the Coyotes' all-time leader in games played and shutouts was shown during a stoppage in play in the first period, and Smith offered a quick wave after being welcomed back.
Arizona went up 1-0 on Panik's goal at 5:15 of the second. Panik fired in a wrist shot from their knees off Clayton Keller's cross-ice pass. Keller, a rookie, scored a point in their fifth straight game and has nine in their last 10 games. Their 53 points lead the Coyotes this season.
The Flames tied it on Hamilton's goal at 9:05 of the second, their 16th of the season. Hamilton's 43 points lead Calgary defensemen.
Zac Rinaldo got free on a breakaway late in the period, but Smith kept the puck out of the net, pinning it to the near post where Rinaldo tried to stuff it home.
The Flames took the lead with 4:32 left in the middle period as Monahan put in a rebound for their team-leading 31st. The advantage lasted just two minutes.
Neither team scored in the first period, but a goal by Monahan at with about seven minutes to go was disallowed because of a delayed penalty. The Coyotes totaled six penalty minutes in the first, all related to physical play and scuffles with Flames players.
Domi was called for high sticking and raised their penalty-minute total to 67, which leads the Coyotes.
NOTES: The Coyotes were without head coach Rick Tocchet on Monday, as they left the team to attend their mother's funeral near Toronto. Tocchet is expected to rejoin the Coyotes on Wednesday when they visit Buffalo. ... The Coyotes embark on a six-game road trip after Monday's game and will play eight of their final 10 regular-season games away from home. ... Flames D TJ Brodie missed their first game of the season, scratched due to an upper-body injury suffered Sunday at Vegas. ... F Matthew Tkachuk was also scratched, missing their fourth straight game with an upper-body injury. ... C Sam Bennett served four penalty minutes for roughing.
UP NEXT
Flames: Host Anaheim on Wednesday night.
Coyotes: At Buffalo on Wednesday night.
It's always a great time when we're testing in the dunes, especially when we're driving two of the baddest UTV's out there currently. Take a ride with us out at Dumont dunes!
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of theirs describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," they say.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; they note that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, they say. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" they say.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," they say. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
Man Utd complete £31 million signing of Lindelof
Manchester United on Wednesday completed the signing of Swedish international centre-back Victor Lindelof from Benfica for a fee believed to be £31 million (35m euros, $39.6m), the English Premier League side announced.
“I am thrilled to be joining Manchester United,” said the 22-year-old after penning a four-year deal.
“I have enjoyed my time at Benfica enormously and I have learned a lot there. But I'm looking forward to playing in the Premier League at Old Trafford and for Jose Mourinho.”
The post Man Utd complete £31 million signing of Lindelof appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Obanikoro, Coca kola lock horns over N96m judgment debt
Justice Akeem Alogba of a Lagos High Court sitting in Ikeja has fixed July 11, 2017 to rule on a motion filed by Nigerian Bottling Ltd seeking to set aside a garnishee order granted against five banks in respect of an N96.8m judgment awarded in favour of Senator Musiliu Obanikoro.
The politician had in 2010 dragged NBC before an Edo High court seeking damages over an accident that along Lagos-Benin Highway where a Coca-Cola truck crashed into their daughter's car, killing the driver, a police orderly and their daughter's friend, Ibukun Adeniyi.
Obanikoro's daughter, Abidemi who was the only surviving person in the accident was subsequently flown to South Africa for life saving medical procedure.
Six years after, the Edo High Court sitting in Auchi delivered a judgment ordering the NBC to pay N96,767,737.52 in favour of the plaintiffs.
While $184,236.52 (N76,694,612) was specifically awarded as cost for medical expenses for Abidemi's treatment, R48,779.66 (N1,073,152.52) was awarded for their hotel accommodation and N10million to Mrs Agnes Akele for the death of their husband who was the driver of the car.
The court also awarded N1,500,000 to Obanikoro as expenses incurred on behalf of their late driver and police and another N10,000,000 to the daughter as general damages for their pain and suffering.
Although NBC appealed the quantum of amount awarded in favour of the plaintiffs, Obanikoro through their lawyer, Lawal Pedro, (SAN) registered the judgment before the Lagos High Court since NBC's headquarters is located in Lagos.
Obanikoro subsequently obtained a garnishee order against five banks where NBC accounts are domicile. NBC appealed against the Garnishee order.
Opposing the order, NBC lawyer, Ademola Isaac Olawoye urged the court to set aside the garnishee order as it lacked jurisdiction to hear the matter.
They argued that since an appeal has been filed in respect of the judgment delivered by Edo High Court, no other court can adjudicate on the matter.
In their response, Lawal Pedro, SAN asked the court to disregard the argument of judgment debtor as there is no evidence before the court to show that an appeal has actually been entered against the Edo High Court judgment.
Justice Kazeem Alogba adjourned the matter to July 11, 2017 for ruling.
The post Obanikoro, Coca kola lock horns over N96m judgment debt appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — A judge has ruled that a class-action lawsuit can proceed against the Royal Winnipeg Ballet and a photographer who is alleged to have taken intimate photos of students.
Lawyer Margaret Waddell says about 60 people have been identified so far as potential class-action members in the lawsuit against the ballet company and Bruce Monk, who worked as a photographer between 1984 and 2015.
The lead plaintiff, Sarah Doucet, alleges Monk pressured them into letting them take semi-nude photos of them as a teenager and then distributed them.
The allegations have not been proven in court, and both Monk and the ballet company have filed statements of defence denying the accusations.
Police investigated a complaint against Monk in 2015 but no charges were laid.
The recent decision by an Ontario Superior Court justice certifies Doucet's case as a class-action lawsuit, although the defendants have 30 days to appeal the ruling.
"To date, 53 former students have contacted (Doucet's lawyer) self-identifying as potential class members, or they have been identified by the witnesses on this motion as students whose photographs are on the internet and who may have been photographed by Mr. Monk in a private setting," the ruling states.
Lawyers for Monk and the Royal Winnipeg Ballet were not immediately available for comment Wednesday.
Waddell said there are still a few steps before the lawsuit can be heard.
"We have to get notice out to the class members, to let everybody know that the action has been certified ,and they have an opportunity to decide if they want to exclude themselves," Waddell said.
Granbury played better than the final score indicated but lost a 48-17 game to the Crowley Eagles on the road Friday.
The Pirates trailed 16-7 at one point, but couldn't stop Crowley running back Rodrick Williams, who accounted for seven touchdowns, including a 94-yard run and two fourth-quarter kickoff returns, one for 90 yards and the other for 96.
Granbury was without three starters, including running back Ty Williams.
Granbury's record is now 3-2 (0-2 District 9-5A). They'll travel to Joshua next Friday.
I Can't Date A Man Who Is Not Good In Bed – Bolatito Sowunmi Aka Miss Pepeye
Nollywood actor, Bolatito Sowunmi who is famous for their role as Miss Pepeye in Wale Adenuga's foremost comedy “Papa Ajasco” sat with Broadway TV in an exclusive interview to talk about their journey so far, what next and their exit from the famous TV show. The actor shared that they belong in Nollywood despite having …
The post I Can't Date A Man Who Is Not Good In Bed – Bolatito Sowunmi Aka Miss Pepeye appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The letter, dated Monday and addressed to a White House ethics official, asked President Donald Trump's administration to investigate the incident and gave it two weeks to provide its findings and detail any disciplinary steps taken.
Conway, Trump's presidential campaign manager and now a senior counselor, said on Fox News last week that Americans should "go buy Ivanka's stuff." They spoke after retailer Nordstrom announced it was dropping the branded line of Ivanka Trump, the president's older daughter.
Federal ethics rules prohibit executive branch employees from using their positions to endorse products.
"There is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted," Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub wrote in the letter.
Stefan Passantino, the White House ethics official named in the letter, declined to comment. A White House spokesperson did not reply to a request for comment.
The ethics office has little enforcement power. It can formally recommend disciplinary action if the White House does not act, Shaub said in a separate letter to two U.S. lawmakers who sought a review of Conway's remarks.
Following video from Feb. 10
That recommendation would not be binding, and the process would take until late April or early May, Shaub said. If the ethics office does formally recommend discipline, it would be up to the White House to decide any steps against Conway.
Norman Eisen, who was ethics chief under President Barack Obama, said Congress also could call hearings or subpoena documents if the White House did not act.
Trump themselves earlier attacked Nordstrom for dropping their daughter's brand. The ethics rules that bar endorsements do not apply to the president, though critics said their comments were inappropriate.
Nordstrom said it made the decision because sales had steadily declined, especially in the last half of 2016, to where carrying the line "didn't make good business sense."
In their letter to the White House, Shaub wrote that their office's regulatory guidelines include an example violation in which a hypothetical presidential appointee promotes a product in a television commercial. They said Conway's remarks closely mirrored that example of what not to do.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said on Thursday that Conway had been "counseled," but Shaub wrote that the Office of Government Ethics had not been informed of any corrective steps.
For the last five years I've been part of a team of students named STEMpunk, building robots that compete in the global FIRST Robotics Competition. For four of those years our robots regularly ranked in the lower third of the 55-plus teams at our regional competitions. But this year, after our leadership group used lean methodology to transform the way we build robots, our machine ranked second overall at the regional in Lacrosse, Wisc. You could say our team completely agrees that our new lean management approach will be a constant feature in our future.
It all started with an internship opportunity last year. As part of our team's relationship with our sponsor Vollrath, I was hired to work with their manager of continuous improvement, Curt Knoll. Since Curt was studying an assembly line to establish operator balance, I spent many hours recording time study data and developing standard work documents. As I was spending my time in the Ohno circle, I learned to recognize waste and how it impacted productivity.
It didn't take me long to realize our robotics team build process was flawed; not only did we hobble our productivity, bumping into the eight industry wastes at every opportunity, we did it unknowingly and without significant improvement from year to year. I imagined how our team could benefit from applying the powerful waste reduction tools Curt was teaching me, and set out to transform our team's approach.
STEMpunk is run like a small business, with several student captains forming its management group. I needed to convince my fellow captains that applying Lean manufacturing concepts to our robot build process would be a worthwhile effort. Each year we have six weeks to design, prototype, CAD, fabricate, assemble, wire, code, test and iterate a 120-pound robot. Year after year we have been limited by our schedule, and often downstream subteams such as the programming division get little time to deploy and test their code. After I promised my leadership team a potential 50% reduction in our lead time, I had all the buy-in I needed.
We set a strategy to implement lean with five initiatives in mind: 6S, value stream mapping, 8W waste reduction, flow production, and A3 documentation.
The Implementation
A 6S initiative was our first effort to implement lean manufacturing technique. We reorganized our stored premanufactured parts and raw materials such as electronics and extruded aluminum. Our toolbox drawers were foam boarded and streamlined to carry only the tools we used most frequently. Hand power tools were set up on a shadow board to establish a visual workplace that encouraged a standard of cleanliness. Our safety captain established standard responses to emergency situations and created a user-friendly SDS handbook, color-coded and streamlined for anyone to be able to quickly find what they need.
Next, value stream mapping allowed us to analyze our high-level process to identify waste and kaizen opportunities. As subteam captains, we were each process owners and qualified to suggest opportunities to eliminate waste. We understood our current state used all of our build season for the production of a single product with little room for testing or iteration. After several weeks of discussion, we laid out a future state VSM with an expected 50% reduction in lead time that would free up time for testing and improvement.
Each of our captains was put in charge of an A3 project on one of the eight industry wastes. The idea was to work through the ones that most frequently showed up in our VSM discussion, then move on to the less significant issues later. Waiting turned out to be our biggest waste as our linear build season only allowed for one subteam to add value to the product at a time. Our solution was to manufacture two identical products simultaneously, so we could juggle the products back and forth between subteams and maintain a high level of productivity. This change is illustrated in the following waste-reduction A3 document. The addition of a second identical product was also justified because it would help create higher-volume, lower-mix product families.
To hit our value stream goals, we needed to fabricate parts more efficiently. We were banking on establishing flow in the machine shop to produce at high volume. Our product runs are relatively high mix, but they share process steps. For example, a right angle bracket with four ¼ inch holes on one face and a square tube with two ¼ inch holes on either side are different parts, but they share a near identical fabrication process. We expected to create flow by balancing work content across these repeatable process steps, and running all the parts through the same line. We drafted a spaghetti map that helped us visualize the line, then added workstations and operators to balance higher work content process steps. We expected an average takt time of 4.5 minutes, but created both fast flow lanes and high load lanes to handle the variance in work content.
After designing the parts for the robot based on prototyping and CAD, we created drawing files of every part. This helped us estimate the work content based on the frequency of repeated processes and expected changeovers. We created a product family matrix based on this information and then scheduled the work content according to those families. Each work station had a work order packet that included a schedule and drawing prints of the parts it would be running. We expected some variance and barriers, so I handled the flexing of operators and work content throughout the product runs. Although many of the parts had total run times as long as 45 minutes, we machined 68 parts in five hours, averaging around 4.5 minutes per part, right on our goal.
The Returns
Every effort we undertook this year was documented for reference next year when we repeat the value stream and waste reduction process. These documents also came in handy when we presented to the judges at our regional competitions. In Duluth, Minn., we were recognized with the Engineering Inspiration award, the second most prestigious award in the competition. This qualifies us for the world championship in Detroit, and recognizes the impact our program has both on our own students and community.
During a match, STEMpunk's robot is about to place a cube on a platform to score a point.
Ultimately, we hit many of our ambitious goals. Completing two identical products much earlier in our build season allowed us to test, iterate and improve the modules on the machine. Our linear elevator is currently in its third iteration while our pneumatic claw is in its fifth iteration. Our programming team was also able to tune our control system and develop extensive autonomous code that helps us get extra points. Our machine has performed admirably in both of our regional competitions, and we expect to be competitive at the world championship in Detroit.
The Future
Because lean helped us become competitive, we want to share these techniques and practices with other local teams. We are currently preparing a brochure to share with the other teams at the world championship. We will also be presenting to our sister team Droid Rage and other Manitowoc County teams. As we become more adept and established in lean practices, we expect to host workshops where we will invite Wisconsin teams to help them rework their process with lean.
Our FIRST robotics team, STEMpunk, in cooperation with an industry business supporting STEM education, The Vollrath Company, is growing respect and appreciation for lean methodology within the STEM education community. This is creating a talent pool of young future STEM professionals who will already be familiar with lean methodology before even working in industry. We hope that showing business professionals that high school kids are successfully implementing lean manufacturing tools in the production of robots will help inspire industries that haven't already begun to adopt lean practices.
Ambrose Wiering is a home-schooled high school senior from Two Rivers, Wisc. They have been the business captain on their FIRST robotics team for the past four years. During this time, Wiering led several initiatives to grow STEM education within their community and mentored several youth robotics teams. Next fall Wiering will study mechanical engineering at the University of Alabama. There they will be part of the IGSEP Two Steps Ahead program, which that will allow them to study for a semester in Germany at the Hochschule Esslingen, University of Applied Sciences. In the future, Wiering hopes to be involved in both innovative product design and STEM education.
It may be Valentine's day around the world but today in Mississauga, it is “Hazel McCallion day.”
Hazel celebrated their 96th birthday with hundreds of people, including the Premier of Ontario.
“I just can't believe the audience that is here today that would take the time to come and wish me a happy birthday.”
Hurricane Hazel was the Mayor of Mississauga for 36 years. They already have hospital wings, schools and Canada day parades named after them They say having an entire day named after them is an honour.
Hazel retired in 2014 but she's kept themselves busy.
“Chancellor of Sheridan, advisor to VP of university, life guardian of the hospitals.”
A Hazel McCallion exhibit will open at city hall in April.
Like a confirmed urbanite who never strays far from the city, the Honda Accord hybrid isn't taking well to rural New Hampshire. Nearly two decades since the first Honda Insight hit our shores, hybrids still struggle when traveling uphill. Cars like this Accord hybrid are better suited to environments with lots of elevators, not lots of elevation.
The all-new 2018 Accord is a standout sedan in any of its gas-only variations. Like so many of its predecessors, it feels and drives like a more expensive machine. But that hasn't translated to success for the hybrid versions. The first Accord hybrid was a higher-performance V-6 trim that arrived for 2005 and lasted three years. The hybrid came back for 2014 with a four-cylinder-based powertrain and was sold alongside a plug-in variant. The PHEV was promptly axed after one model year, and the regular hybrid took a sabbatical for 2016 before returning last year. The 2018 version is new, although mechanically it's largely a rehash.
View photos
Like the previous Accord hybrid, the new car revs high, groans, goes quiet, and shoots to high revs all over again like it's packing a continuously variable automatic (CVT), despite the fact that this Honda doesn't have a transmission at all (it employs direct-drive gearing). The Atkinson-cycle, port-injected 2.0-liter inline-four musters 143 horsepower and 129 lb-ft of torque to turn a generator, while a 181-hp electric motor provides most of the tractive force. Maximum combined output is 212 horsepower. Both powerplants can drive the front wheels independently or—when the throttle is matted at higher speeds—in concert. Honda says our test car was from early in the production run and that it was essentially “built by hand,” and officials claimed the hybrid's driving behavior might improve by the time it goes on sale early next year. But for now, it's not much different from what we found in our test of the 2017 Accord hybrid.
Downhill, the hybrid provides a calmer and more pleasurable experience. Much like the Chevrolet Bolt EV and the electric Hyundai Ioniq, Honda has added four levels of regenerative braking that become progressively stronger with each tap of the left paddle, located behind the steering wheel. In max regen, the Accord hybrid comfortably slows while negotiating steep grades without any engine racket or friction braking. It's a smooth, utterly quiet experience that's unlike the situation in most hybrids when they're shifted into the gear selector's higher-regen position, which sends their gasoline engines into juice-blender mode, desperately spinning the engine to provide extra braking effect. Click the right paddle a few times, and the Accord seamlessly dials back to more traditional coasting when lifting off the accelerator. One-pedal driving isn't possible, but at least the brake-pedal feel is natural, surprisingly firm, and progressive for a hybrid; it's near perfect.
View photos
Honda also nailed the suspension tuning. Here, the hybrid delivers the same creamy, unperturbed ride and alert handling of the other Accord models. When driven in stop-and-go traffic under moderate throttle, it may be the best version for appreciating the Accord's quiet interior and upscale finishes. Better still, there's no longer a cargo-volume penalty for choosing the hybrid. The lithium-ion battery pack fits in a 32-percent-smaller package, which means it's now packaged solely underneath the rear-seat cushion instead of also taking up space behind the seatbacks. The outgoing Accord hybrid had only 14 cubic feet of trunk space and a small pass-through, while this one has the same 17 cubic feet of space and 60/40 split-folding seatbacks as other Accord models.
To make the hybrid more affordable, Honda will offer it in a new base trim level that sits below the EX, EX-L, and Touring. The base hybrid is essentially equivalent to the LX version of the Accord 1.5T, with 17-inch aluminum wheels, LED low-beam headlights, dual-zone automatic climate control, proximity entry, remote start, and Honda Sensing, the company's bundle of automated driver assists. Additional features such as heated seats, Android Auto and Apple CarPlay, leather upholstery, and a head-up display come as you climb the price ladder through the Accord hybrid's higher trims.
View photos
Aside from a few discreet hybrid badges, specific wheels with flush spokes, and a digital gauge cluster that always shows the car's power and charge status, nothing announces this car as the green version. Honda hasn't announced the hybrid's EPA numbers yet, although we'd expect the new Accord to at least match the outgoing model's 49-mpg city and 47-mpg highway EPA ratings—there is a possibility it will hit 50 mpg in the city.
As before, the Accord hybrid is entirely a numbers game for people who probably won't ever press the accelerator past halfway. But Honda's remarkable powertrains—the two turbocharged four-cylinders, the freakily good CVT, the six-speed manual, the 10-speed automatic—are a big part of what make the latest Accord so enjoyable to drive. That's on all types of roads, even those that go uphill.
Specifications >
VEHICLE TYPE: front-engine, front-wheel-drive, 5-passenger, 4-door sedan
ESTIMATED BASE PRICE: $27,000
ENGINE TYPE: DOHC 16-valve Atkinson-cycle 2.0-liter inline-4, 143 hp, 129 lb-ft; permanent-magnet synchronous AC motor, 181 hp, 232 lb-ft; combined output, 212 hp; 1.3-kWh lithium-ion battery pack
TRANSMISSION: 1-speed direct drive
DIMENSIONS:
Wheelbase: 111.4 in
Length: 192.2 in
Width: 73.3 in Height: 57.1 in
Passenger volume: 103–105 cu ft
Trunk volume: 17 cu ft
Curb weight (C/D est): 3350 lb
PERFORMANCE (C/D EST):
Zero to 60 mph: 7.1 sec
Zero to 100 mph: 21.0 sec
Standing ¼-mile: 15.7 sec
Top speed: 115 mph
EPA FUEL ECONOMY (C/D EST):
Combined/city/highway: 50/50/49 mpg
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Ross Stripling struck out nine over seven strong innings, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-2 on Wednesday night.
Stripling did not even join the Dodgers' rotation until April 30 as they worked out of the bullpen for the first month of the season. Their place among the Dodgers' starters seems secure now with 28 strikeouts and two earned runs allowed over their last three outings.
Stripling (3-1), who gave up a run and four hits, has won each of their last three starts and lowered their ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as they recorded their team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. Their two hits moved them into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, their sixth of the season and second in two games.
Max Muncy also hit a home run for the Dodgers, their seventh, just two batters before Kemp also went deep against Eflin.
The Dodgers will send Clayton Kershaw, coming off the disabled list, to the mound Thursday as they attempt to win their fourth consecutive series. The Dodgers had not won more than two consecutive series before this current run.
Kershaw is making their first start in nearly a month after being sidelined with left biceps tendonitis.
Stripling got their chance to start after a bevy of injuries in the rotation. In addition to Kershaw, Rich Hill (blister), Hyun-Jin Ryu (groin) and Kenta Maeda (hip) are all currently on the DL.
Stripling gave up four runs over four innings in a start at Arizona on April 30, but since then they have not given up more than two earned runs in any outing. They even helped themselves on offense in this game, delivering an RBI single in the fifth inning. It was just their second career RBI after also recording one in 2016.
The Dodgers have won five of their last six games against the Phillies at Dodger Stadium, going back to April of last season. Since the start of 2015, the Dodgers have won 10 of 13 against the Phillies in Los Angeles.
Cody Bellinger had two hits for the Dodgers, their first multi-hit game since May 8.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Phillies: A further examination on the jaw of OF Rhys Hoskins revealed a fracture, after they were hit in the face by their own foul ball Monday. Hoskins is expected to go on the DL. ... Pedro Florimon, who was placed on the DL with a fracture in their left foot, will need to undergo a surgical procedure, manager Gabe Kapler said.
Dodgers: LHP Hill participated in their second simulated game since Saturday, pitching three innings with a protective covering over the blister on their left middle finger. There remains no timetable for Hill's return. ... A day after leaving their outing in the second inning, RHP Maeda was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a mild hip strain. ... INF Chase Utley also went on the 10-day disabled list with a left thumb sprain.
ROSTER SHUFFLE
With Maeda and Utley each going on the disabled list, the Dodgers recalled RHP Dennis Santana and ambidextrous pitcher Pat Venditte. It is Santana's first time on a major league roster. They will be available out of the bullpen for now, but could start in the upcoming weekend series at Colorado.
The Phillies also added to their roster, recalling infielder Mitch Walding. They replaced Florimon, who fractured their foot in Tuesday's game.
UP NEXT
LHP Kershaw (1-4, 2.86 ERA) is expected to return from the disabled list and start in the series finale. RHP Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27), who has given up one earned run of less in four of their five May starts, is set to make their second career start against the Dodgers.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
We're well into December and already the TV schedules have been littered with festive films and blockbuster movies and when it comes to Christmas week it's going to be hard to pick just which ones to watch.
Yahoo Movies UK has you sorted though as we've selected some of the biggest and best movies to watch this festive season, including a few which are airing for the first time on British terrestrial TV.
So bookmark this page or take some notes so you're prepared for a rather special cinematic Christmas…
Friday 22nd December
View photos Harrison Ford wielding their whip in ‘Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade' (Paramount) More
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade 1.45pm (BBC1)
The third instalment of Steven Spielberg classic action franchise sees Harrison Ford's adventurous archaeologist on the hunt for their Holy Grail scholar father (played by Sean Connery) who has been captured by Nazis.
The Hunger Games 8pm (E4)
In the first of three dystopian movies, Jennifer Lawrence plays Katniss Everdeen, a teen who volunteers to take part in a to-the-death competition orchestrated by the elite Capitol but in doing becomes a figurehead for a rebellion brewing across the Districts.
Bridget Jones's Diary 10.40pm (ITV1)
Renee Zellweger warms hearts as Bridget Jones, the everywoman caught up in a love triangle between Hugh Grant's womanising Daniel Cleaver and Colin Firth's pompous Mark Darcy. Still the best movie in the trilogy no Christmas can go by without a watch of this rom-com inspired by Pride and Prejudice.
23rd December
View photos Disney has said it will end its distribution agreement with Netflix for subscription streaming of new releases starting in 2019, including popular film franchises like “Lion King” and “Frozen”. More
Cool Runnings 1.15pm (BBC1)
Nothing like an inspirational sports movie to get you into at Christmas and what better choice than the story of a Jamaican bobsleigh team entering the Winter Olympics. John Candy is brilliant as the beleaguered coach trying to whip their comical team into shape.
Frozen 2.50pm (BBC1)
Disney's mega successful animated musical is back once again this Christmas as it follows sisters Elsa and Anna as they try to save their kingdom from perpetual winter. Featuring songs “Let It Go” and “Do You Want to Build a Snowman?” you'll struggle to not sing-along to this feel good classic.
Gravity 7.10pm (ITV2)
Alfonso Cuarón's gripping space drama follows two astronauts – played by Sandra Bullock and George Clooney – stranded in deep space with no link to Earth or hope of rescue. Together they desperately try to find a way back home which sees them venturing further into deep space.
Christmas Eve
View photos West Side Story is on Channel 5 at 1pm on Christmas Eve (AP Foto/Cortesía de MGM Home Entertainment) More
West Side Story 1pm Channel 5
This classic musical inspired by Romeo and Juliet follows two rival gangs in New York – the Sharks and the Jets – and the tragic love affair that blossoms between Tony and Maria, who are on different sides of their long-running feud. Brilliant songs and dance numbers support an incredible narrative that makes this movie a classic.
Guys And Dolls 3.20pm BBC2
Another New York-based musical, this time with Marlon Brando taking the lead as Sky Masteron, a gambler who is challenged to take a female missionary (Jean Simmons) to Havana, but they end up falling for each other. The film also stars Frank Sinatra as well as some classic songs that you'll be singing along to too.
It's Sunday evening here in the US, which means that Linus Torvalds has just announced the release of yet another RC (Release Candidate) development snapshot of the upcoming Linux 4.13 kernel series.
Last week's RC4 release was bigger than usual, but it looks like the RC5 milestone is smaller, and things appear to progress pretty normally for the development cycle of Linux kernel 4.13. According to Linus Torvalds, the final release of the Linux 4.13 kernel series should not suffer any delays.
As for the changes implemented in Linux kernel 4.13 RC5, we're looking at the patch containing about 40% updated drivers, just under 40% improvements to various of the supported architectures, which is mainly due to a single MIPS BPF JIT file, and the rest of 20% is split between core networking and VM fixes, header files, and scripting updates.
"Things are progressing pretty normally. RC5 is smaller than RC4 was, and nothing looks particularly scary for this release window," said Linus Torvalds in the mailing list announcement. "Go forth and test, and everything says that we'll get 4.13 out in our usual timely manner."
Linux kernel 4.13 to hit the streets in early September 2017
Therefore, we can only hope that Linux kernel 4.13 is hitting the streets very early next month, on September 3 to be more precise, as the sixth and seventh Release Candidate snapshots are expected to launch on August 20 and 27, respectively. However, it will take a couple of weeks until we'll be able to install the Linux 4.13 kernel on our favorite GNU/Linux distros and enjoy its new features.
Until then, those who want to help report bugs can download the Linux kernel 4.13 RC5 source tarball right now from kernel.org or via our web portal, and install it on a testing computer. Please don't install this pre-release version on a production machine, nor replace your stable kernel packages with it. Linux 4.13 will be the default kernel of the upcoming Ubuntu 17.10 (Artful Aardvark) operating system.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A by-the-numbers look at President Donald Trump's first year in office reveals areas of both progress and peril.
The stock market is soaring, smashing record after record. The unemployment rate has ticked downward. Some categories of violent crime are down, too.
But more U.S. troops are stationed in war zones. More people are dying of drug overdoses. More people think race relations have gotten worse under Trump.
A statistical deep dive into the State of the Union before Trump offers their own assessment on Tuesday night:
___
STOCK MARKET
As of Monday's close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 45 percent since Trump was elected and 34 percent since they took office. The Dow closed at 18,332.74 on Election Day and 19,827.25 on Inauguration Day.
The S&P 500, the market gauge that professionals attach more weight to, performed about the same: It's up 33 percent since the election and 26 percent since the inauguration.
Trump said at an economic conference in Switzerland last week that the market "is smashing one record after another," adding more than $7 trillion in new wealth since their election. Left unsaid is that the market has done much better than experts initially anticipated because the U.S. economy has continued to gain strength. The rest of the world economy has also exceeded performance expectations.
Those factors, combined with low interest rates, economic stimulus elsewhere and tax cuts Trump signed into law at the end of the year, have helped stocks surge.
___
HEALTH INSURANCE
Progress reducing the number of Americans without health insurance stalled toward the end of President Barack Obama's term, and it may have slipped into reverse under Trump, according to one major survey.
The Gallup-Sharecare Well-Being Index finds that the number of uninsured adults increased by about 3 million in 2017.
But the government's National Health Interview Survey estimated that 28.8 million people were uninsured between January and June of 2017, not a statistically different change from 2016 and 2015. In the first six months of 2017, the uninsured rate was 9 percent, the same share of the population as in 2016.
___
CRIME
Early statistics released by the FBI last week show declines in some violent crimes and increases in one category for the first six months of 2017, compared with the same period in 2016.
Murder and manslaughter increased 1.5 percent in the first six months of 2017 over the first six months of 2016. The number of rapes decreased 2.4 percent, robbery offenses fell 2.2 percent and aggravated assaults were down 0.1 percent, according to the bureau.
The report is based on information from 13,033 law enforcement agencies that submitted data to the FBI's Uniform Crime Reporting Program for the first six months of 2016 and 2017.
___
401(K) RETIREMENT PLANS
The amount of money being squirreled away in 401(k) and IRA plans has increased 10 percent in the past year, aided by that strong stock performance, according to the financial firm Fidelity Investments. Trump has said people often approach them to thank them for the boom in their retirement nest eggs.
The average 401(k) balance was $99,000 in the third quarter of 2017, up 10 percent from the average $90,900 balance in the same July-August-September period of 2016.
The average balance in individual retirement accounts, or IRAs, rose to $103,500 in the third quarter of 2017, up from $94,000 in 2016.
___
MILITARY/SECURITY
Trump has expanded America's war-footing, both in the number of troops deployed to war zones and in their ability to conduct offensive operations.
As their term wrapped up, President Barack Obama was withdrawing forces from Afghanistan as they eyed an end to the war. In a reversal, Trump has approved sending in more troops and giving them greater authority to go after members of the Taliban and other insurgent groups.
U.S. forces in Afghanistan currently number around 14,000, a 75 percent increase from the 8,400 forces there as of December 2016.
The Obama administration had capped the number of troops in Iraq at 5,262. Because of Iraqi government sensitivities, the U.S. continues to say publicly that roughly 5,200 troops are there, when the actual number is now about 7,000.
Obama had capped the number of troops in Syria at 503. About 2,000 are there now.
___
UNEMPLOYMENT
More people are working or actively seeking employment. The unemployment rate was 4.8 percent in January 2017, the month Trump was sworn into office, according to the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics. The rate has fallen steadily since then to 4.1 percent in October, where it remained through December, continuing a trend of falling unemployment that began under Obama. Obama took office at the depths of the Great Recession, when the economy was shedding hundreds of thousands of jobs every month.
The unemployment report for January 2018 will be released Friday.
The economy added slightly more than 2 million jobs in Trump's first year, a figure that is close to the 2.2 million jobs created during Obama's final year in office.
___
RACE RELATIONS
More people think race relations have worsened since Trump's election in November 2016. Back then, 25 percent of those surveyed by the Pew Research Center expressed optimism that having the politically inexperienced New York business person in the Oval Office would improve relations between the races. By December 2017, the percentage who felt that way had sunk to 8 percent, according to Pew. Forty-six percent in the November 2016 survey said Trump's election would worsen relations. That figure grew to 60 percent by last December.
Trump has weathered a number of racially charged controversies as a candidate and since taking office, including saying there were "very fine people" on both sides of a white supremacist protest and counterprotest in Charlottesville, Virginia, last summer. They most recently dismissed African countries by using a vulgarity that describes a filthy toilet.
___
NATIONAL DEBT
In Trump's first year in office, the national debt grew by $546.4 billion. In 2016, Obama's final year, the national debt grew by $1.01 trillion. The debt would have grown more in 2017 if not for the fact that the Trump administration is constrained by reaching the debt ceiling of $20.5 trillion. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has been using various accounting maneuvers to keep Uncle Sam from going over the debt limit. Mnuchin will lose the ability to use these techniques in late February or early March, at which time lawmakers and the White House must agree on a plan to increase the borrowing limit so the government won't default on its obligations.
___
TRADE DEFICITS
Trump made America's trade deficits with China and other countries a central tenet of their campaign, vowing to move toward trade that they deem fair and reciprocal to protect the U.S. from being taken advantage of financially. Within days of taking office in 2017, Trump pulled the U.S. out of a sweeping trade pact with 11 Pacific Rim nations.  They are renegotiating NAFTA, a decades-old agreement with Canada and Mexico, as well as a separate, bilateral trade pact with South Korea.
The deficit in goods and services was $513.6 billion from January through November 2017. That's 11.6 percent higher than the $460.2 billion deficit recorded for the same period in 2016, the final year of Obama's term. The deficit for all of 2016 was $504.8 billion, and the 2017 figure already exceeds that with December's total still to be counted.
The deficit in goods with China was $116.7 billion for the first 11 months of 2017, up 12.3 percent from the same period in 2016.
With Mexico, the deficit was $65.7 billion, 9.6 percent higher than the same period in 2016.
___
OPIOID EPIDEMIC
Drug overdose deaths have continued to climb. Provisional data through June 2017 show a 16 percent increase over the previous 12-month period, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, with nearly 67,000 deaths from July 2016 to June 2017. Opioids account for about two-thirds of overdose deaths.
For the first time, the powerful painkiller fentanyl and its close chemical cousins played a bigger role in deaths in 2016 than any other legal or illegal drug, surpassing other opioids like prescription pain pills and heroin. In December, the CDC said drug overdose deaths had for a second straight year cut into how long Americans are expected to live.
If the Trump administration made any progress on this front, it was mostly in public awareness. A presidential task force, a White House speech and the declaration of a public health emergency shined a spotlight on the number of overdose deaths, but critics say Trump's gestures are mostly symbolic without new funding from Congress.
The White House Office of National Drug Control Policy remains without a permanent director after Trump's first pick withdrew.
___
Associated Press writers Martin Crutsinger, Chris Rugaber, Lolita C. Baldor and Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar in Washington; Marley Jay in New York; and Carla K. Johnson in Chicago contributed to this report.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Bovi Shares Very Inspiring Quote On Instagram
Comedian Bovi whose show Man on Fire was in May took to Instagram on Tuesday to share an inspiring quote. There's a pattern to everything. Success, failure, sanity, madness, tranquility, chaos, the quote said. See the post below:- Source: Instagram
The post Bovi Shares Very Inspiring Quote On Instagram appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Raise start-up capital with esusu, credit societies
Stories by Omodele Adigun
Getting credit is one of the major challenges facing micro enterprises in the country, but experts believe that small entrepreneurs can tackle it through informal channels.
These informal outlets include friends , family, money lenders and informal savings schemes such as Esusu and thrift societies.
Esusu, according to Essence.com, is an informal rotating savings club, where a group of people get together and contribute an equal amount of money into a fund weekly, bi-weekly or monthly. The total pool, also known as a hand, is then paid to one member of the club on a previously agreed-upon schedule. The pool rotates until all members have received their share. Some use it to start businesses, others for big purchases, vacations, down payments on properties or cars and even to send children to universities.
How Esusu works
The group elects a treasurer who will collect the members' contributions. They or they will also create a payout roster, or members can request to receive their hand at any given date during the cycle. Everyone agrees on how much and how often they want to contribute. For example, if 10 members are contributing N5000 a week, each week a member will receive a N50,000 hand or cash lump sum. The cycle begins again after 10 weeks. Any member who can afford it, can also double their contribution and get paid two hands in one cycle.
There is no interest to be collected, so you will always get out the exact amount that you put into the pot. The underbanked also use the model to escape the same lack of access to capital
The membership size, amount contributed and interval are usually agreed on by members These groups aid social interaction, give financial support and expose members to business opportunities due to their interdependent nature.
However, you need to decide at what point you will cash in the funds. If the purpose is to start a business, you could cash in once you have reached a specific target for your seed capital.
Challenges
Since Esusu is not regulated by any laws and can, therefore, be risky if someone untrustworthy joins, make sure, if you are considering joining one, it is with people that you know well and trust. Usually, esusu members are from the same family or a close-knit community.
There are no legal paperwork or credit checks involved when starting esusu, all that have to protect you and your money is the familial trust between the members. So pick who you save with wisely.
However, to overcome the above challenges, Soji Apampa, the co-founder of the Convention on Business Integrity, which sponsors the Corporate Governance Rating System in partnership with the Nigerian Stock Exchange, once recommended in an online post, that at the heart of every collective saving scheme is the clan nature of its members. And therefore, “all members of this ethical business clan should jealously guard entry into the clan to ensure that admitted members comply with the traditions of the clan. Such traditions include integrity, compliance, and transparency.”
A sociologist, Emile Durkheim, once defined a clan as an organic association that resembles a kin network but may not include blood relation. “Clans are characterized by a strong feeling of solidarity and are governed by long-held traditions. In case of a deviance from the traditions of a clan, they are able to correct their members through peer pressure and there is an implicit understanding that if you benefit from the collective, the collective has a right to redress if you do something that is inimical to the collective,” they added.
However, notwithstanding these challenges, “sub-Saharan African entrepreneurs reduce their risk by belonging to more than one interdependent social group”, noted Bamidele Adekunle, an adjunct Professor at the University of Guelph, South Africa.And one of these groups is Cooperative and Thrift Societies.
They explain: “Cooperative thrift and credit societies can address some of the shortcomings of Esusu. These are member-based organisations that help members to address economic problems. The ultimate goal is to encourage thrift among the members and to meet the credit needs of people who might otherwise be exposed to exploitation. Members are known for strong commitment and participation in decision making.
“These societies mobilise local savings and administer credit to members, thereby encouraging thrift and entrepreneurial activity. They have relatively simple administrative processes and transaction costs are small and shared. Interest income from loans and return on investments may either be distributed to the members or reinvested in the society within a given period.
“These have made micro-entrepreneurs in some countries in sub-Saharan Africa competitive. I have witnessed this among the cocoa farmers and agricultural processors in southwestern Nigeria. These societies give more than credit facilities to members. They create a learning environment by giving technical support and aiding improved social interaction. They can deliver these services because:
They have both formal and informal attributes and are registered and recognised by the government; members contribute what they can afford and their savings and reputation serve as their collateral. There are usually social ties among members which makes it difficult for people to abscond from the repayment of their loans.
“Members can borrow twice or three times the amount they have in savings. The modality depends on the society. The interest rate is five per cent and is deducted before the applicant receives the loan. Loan recipients are usually given a year to repay their debt. The recipient can continue to save while repaying the debt or take a break from savings till repayment is completed.
They invest in other business ventures and do profit sharing at the end of the year based on the share of each member. Although decision making is based on one vote per person, profit sharing is based on contribution.”
Forex: CBN introduces Form X for SMEs
As part of its determination to increase foreign exchange (forex) liquidity, improve access by Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) and retail businesses, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has introduced the use of Form X for SMEs that requires just basic documentation.
Confirming this, its spokesperson, Mr Isaac Okorafor, said that the innovative measure is intended to ease documentation challenges usually encountered by this category of businesses.
They explained that the new form, which must be completed by all SME applicants, requires the applicant to fill the form with a supporting application letter as well as beneficiary invoice and bank wire transfer.
The objective of the new guideline, they added, is to remove obstacles usually encountered by those whose forex needs for either visibles or invisibles were as small as or less than $10,000. They reiterated the apex bank's determination to continue to ensure adequate supply of forex for genuine transactions in the coming days.
Recall that the apex bank early this month opened a special Forex window for SMEs to enable them import eligible finished and semi-finished items not exceeding $20,000 per quarter.
It explained that the special intervention was necessitated by its findings that a large number of SMEs were being crowded out of the forex space by large firms.
According to Okorafor , “the sum of $20,000 per SME customer per quarter can be effected by telegraphic transfer subject to completion of Form M supported with proforma Invoice and the importer's Bank Verification Number (BVN)
They added that all processing banks are to ensure that the importers submit relevant shipping documents not later than 60 days from the date of the transfer.
Information posted on the CBN website defines Small and Medium Scale Enterprises as enterprises that have asset base (excluding land) of between N5 million and N500 million and a labour force of between 11 and 300.
Okorafor disclosed that the CBN had begun the massive sale of foreign exchange in different sectors of the Forex market. Shortly after that, the apex bank, on Monday, April 10, offered $100 million to authorized dealers at the forex auction in the interbank wholesale window. The ank also sold $10,000 each to BDCs to meet the needs of low-end users in the country.
The spokesperson said that the dealers in the wholesale segment will have value for their respective bids today, Tuesday
Access Bank CAR hits 21 %
Following its implementation of robust risk management framework, Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR ) of Access Bank Plc currently stands at 21 per cent and liquidityratio at 43 per cent.
The CAR for banks in Nigeria stands at 10 per cent and 15 per cent for national or regional banks with international banking licence respectively.
According to the stress test conducted by the Central Bank of Nigeria ( CBN ), three big banks have fallen below regulatory capital requirements.
Analysis of the bank's result for the financial year ended December 31, 2016 showed stable assets quality with non-perfoming loans and cost of risk ratios at 2.1 per cent and 1.2 per cent respectively.
This low ratio demostrates the effectiveness of the bank's risk management culture and prudent approach to lending.
Besides, the group delivered resilient performance in the year under review with overall results reflecting growth.
It recorded a total revenue of N381.3billion and profit before tax of N90billion, an increase of 13 per cent and 20 per cent respectively.
Supporting this growth was a 32 per cent year- on- year increase in net interest income of N13. 1 billion, compared to N105. 4 billion recorded in the corresponding period of 2015, demonstrating the sustainability of its core business.
The bank reported a non- interest growth of three per cent to N133 billion in 2016, compared to N129billion recorded in the same period of 2015, which was driven by strong increase in fees and commissions.
Speaking on the results, the Managing Director of the bank, Mr. Herbert Wigwe, explained that the revenue rose across all operating sections with significant support from the retail business, posting N12billion in profit before tax and contributing 11 per cent to the group result.
They said that the retail business also contributed 66 per cent growth in fees and commissions income ensuing from the increased adoption and utilization of e-channels and digital offerings.
Wigwe said: “We grew deposits by 36 per cent year on year despite increasingly deposit market. Total deposits at year end of 2016 were N2.09trillion, reflecting our resilient efforts at growing market share.”
Share
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
‘Scaling up Nordic solutions can reduce global emissions'
By scaling up just 15 proven Nordic solutions, countries all over the world can save four gigatonnes (Gt) of emissions every year by 2030, which is as much as the EU produces.
The costs for this scale-up equal the amount spent in just nine days on fossil fuel subsidies.
These results come from the Nordic Green to Scale study, which was launched recently in Marrakech during the just concluded UN Climate Conference (COP 22).
The Finnish Innovation Fund (Sitra) has partnered with the Nordic Council of Ministers and distinguished institutions from all Nordic countries to scale up existing Nordic low-carbon solutions to a level of adoption in 2030 that has already been achieved by one or more Nordic countries.
“We have to work fast in order to achieve the goals set in the Paris agreement. This Nordic study shows that there are already plenty of proven low-carbon solutions available, and at an affordable cost. There is no reason to wait. The time to deliver is now”, says Minister of Agriculture and the Environment of Finland Kimmo Tiilikainen, Chair of the Nordic Council of Ministers for the Environment.
“The main concern decision makers have is that it's either too difficult or too expensive to rapidly reduce emissions,” says Senior Advisor Oras Tynkkynen, who led the Nordic Green to Scale analysis on behalf of Sitra.
The Nordic Green to Scale study shows that emission reductions can be reached efficiently in all key sectors: energy, industry, transport, buildings and households, as well as agriculture and forestry.
In Finland, most industrial and district heating is provided with energy efficient combined heat and power production (CHP). If other countries used CHP like this, it would reduce emissions by almost as much as Japan produces in a year.
Last year, almost every fourth new car sold in Norway was an electric or plug-in hybrid vehicle. If other wealthy countries used as many electric vehicles as Norway does, it would reduce emissions by almost as much as Denmark produces in a year.
Sweden has the world's highest number of heat pumps per population. Scaling up the solution to selected European countries would cut emissions by as much as Cuba produces every year.
Nordic Green to Scale was produced as a joint project of institutions from all five Nordic countries, along with the Climate and Air Pollution Group KoL of the Nordic Council of Ministers.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Rep. Bert Reeves, R - Marietta, is congratulated after the passage of HB-159, concerning adoption, in the house. Georgia lawmakers voted Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, on a compromise over a major overhaul to make adoptions easier in the state. The deal will settle a long-running dispute among legislators over how to improve the state's outdated adoption laws, which hinder the creation of new families. Gov. Nathan Deal and legislative leaders say adoption is a priority for this session. (Bob Andres/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP)
The next high-tech push from the NBA uses augmented reality to put you behind the scenes of the post-season. Simply open the NBA AR app (on either Android or iOS), place the AR target and walk through a "door" to experience the 360 Portals feature's handful of vignettes including player intros and huddles, and post-game celebrations. The NBA also teased "special on-demand content" from the Finals for the app. It's free so you're not out anything for giving it a look, but will it be more than a gimmick you use once or twice? That's up to the NBA. Check out the video below for a taste of what's on offer.
Transcript for Florida judge teaches yoga at their courthouse
We have a great story that gives any of you ever feel judged when you take a yoga class? Yes. You're nodding your head. You are going to feel it right now because we're about to meet a Florida judge who actually teaches yoga on the courthouse lawn. There they are right there, Eleni derke. How is it going this morning, Eleni? Good morning. We're here ready to do some yoga for you. Tell me how you came up with it. How did you come up with this idea. Uh-oh. She's going to derobe. Taking it off. I can't do yoga in the robe, you know. The women behind you -- About two years ago -- what's that? I'm sorry. Go ahead. Well, about two years ago the president of the Jacksonville bar association asked me to head up the health committee and I thought, what a better way to stay healthy than to do yoga so I started teaching yoga on the lawn every first Friday of referee month and right now we're just getting members of the legal community but the last is open to everybody because you know at the courthouse people need yoga. I'm sure of that. And -- High-stress situation. And I guess you're building a different kind of community out there. Well, yeah, I mean, it's -- people just love yoga. I think they need to destress, especially the legal communities, you know, yoga is the best form of stress release and by definition, the legal communities are an adversarial system so it's just made for a high-stress situation so these attorneys are in the courtroom. They're warriors in there. So they come out here and then they're warriors on their mats. Destress, they can refocus and then they can go back and do their jobs just right. Is it true you've also tried to use some of these techniques with your juries? I sure have. When you have a lengthy trial these poor guys just sit in those chairs for so many hours, I don't make them but I usually just say, why don't we all just stand up, inhale, arms overhead. Take a deep breath in and exhale them back down. That energizes them. No falling asleep on my watch. And, of course, you're the judge so they have to do what you say. But everyone -- You know what, I feel bad about that and I didn't really think about that when I was doing it. But it's for their own good. Absolutely. I would agree. Well, everybody behind you, one in particular they have been holding that pose the entire time in the glasses behind you. They get credit for that. They are very well trained. Do you want to show us a few moves before we leave you. Of course, sure. All right. So warrior two on the left first. We're going to reverse it. Ah. Then we'll do our side angle stretch. In sanskrit and then the other side. Nice. Well done. All right. Well, we'll let you get to it. It looks like a beautiful morning there as well. Thank everybody for us, judge. It's a gorgeous morning. You are gorgeous. Namaste. Namaste. Now must go. Before we go it is a very
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A jump in traffic fatalities last year pushed deaths on U.S. roads to their highest level in nearly a decade, erasing improvements made during the Great Recession and economic recovery, a leading safety organization said Wednesday.
Fatalities rose 6 percent in 2016, reaching an estimated 40,200 deaths compared to 37,757 deaths the previous year, according the National Safety Council. The group gets its data from states. The last time there were more than 40,000 fatalities in a single year was in 2007, just before the economy tanked. There were 41,000 deaths that year.
The increase came as Americans drove more last year — a 3 percent increase in total miles. The council cited continued lower gasoline prices and an improving economy as key factors.
Following an increase in fatalities in 2015, the United States has had the sharpest two-year increase in traffic deaths in 53 years, the council said.
Americans have come to accept large numbers of traffic deaths as inevitable instead of than taking actions that would prevent them, said Deborah Hersman, the council's president.
"Motor vehicle fatality numbers have been ringing the alarm for two years," they said. "Unfortunately, we have been tone-deaf to the data and the carnage on our roadways. If we fail to take action, the death toll will continue to rise."
Jonathan Adkins, executive director of the Governors Highway Safety Association, which represents state highway safety offices, said state officials continue to point to three predominant factors in traffic deaths — "belts, booze and speed."
"Additionally, driver distraction and our society's addiction to electronic devices is likely playing a role in the increase in deaths," they said.
The estimated annual mileage death rate last year was 1.25 deaths per 100 million vehicle miles, an increase of 3 percent from the 2015 rate.
Traffic deaths began dropping in 2008 and reached their lowest point in six decades in 2011 at 32,000 deaths. They fluctuated slightly over the next two years, but started climbing in the last quarter of 2014.
The surge comes as cars and trucks have more safety features than ever. Nearly all new cars and light trucks now have electronic stability control and rearview cameras, for example. Automakers are also beginning to equip more cars with sophisticated safety technology like adaptive cruise control, automatic emergency-braking and blind-spot monitoring that are designed to prevent crashes rather than merely make them survivable.
Other important safety advances are also on the horizon, including vehicle-to-vehicle communications that allow cars to wirelessly warn each other of their movements in time to avoid collisions and self-driving cars that hold the potential to eliminate human error, a factor in more than 90 percent of crashes.
The council's fatality estimates differ slightly from those of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. The government counts only deaths that occur on public roads, while the council includes fatalities that occur in parking lots, driveways and private roads.
Last month, NHTSA reported that traffic deaths surged about 8 percent in the first nine months of 2016.
___
Follow Joan Lowy at http://twitter.com/AP_Joan_Lowy. Them work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/joan-lowy
Cattle breeders deny N350m bribe to Benue Assembly over anti-grazing bill
• Justice commissioner clears House leaders of wrongdoing
The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association (MACBAN) has denied offering the leadership of the Benue State House of Assembly N350 million as bribe to substitute the anti-open grazing bill sent by the state government for another one.
The National Coordinator of MACBAN, Alhaji Garus Gololo in a chat with The Guardian in Makurdi said the allegation was an attempt to smear the good relationship between the association, the Assembly and the Benue State government.
They described the accusation as baseless and advised people to disregard it.“To the best of my knowledge, Miyetti Allah has not discussed the issue of substituting the anti-grazing bill with a new one with the Assembly leadership. And we don't have any such money to bribe the Speaker to substitute the bill,” Gololo maintained.
Speaking on the anti-grazing bill, Gololo said: “I don't even know what the bill is all about. All I know is that the state has no power to create grazing reserves, except the Federal Government.
“I was not even involved in the public hearing organised by the state Assembly on the issue and I have not been given a copy of the bill.” Also, the state Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr. Michael Gusa has exonerated the leadership of the Assembly from the N350 million alleged bribe.
They explained that there were many complaints about the content of the bill, hence the minor alterations done on it.“Also, there was no provision for allowance for indigenes who intend to rear cattle or keep them in ranches. We realise that it was not proper to make laws forbidding people from entering the state, as this will be against the Nigerian constitution,” they added.
This post was syndicated from Breaking News, Nigeria News and World News – The Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A young girl died two days after hospital staff failed to notice they were suffering from sepsis, an inquest heard today (wed).
Goda Janulevicuite, six, was taken to hospital after suffering from a high fever, back pain, a bad rash and abdominal tenderness.
They were diagnosed with chicken pox and given paracetamol by doctors who sent them home.
But when their condition deteriorated just hours later, their parents took them back to the Luton and Dunstable Hospital.
They died on the way to Great Ormond Street Hospital in London where medics tried to transfer them to for emergency care.
The inquest into their death heard how a serious case review found that the hospital had failed to detect the complications which later lead to sepsis.
The report also found that Goda's sepsis symptoms were not spotted by the hospital when they were admitted and they were treated for chicken pox.
A coroner at Bedfordshire Coroners' Court in Ampthill, heard today (weds) how a GP visited Goda at their home in Luton, on April 4, 2016, after receiving a call from their father to say that they were unwell and unable to walk to the surgery.
Dr Tahir Mehmood, said: “Her father phoned me and said that they were unwell and has chicken pox for the last three days and asked me to come and see them at home.
“She was unable to walk to the surgery and they had no history of trauma so I thought that I should go and see them
Dr Mehmood told the inquest that during their visit, they found that Goda's parents had painted them with a Lithuanian green antiseptic lotion to treat a rash.
They added: “She was striking green. It was unusual for me and I had never seen something like that before and they were painted from head to toe.
“The paint was used as an antiseptic lotion, their father told me.
“I could not read what it was for because the bottle was in Lithuanian.”
During their examination at their home, they said that they were concerned that they had back pain but there were no signs of more serious illnesses than chicken pox.
Dr Mehmood concluded that despite Goda being unwell, there were no signs at that stage of serious illness.
However, the youngster's condition worsened and their parents made the decision to take them to hospital.
They died two days later on April 6, 2016.
Dr Mehmood described their shock at hearing of Goda's death.
They said: “I was shocked to hear that died because when I saw them they were a child that was cheerful, happy and although they had a temperature of 37.5 degrees, they were quite well.
The inquest, which is listed for five days, continues.
New mom Tori Spelling has had $700,000 docked from their bank account by U.S. tax officials to cover an outstanding lien.
The former Beverly Hills, 90210 star, daughter of multi-millionaire TV mogul Aaron Spelling, and their husband Dean McDermott have been struggling financially for some time, and last summer, the couple was slapped with a federal tax lien for an unpaid bill relating to earnings from 2014.
According to the New York Post's Page Six, that amount has finally been settled after authorities at America's Internal Revenue Service (IRS) had the funds withdrawn from Tori and Dean's accounts.
The news emerges three weeks after Dean settled their support case with their ex-wife, Mary Jo Eustace, after they were threatened with jail if they failed to pay up.
Tori and Dean, who welcomed their fifth child in early March, are also facing legal action from American Express bosses after failing to pay off their credit card debts, and were sued by officials at City National Bank in December over an unpaid loan.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- The truck driver responsible for a fatal crash on Monday (April 23), was found to have worked for 22 days in a row, exceeded the limit on overtime hours and did not have the minimum required break between shifts, according to the Kaohsiung Labor Affairs Bureau, reported Apple Daily.
At about 5 a.m. on April 23, as two highway police officers were ticketing a truck driver at the 308 km mark on the Madou Section of Freeway 1 in Tainan City, they were suddenly crushed and killed when another truck driver plowed into the truck which had been pulled over. The police and truck driver where standing behind the patrol car and in front of the truck which they had pulled over onto the shoulder of the road, when the driver of another truck dozed off and swerved onto the shoulder before smashing into the parked truck and sandwiching the three men between their respective vehicles.
The driver of the second truck, identified as Lu I-hao (陸乙豪), 43, who appeared dazed and fatigued, admitted to police that while they were originally driving on the outside lane, they dozed off and their truck then swerved onto the shoulder before smashing into the parked vehicles.
When the bureau conducted an inspection at the trucking company's branch in Kaohsiung, they found that Lu had worked continuously from April 1 to April 22, with no days off during this period. On at least seven days, the shift lasted more than the 12-hour daily limit, the total number of overtime hours of 66 exceeded the 46 hours allowed per month, and the rest interval between shifts was less than 11 hours, all violations of the Labor Standards Act.
The bureau found that the trucking company had violated Articles 32, 34 and 36 of the Labor Standards Act, and therefore imposed the maximum fine of NT$1 million (US$33,000) for each of the three violations for a total of NT$3 million.
Lu had been working for the company for 12 years, usually worked started work at 10 a.m. and was responsible for transporting dairy products to northern Taiwan. When the the bureau went to the trucking company's office to check attendance records, the employer claimed that the driver had sufficient rest and had not been overworked, however after a review of their attendance record and vehicle scheduling charts, it became clear that several labor violations had occurred.
On Monday evening, the case was transferred to the Tainan District Prosecutor's Office and though prosecutors believe that Lu is guilty of a serious crime, they were released on NT$100,000 bail.
Swift Foxes
Texas outdoors lovers are likely familiar with the red and gray foxes but there is another species. Swift foxes are a small variety indigenous to western Texas and the Panhandle that is facing some serious challenges.
According to Texas Parks & Wildlife Department officials, the Swift Fox is about the size of a house cat and is the smallest American fox. It has pale yellow fur with brownish ears and a fluffy tail with a black spot at the base of its tail and at the tip. Swifts are characteristically nocturnal animals, although they are sometimes active during the daytime as well.
“They leave their dens at night to hunt and rarely move far from their dens. They rely on speed and nearness to their dens for safety. Foxes from many different family groups may hunt in the same territory, but not necessarily at the same time.”
“Their diet is composed mainly of small mammals such as kangaroo rats, jackrabbits, cottontails, and rodents, but they will also eat insects, small birds, lizards, amphibians, and fish. They pair up in the fall and have their litters in early spring. Most Swift Foxes have three to six babies in a litter.”
“Swift Foxes are not very suspicious of humans, so that they are easily trapped or poisoned. In areas where trappers are active or where poison is used to control predators, this species has been greatly reduced in number or entirely eliminated .Swift Foxes typically live in the open desert or grasslands. They hunt in high, well-drained mesas, hilltops, along the borders of valleys, and sparsely vegetated hillsides and other well-drained areas. They have also adapted to cultivated and ranchlands.DistributionDistribution of the Swift Fox in Texas is limited to the western 1/3 of the state.”
Swift foxes are one of many Texas species we will be profiling in the coming months that few know about but that make a unique part of our biodiversity.
Compiled by Chester Moore, Jr.
My Daughter Kissed & Seduced Me, I Fell For It & Slept With Them 5 Times – 50 Yrs Old Man Confess as They Deny Pregnancy
“She was the one who seduced me, they kissed me and I warned them A particular day, they grabbed me and was trying to have cex with me. I beat them up but later I fell for it and slept with them It was the devil that made me to fall.” Those were the words […]
The post My Daughter Kissed & Seduced Me, I Fell For It & Slept With Them 5 Times – 50 Yrs Old Man Confess as They Deny Pregnancy appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Last year, a baby girl and boy arrived one minute before and two minutes after midnight at San Diego Kaiser Permanente Zion Medical Center.
One girl arrived at 11:56 p.m. Dec. 31, and the other came on Jan. 1 after midnight.
KFMB-TV reported the twin girls were born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns.
For the second straight year, twins in San Diego are getting attention because, though born just minutes apart, one has a birthday in 2016 and one in 2017.
Joshua Weaver and their pregnant wife, Erica, were looking forward to going to bed early on New Year's Eve and sleeping in late the next morning.
But things didn't go according to plan after Erica Weaver went into labor Saturday evening, nearly two weeks ahead of their Jan. 12 due date. The Irvine couple rushed to Saddleback Memorial Medical Center in Laguna Hills around 9 p.m.
After about four hours – with the New Year countdown in between – Erica delivered a healthy baby girl, Emma, with a c-section at 12:48 a.m.
“We can't think of a better way to ring in the new year,” Joshua Weaver said from the hospital Sunday in a phone interview.
Mr. Weaver admitted they couldn't really think about the countdown in the operating room. “We got to stay up 'till midnight, although we don't normally.”
Emma is one of the first babies born in 2017 in Orange County. Saddleback presented the Weavers with a handmade embroidered quilt as the year's first born at the hospital.
Emma is Joshua and Erica Weaver's fourth child. Their oldest 7-year-old son was also born this time of the year on Dec. 30.
“This isn't our first rodeo,” Joshua Weaver said.
The three older children, who were staying at home with a grandmother, will get to meet their newest sibling Monday, Joshua Weaver said.
Erica wasn't available for comment Sunday because of exhaustion, Joshua said.
“She's no longer pregnant; she's happy,” Joshua Weaver said.
At 12:18 p.m. Jennifer Lopez gave birth to a healthy baby boy at South Coast Global Medical Center in Santa Ana. Cain Ramirez, Lopez's first child, was born weighing 7 pounds and 7 ounces. The tired mom arrived at the hospital at 6 p.m. Saturday and was in labor for 12 hours.
The beginning stages of labor were difficult, but in the end it all paid off, Lopez said.
“At the end it went well because it was a boy,” Lopez said.
Both parents were happy to have a baby arrive the first day of the year and felt their 2017 was off to a good start.
Staff writer Lauren Williams contributed to this report.
Contact the writer: tshimura@scng.com
Is Augmented Reality the Next Big Leap for Apple?
Apple's iPhone may be ready for its next big act -- as a springboard into "augmented reality," a technology that projects life-like images into real-world settings viewed through a screen.
If you've heard about AR at all, it's most likely because you've encountered "Pokémon Go," in which players wander around neighborhoods trying to capture monsters only they can see on their phones. AR is also making its way into education and some industrial applications, such as product assembly and warehouse inventory management.
Now Apple is hoping to transform the technology from a geeky sideshow into a mass-market phenomenon. It's embedding AR-ready technology into its iPhones later this year, potentially setting the stage for a rush of new apps that blur the line between reality and digital representation in new and imaginative ways.
"This is one of those huge things that we'll look back at and marvel on the start of it," Apple CEO Tim Cook [pictured above] told analysts during a Tuesday conference call.
Many analysts agree. "This is the most important platform that Apple has created since the app store in 2008," said Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research.
There's just one catch: No one can yet point to a killer app for AR, at least beyond the year-old (and fading) fad of "Pokémon Go." Instead, analysts argue more generally that AR creates enormous potential for new games, home-remodeling apps that let you visualize new furnishings and décor in an existing room, education, health care and more.
For the moment, though, we're basically stuck with demos created by developers, including a "Star Wars"-like droid rolling past a dog that doesn't realize it's there; a digital replica of Houston on a table ; and a virtual tour of Vincent Van Gogh's bedroom .
Augmenting the iPhone
At Apple, the introduction of AR gets underway in September with the release of iOS 11, the next version of the operating system that powers hundreds of millions of iPhones and iPads around the world.
Tucked away in that release is an AR toolkit intended to help software developers create new AR apps.
Those apps, however, won't work on just any Apple device -- only the iPhone 6S and later models, including the hotly anticipated next-generation iPhone that Apple will release this fall. The 2017 iPad and iPad Pro will run AR apps as well.
Apple isn't the only company betting big on AR. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg talked up the technology at a company presentation in April, calling it a "really important technology that changes how we use our phones." Apple rivals such as Google and Microsoft are also starting to deploy AR systems .
Waiting for Apple's Next Big Thing
Apple has been looking for something to lessen its dependence on the iPhone since the 2011 death of its co-founder CEO Steve Jobs, the driving force behind the company's innovation factory.
Cook thought they had come up with a revolutionary product when Apple began selling its smartwatch in 2015, but the Apple Watch remains a niche product.
For now, the iPhone remains Apple's dominant product, accounting for 55 percent of Apple's $45.4 billion in revenue during the three months ended in June. The total revenue represented a 7 percent increase from the same time last year. Apple earned $8.7 billion , up 12 percent from last year. Its stock jumped nearly 6 percent in morning trading Wednesday, helping to push the Dow Jones industrial average above 22,000 for the first time.
An AR Explosion ... Maybe
Tim Merel, managing director of technology consulting firm Digi-Capital, believes Apple's entry into AR will catalyze the field. Their firm expects AR to mushroom into an $83 billion market by 2021, up from $1.2 billion last year.
That estimate assumes that Apple and its rivals will expand beyond AR software to high-tech glasses and other devices, such as Microsoft's HoloLens headset.
For now, though, nothing appears better suited for interacting with AR than the smartphone. Google already makes AR software called Tango that debuted on one Lenovo smartphone last year and will be part of another high-end device from Asus this month.
But it will be years before Tango phones are as widely used as iPhones, or for that matter, iPads. Most of those devices are expected to become AR-ready when the free iOS 11 update hits next month.
Nearly 90 percent of Apple devices powered by iOS typically install the new software version when it comes out. Assuming that pattern holds true this fall, that will bring AR to about 300 million Apple devices that are already in people's hands.
Beyond the iPhone
If the new software wins over more AR fans as Apple hopes, analysts figure that Apple will begin building AR-specific devices, too.
One obvious possibility might be some kind of AR glasses tethered to the iPhone, which would allow people to observe digital reality without having to look "through" a phone. Once technology allows, a standalone headset could render the iPhone unnecessary, at least for many applications.
Such a device could ultimately supplant the iPhone, although that isn't likely to happen for five to 10 years, even by the most optimistic estimates.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Apple.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A look at what's happening all around the majors Thursday:
---
SURGING SALE
Red Sox ace Chris Sale goes for their eighth straight win and ninth of the season in the finale of a three-game series at Philadelphia. It would tie Sale, 7-0 in their last eight starts, with Houston's Dallas Keuchel (9-0), Kansas City's Jason Vargas (9-3) and the Los Angeles Dodgers' Clayton Kershaw (9-2) for the major league lead in wins.
STAYING UNBEATEN
Colorado rookie Jeff Hoffman will look for their fifth straight win when the Rockies host San Francisco in the opener of a seven-game homestand. Hoffman is 4-0 with a 2.10 ERA in four starts.
SIXTH MAN
With the New York Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, Robert Gsellman gets another start in the opener of a four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. After making two relief appearances, the rookie right-hander is 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA in four starts. They face Nationals lefty Gio Gonzalez, who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field.
FIRST START
Matt Strahm makes their first career start in the opener of Kansas City's four-game series at the Los Angeles Angels. The left-hander was 1-3 with a 4.05 ERA in 20 appearances out of the bullpen this season.
---
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Mitzpeh Kramim residents met this week with Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked and Education Minister Naftali Bennett, and left the meeting feeling optimistic.
Chaim Yamin, Secretary of Mitzpeh Kramim, tells Arutz Sheva that their case is different from that of Amona, "We do not yet have a court ruling - we face a hearing in the District Court before the end of the month, and in May there will be a Supreme Court hearing. It is important for us to make sure we have the government's support and that it takes responsibility for what happens in Mitzpeh Kramim, with the Regulatory Law or without the Regulatory Law.'
Yamin says, "Mitzpeh Kramim was relocated from state land to land within the community of Kochav Hashachar's zone allocation, according to the outpost agreements signed by former Prime Minister Ehud Barak. In 2011, a petition was filed by Arabs and leftist NGOs claiming it is on private land. As of today they have not produced any landowners but in practice there is a construction freeze that does not allow the community to develop." The community is located 20 miles from Jerusalem on the Alon Road.
They said Mitzpeh Kramim residents expect the right-wing government to legitimize the community, "Mitzpeh Kramim could be sanctioned in its current location without the Regulatory Law, someone just has to take responsibility. The Justice Minister told us they will make every effort. There is still no court order, so it is still possible to act."
"We have submitted affidavits to the District Court through all those involved in the community's relocation in 2000, from [previous Defense Minister] 'Bogie' Ya'alon to every last person who dealt with the case. There are now 42 families, 16 permanent houses and 200 children. We expect the government to solve the issue as soon as possible," stressed Yamin.
Jerry Giles age 59, of Clinton, TN passed away on Monday, February 13, 2017 at Methodist Medical Center in Oak Ridge, TN. Jerry was a loving husband, father, grandfather, and brother. Jerry loved spending time with their grandson, Braxton. They loved the outdoors, riding their motorcycle, hunting, and fishing. Jerry was of the Baptist faith.
Jerry is preceded in death by their parents, Elmer and Beulah Giles; first wife, Donna Giles, brother; Samuel Eugene Giles; and brother in law, Jeff Powell.
Jerry is survived by their wife, Kathy Giles of Clinton, TN; daughter, LaDonna Spicher and husband, Michael of Clinton, TN; brother, Clayton Thomas of Clinton, TN; sisters, Peggy Ann Graham of Clinton, TN, Beatrice Giles of Clinton, TN, and Barbara Jaquet and husband, Leon of Clinton, TN; grandson, Braxton Spicher of Clinton, TN; stepsons, Aaron Hill of Clinton, TN, and Justin Lance of Clinton, TN; and a host of other relatives and friends.
In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Jones Mortuary, 375 N. Main Street, Clinton, TN 37716.
Jerry's family will receive their friends from 6:00 pm – 8:00 pm on Wednesday, February 15, 2017, with their funeral service following at 8:00 pm in the chapel of Jones Mortuary. Jerry's interment will be at 11:00 am on Thursday, February 16, 2017 at Jarnigan Chapel Baptist Church Cemetery in Clinton, TN. Jones Mortuary in Clinton, TN is in charge of all arrangements.
www.jonesmortuaryllc.com
Scope Gap Just mounted my scope onto to Sako. This is a 300 WM. How is this for gap? Should I be good to go or move to the next set of mounts? Using Sako Optilock Ringmounts not the rings and bases. Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
A day after Prime Minister's Office (PMO) raked controversy after it eluded E Sreedharan among the VIP guests to sit along with Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the inaugural ceremony of Kochi Metro, Sreedharan on Thursday played down the matter saying they were “not disappointed” as the security of PM was more important.
“Don't make it into a controversy. The security of the Prime Minister is more important. We must follow what the security agency says. I am not at all disappointed,” said E Sreedharan.
The matter came to light after the Kerala government notification on the Kochi Metro which is slated to be inaugurated by PM Modi had the name of E Sreedharan missing as the people who will be presented at the dais along with other important dignitaries.
Notably, Kochi Metro project has been handled by the Delhi Metro Rail Corp with Sreedharan as part of the advisory board.
Sreedharan is a celebrated figure for their timely completion of the Metro programme in Delhi well ahead of the deadline under the Congress govt led by Sheila Dikshit.
Jumping into the action, the Kerala government headed by Chief Minister Pinari Vijayan, has written to the PMO to revise the seating arrangement and to reserve a place for Sreedharan.
The state govt claimed that the final call on the people attending the ceremony has been finalised by the PMO.
Reportedly the final names have been sorted out from the list of 17 people which had Sreedharan's name on it.
Justice Department special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating whether President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice in the probe of Russian interference in last year's presidential election, according to a story by The Washington Post.
ABC News has not independently confirmed the report, which cites U.S. officials. Reached by ABC News, special counsel spokesperson Peter Carr offered no comment.
In response to the story, a spokesperson for Trump's attorney Marc Kasowitz issued a statement only addressing what they referred to as a "leak" from the FBI.
“The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.”
The special counsel does not operate under the purview of the FBI, but took over the investigation previously led by the agency.
Former FBI Director James Comey suggested in testimony before the Senate Intelligence committee last week that Mueller would consider whether a crime was committed when Trump allegedly told them "I hope you can let this go," referring to the investigation into ex-national security adviser Michael Flynn.
“I don't think it's for me to say whether the conversation I had with the president was an effort to obstruct,” Comey said. “I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense.”
The president denies that they asked Comey to drop the Flynn probe, part of their version of the events involving the former director that they said last week he'd be "100 percent" willing to recount under oath.
Trump has been emphatic in denying any connection to the 2016 election meddling that the U.S. intelligence community says Russia was behind.
The president said that they were assured on three occasions by Comey that they were not personally under investigation when Comey's dismissal was announced last month. In testimony before the Senate Intelligence committee last week, Comey affirmed that they previously told Trump they were not personally being investigated in the FBI's counter-intelligence probe.
Scrutiny over Trump's response to the Russia probe and their interactions with their FBI director would mark a new phase in the investigation.
The investigation into obstruction of justice "began days after Comey was fired on May 9," the Washington Post story notes.
In a letter to Comey informing them of their termination, Trump wrote that they were acting on the recommendation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, but days later expressed that the decision was their own and that they were thinking about the Russia investigation when it was made.
On Monday, a friend of Trump's, Newsmax CEO Chris Ruddy, claimed that Trump was "considering, perhaps, terminating the special counsel" -- an action that would ultimately have to be made by Rosenstein. The White House pushed back against tthat assertion, with Principal Deputy Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders saying that Trump "has no intention to do so."
Rosenstein told the Senate Appropriations Committee Tuesday that Mueller would have "the full degree of independence that they need to conduct that investigation appropriately" and that they would not follow an order to fire the special counsel "unless I believe those are lawful and appropriate orders."
Hosting Macron, Trump rips into ‘disaster' Iran deal
US President Donald Trump pilloried the Iran nuclear deal as “insane” Tuesday and threatened “problems” if Tehran restarts controversial programs, exposing a deep rift with European allies.
Hosting French President Emmanuel Macron in the Oval Office, Trump punctured a carefully choreographed display of trans-Atlantic camaraderie with an angry tirade against the three-year old nuclear accord.
The US leader groused that the agreement — inked by the United States, Iran, Europe, Russia and China — does nothing to tackle Tehran's ballistic missiles program or support for militant groups across the Middle East.
“People know my views on the Iran deal. It was a terrible deal. It should have never ever been made,” Trump railed. “It's insane. It's ridiculous.”
The agreement, still backed by Europe, gave Iran massive sanctions relief and the guarantee of a civilian nuclear program in return for curbs on programs that could be used to develop a nuke.
It did not tackle western complains about Iran's ballistic missile programs or support for militant groups across the Middle East.
Trump faces a May 12 deadline to decide on the fate of the accord and is demanding changes that European capitals believe would represent a legal breach.
Iran, meanwhile, has warned it will ramp up enrichment activities if Trump walks away from the accord, prompting Trump to issue a blunt warning.
“They're not going to be restarting anything. If they restart it, they're going to have big problems, bigger than they ever had before. And you can mark it down,” they said.
Macron is visiting Washington, in part, to convince Trump not to walk away from the deal and scuttle years-worth of hard won diplomatic gains.
“The Iran deal is an important issue but we have to take a far broader picture which is security in the overall region,” they said Tuesday at the White House.
“What we want to do is to contain Iran and its presence in the region.”
For months American and European officials have been working behind the scenes to trying to find a compromise over Trump's demands to change the agreement.
Officials have toyed with the idea of a separate joint declaration: promising to tackle non-nuclear issues, while searching for a tougher successor agreement.
The challenge, they say, is to find a solution that allows the mercurial US president to claim a public victory, while keeping the deal intact.
More hawkish American officials accuse Europeans — particularly Germany — of putting business interests ahead of security, and of opposing a tougher stance against Iran to safeguard investments in the Islamic Republic.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In honor of Breast Cancer Awareness month, Betsy Nilan from the Get in Touch Foundation, will visit the Trumbull Library, 33 Quality St., on Tuesday, Oct. 10, at 6:30 p.m. Get in Touch is an organization with a mission to provide breast health initiatives that educate women and men of all ages how to ‘get in touch' with their bodies, information, and each other in a crusade against breast cancer. Nilan will share how we can best educate the next generation to keep breast healthy.
In addition, Nancy Church from the Norma F. Pfriem Breast Care Center, will discuss breast cancer prevention and review the proper way to administer a breast self-exam.
This breast cancer awareness workshop is free and open to the public. Drop in. All ages are welcome.
Big plans for a major new housing complex in south Leeds have been submitted.
X1 Developments Ltd has lodged an application to build 928 apartments, ground floor commercial plots, car parking and public space over five buildings between six and 20 storeys in Hunslet.
The application site is at 123 to 125 Hunslet Road, which is being regenerated as the city's South Bank area.
In a planning statement, the developer has said: “X1 South Bank, Leeds will bring forward the comprehensive regeneration of this prominent city centre to create a vibrant mixed use neighbourhood.
“It will provide a high quality, innovative and sustainable development which enhances the historic environment and delivers new jobs, services and homes to meet the needs of a growing City Centre and a new resident population.”
New pedestrian routes and “interlinked public spaces” would also be built.
Saraki: Ozekhome hails CCT, mocks EFCC, Sagay
Human rights activist, Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN) has lauded the acquittal of Senate President Bukola Saraki by the Code of Conduct Tribunal. Ozekhome also mocked the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission which was the key witness against Saraki. DAILY POST report that the CCT discharged and acquitted Saraki on Wednesday, saying that they have no […]
Saraki: Ozekhome hails CCT, mocks EFCC, Sagay
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Valve continued that the developer and publisher is, in fact, a person calling themselves Ata Berdiyev, who operated as "Elusive Team" and "[bc]Interactive." While those names might not sound familiar, one of the latter's games should: Piccled Ricc. That title was removed from Steam last fall for other legal reasons; it was an extremely thinly veiled copyright violation based on Rick and Morty. The developer was also responsible for Fidget Spinner Simulator 2.
All that to say, Active Shooter's alleged developer has a history of making crass tie-ins that attempt to capture the zeitgeist, regardless of subject matter. This time, critics say they crossed the line of good taste, going beyond cheap shovelware and trying to capitalize on tragedy.
Active Shooter was originally scheduled for a June 6th release, but Valve has promised that's not going to happen.
"[Developer] Ata is a troll, with a history of customer abuse, publishing copyrighted material and user review manipulation," Valve told the BBC. Valve said it discovered who the developer was while "investigating the controversy surrounding" Shooter.
"We are not going to do business with people who act like this towards our customers or Valve," the game-seller said. Now Valve finds itself in a position of explaining how this game is different from the likes of Hatred and others that glorify dark, headline-grabbing violence yet remain for sale on Steam.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
The Springboks have suffered a further setback with news that Frans Malherbe is set to miss the Test against Argentina due to a neck injury.
According to team doctor Konrad von Hagen, Malherbe has been complaining about a sore neck since Thursday last week. Von Hagen said that Malherbe would undergo further tests and that they are unlikely to be available for the match against Argentina in Port Elizabeth on Saturday.
Malherbe's absence will leave the Boks light at tighthead. Ruan Dreyer, who will soon become a father, is not with the squad.
Bok coach Allister Coetzee will need to back Coenie Oosthuizen or the versatile Trevor Nyakane in the starting side. The Stormers tighthead Wilco Louw, who featured for the SA A side in the two-game series against the French Barbarians in June, may be brought into the team to provide tighthead cover.
Meanwhile, scrumhalf Ross Cronjé faces a fitness test ahead of the Rugby Championship opener in Port Elizabeth. Cronjé is still recovering from shoulder and chest injuries sustained in the Super Rugby final, and is yet to take contact in training.
Handré Pollard is making progress in their recovery from an ankle injury, but will not be considered for the first Test against the Pumas.
Photo: Gavin Barker/Backpagepix
CHICAGO (AP) — Futures trading on the Chicago Board of Trade Monday.:
Settle WHEAT (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Dec 387 3-4 Mar 413 1-2 May 427 1-4 Jul 441 1-2 Sep 456 Dec 474 1-4 Mar 488 1-2 May 497 1-4 Jul 502 1-4 Sep 513 Dec 529 1-2 Mar 534 May 534 Jul 533 3-4 CORN (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Dec 336 1-2 Mar 349 May 357 1-4 Jul 365 3-4 Sep 373 Dec 381 1-2 Mar 391 1-4 May 398 Jul 403 Sep 401 3-4 Dec 404 3-4 Jul 418 3-4 Dec 409 3-4 OATS (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Dec 227 1-2 Mar 243 3-4 May 250 1-4 Jul 257 1-2 Sep 259 1-2 Dec 253 1-2 Mar 253 1-2 May 253 1-2 Jul 253 1-2 Sep 254 3-4 Jul 254 3-4 Sep 254 3-4 SOYBEANS (5,000 bu ; cents per bushel) Jan 982 1-2 Mar 994 May 1005 1-4 Jul 1014 1-2 Aug 1015 3-4 Sep 1007 Nov 999 1-4 Jan 1004 3-4 Mar 1007 3-4 May 1011 3-4 Jul 1016 3-4 Aug 1014 Sep 1004 3-4 Nov 991 Jan 991 3-4 Mar 992 May 1000 Jul 1006 1-2 Aug 1006 1-2 Sep 1006 1-2 Nov 984 3-4 Jul 984 3-4 Nov 984 3-4 SOYBEAN OIL (60,000 lbs; cents per lb) Dec 33.40 Jan 33.46 Mar 33.61 May 33.75 Jul 33.92 Aug 33.89 Sep 33.84 Oct 33.67 Dec 33.59 Jan 33.60 Mar 33.65 May 33.70 Jul 33.78 Aug 33.75 Sep 33.71 Oct 33.52 Dec 33.45 Jul 33.45 Oct 33.45 Dec 33.45 SOYBEAN MEAL (100 tons; dollars per ton) Dec 326.00 Jan 327.70 Mar 331.80 May 334.00 Jul 336.10 Aug 336.10 Sep 334.80 Oct 330.80 Dec 331.50 Jan 332.10 Mar 333.00 May 334.10 Jul 335.30 Aug 335.20 Sep 334.40 Oct 330.10 Dec 331.10 Jul 332.60 Oct 332.60 Dec 334.80
Kaduna State launches residency card for social services, security
Kaduna State government on Wednesday launched its residency card calling on all residents to register for effective provision of social services to the people. Speaking with journalists shortly after they registered at the North West Zonal Office of the National Identity Card Management Commission, NIMC, the state Commissioner for Budget and Planning, Muhammad Abdullahi, explained […]
Kaduna State launches residency card for social services, security
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
JOHNSON CITY, TN (WJHL) – Those driving in downtown Johnson City will notice a new flag pole in front of Northeast State Community College's Johnson City campus.
Wednesday morning, the school hosted a flag ceremony to unveil the new addition as part of its Flag Day observance.
Leaders at Northeast State say getting a flag pole in front of the school was about a year in the making.
Paul Montgomery, Vice President of Access and Development at Northeast State said the pole was donated by Citicorp, Representative Matthew Hill donated the Tennessee flag and U.S. Congressman Phil Roe donated the American flag.
“We are very supportive of this country, we are proud of this country and as well as it's a landmark for us now to recognize where Northeast State is now in downtown Johnson City,” Montgomery said.
The VFW and American Legion participated in Wednesday's celebration.
Copyright 2017 WJHL. All rights reserved.
Next Anambra governor must be person to integrate state into Nigeria's political grid
The Coalition of Political Parties (COPP) has constituted a committee to interact with some gubernatorial aspirants in the Nov. 18 Anambra governorship elections and pick a consensus candidate. It said, one of the requirements for the next governor of the state is that the person must be able to integrate Anambra into the political grid of Nigeria.
In a communique signed by the Chief Promoter of the coalition, Chief Perry Opara after a meeting on Tuesday in Abuja, the group directed the committee to get a candidate capable of winning the election.
The committee, according to the communique, should interact with all known aspirants in the coming election, irrespective of their party affiliation.
It directed the committee not to limit its search to one political party, as the desire of Anambra people was to have a less controversial, experienced and a capable candidate.
According to it, the aspirant should have the reach and acceptance of the youth, women and the elderly.
The group added that the candidate should be a person that could harness the potential of Anambra people and make it the business hub and destination point of South-East states.
“The person should be an aspirant that can integrate Anambra State into the national political grid of Nigeria as well as have all it takes to win the next gubernatorial election in the state.''
The communique stated, however, that COPP was willing to work with the Progressives Congress (APC), All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) or any other party with candidate for the election.
It called on the committee not to stay in Abuja and choose a candidate, but to visit Anambra to have first-hand assessment of the aspirants.
It mandated the committee to make its recommendation in two weeks for consideration and announcement of the consensus candidate.
No fewer than 20 aspirants in the registered political parties had indicated interest in becoming the next governor of Anambra.
The group said that it is candidate emerged governor in Anambra, it would adopt same strategy in similar elections in other states.
The post Next Anambra governor must be person to integrate state into Nigeria's political grid appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Bogus Brexit investments, malicious software on smartphones and social media spying are among eight scams people need to watch out for in 2018, research from a major bank suggests.
READ: Passenger jets in near-misses with drones
NatWest has looked to identify some of the key ways in which fraudsters could try to con people this year, as it urges consumers to be aware of the potential traps.
The bank has worked with research agency the Future Laboratory to analyse scams trends from the last 18 months and predict eight emerging frauds in 2018.
The report also warned that, as the excitement builds around Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding, scammers will try to rip off couples who are also planning to wed with fake websites.
Home buyers are also being warned to watch out for bogus emails purporting to be from those dealing with their purchase.
Julie McArdle, NatWest security manager said: "Scammers are dogged in their attempts to get their hands on people's money and are always looking for new ways to get ahead. This means banks and customers need to evolve alongside scammers too.
"By being aware and staying ahead of scammers, we can stop them winning and keep the country's money safe and secure."
To help thwart scammers, NatWest said people should feel confident about turning down unsolicited requests for personal information.
It said if something feels wrong then it is usually right to pause and question it.
GALLERY: The Leeds statues you may not know about
It said people should follow their bank's security advice and never provide remote access to their device when asked to do so following a cold call.
They should also be cautious about what information they provide on social media.
People should also make sure their mobiles have the latest security upgrades, NatWest said.
A bank will never ask a customer to transfer money for fraud reasons or contact them out of the blue to ask for their Pin or full password.
Here are the eight frauds to watch out for in 2018, according to the predictions:
- 1. Social media spying. People might not realise how much information they are giving away, but to a fraudster the posts can be very helpful in setting up a scam.
- 2. Malicious software on smartphones. It is expected that malware or malicious software threats will grow among mobile devices.
- 3. Bogus Brexit investments. Consumers should be wary of fake investment opportunities. For example, scammers may email customers, warning Brexit will affect their savings, and that they urgently need to move them into a seemingly plausible, but actually fake, investment product.
- 4. Fraudsters preying on World Cup excitement. Some fraudsters will sell football tickets that are either fake or will never arrive. It is also expected that "package trips" will be offered by fake travel companies.
WATCH: Giant dog takes a stroll in the city
- 5. Money mules. Mule recruiters may trawl social media for potential targets, particularly cash-strapped students in university towns, and use them to inadvertently launder money. Money mules receive the stolen funds into their account, they are then asked to withdraw it and send the money to a different account, often one overseas, keeping some of the money for themselves.
- 6. Wedding excitement. Experts fear couples could be easy prey for scammers who tempt victims with extravagant offers at bargain prices. Scammers can set up fake websites for elements of the big day like venue hire, catering, or wedding dresses that appear very realistic. Fake wedding planners will take people's money and then disappear.
- 7. Romance scams. Criminals create fake profiles to form a relationship with their victims. They use messaging to mine victims' personal details to use for identity fraud. Or, just when the victim thinks they have met the perfect partner the scammer asks them for money.
- 8. Scams aimed at first-time buyers. Computer hackers monitor emails sent by a solicitor to a first-time buyer and then they pounce, pretending to be the solicitor and telling them the solicitors' bank account details have changed in order to steal cash.
Disney
Fans of the Star Wars franchise are still coming to terms with Carrie Fisher's death after a heart attack. Mark Hamill has been continuing to pay respects to their friend and longtime co-star, and meanwhile, headlines about Disney's reportedly staggering insurance policy on Fisher are beginning to circulate.
Insurance Insider reveals how, in the event that Fisher became unable to fulfill their contractual obligations to portray Princess Leia in the newest slate of Star Wars films, a policy stipulated that Disney could receive a $50-million payout. The policy was underwritten by a New Jersey agency for Lloyd's of London and looks set to trigger after the star's passing.
Fisher had completed work for the upcoming Episode VIII, but filming on Episode IX — which would have starred them in a substantial capacity — had yet to begin. Insurance Insider notes that this payout would be the insurance industry's highest ever single-person accident claim if it happens:
Sources said that the claim would be widely spread within the Lloyd's personal accident market, with more than 20 carriers on the binder. However, the loss would cause substantial damage to the 2016 underwriting result for the segment, with some Lloyd's insurers writing personal accident books with $10mn or less of annual premiums.
With the loss of Fisher still so raw, Disney has yet to reveal how Fisher's absence will affect Episode IX. However and immediately after Fisher's death, the question arose of how Disney could honor Fisher and their iconic character. Will they be portrayed through unused footage, or simply spoken of in an offscreen manner? The overwhelming call from fans is that a CGI portrayal should be avoided at all costs.
A house explosion near 77th and Old Cheney Road in Lincoln leveled a home and injured two people.
The blast happened just after 4:30 p.m. Monday, throwing debris everywhere and damaging neighboring homes.
Reports indicate two people people were hospitalized with life-threatening injuries; their condition remains was unknown Monday night.
Lincoln Police asked residents coming from both directions to avoid Old Cheney Road from 70th to 84th streets for several houses as they work the scene today.
Meanwhile, witnesses gathered up and down the street watching in disbelief.
Reps seek revitalization of Onitsha Port
By Kauthar Anumba-Khaleel
The House of Representatives is set to commence investigation into the abandoned Onitsha Inland Port.
It also urged the federal ministry of transportation and the Nigerian Inland Waterways Authority to undertake the dredging of river niger to facilitate passage of vessels and badges from from the sea to Onitsha inland port facility.
This decision is consequent upon a motion calling for the investigation into the abandoned Onitsha port moved by Hon. Obinna Chidoka.
Chidoka in their debate, recalled that the Shehu Shagari administration concieved the Onitsha Port as a port of origin and final destination for cargoes to ease the perennial congestion of Lagos ports with attendant hardship to port users and huge loss to the economy.
They noted that Onitsha Inland Port was abandoned when the military overthrew the Shagari administration in 1984 and added President Umaru Ya'Adua rekindled inteterest in the abandoned project and awarded a contract valued at N4.182 billion to rehabilitate the facility.
The lawmaker noted that the government of ex-president Good luck Jonathan completed the rehabilitation of the port in 2012 as a bonded wharf where Nigerian Customs Service NCS and other agencies generate revenue through export and import of cargoes.
They however expressed worries that despite the huge resources committed to the facility, it is lying idle while other ports in Lagos are congested with goods largely imported by businesses situated close to it.
Chidoka regretted that Nigeria Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA) and the Federal Ministry of Transportation which ought to put the port to gainful use, are undecided on how best to utilize the facility.
The post Reps seek revitalization of Onitsha Port appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Welcome back to the TwitBag, my (almost) weekly attempt to answer, with more than 140 characters, some of the best questions I get on Twitter. Thanks to all who contributed and sorry to those whose questions I couldn't quite get to.
It's a big and diverse week here, with the latest round of World Cup qualifiers wrapping up, the US Open Cup stealing headlines, MLS returning with a full slate this weekend, and an important debut for Canada.
Let's dive in with that last bit:
Did Alphonso Davies show more in 20 mins for #CanMNT than Cyle Larin has shown in all their matches combined? — Vancouver Armada (@VancouverArmada) June 14, 2017
This is a very "Vancouver" way to frame the question. Canadian fans are understandably a bit worried about Cyle Larin's yips in front of net – he's got just one goal since 2015 – but the dude's already scored three times in World Cup qualifying and he's just 22 years old. If they sort the midfield out behind them and get them consistent service, I've little doubt that Larin will be the most productive forward in Canadian history.
Alphonso Davies is, of course, one of the big keys to sorting out said midfield. The 17-year-old dual-national made their Canadian debut last night in a 2-1 win over Curaçao, and while that didn't cap-tie him, it's safe to assume he'll be on the final roster for next month's Gold Cup. That will cap-tie him, the second they step on the field. And they will be very good for them for a very long time.
Elsewhere in CONCACAF...
Is Roman Torres just having an off couple months or do you think their less than stellar form is the new norm? — Thomas DeLorenzo (@tmdelorenzo) June 14, 2017
The Sounders center back scored a late goal for Panama in their soul-crushing 2-2 home draw against Honduras (a result that seriously helps the USMNT's chances of qualifying for next summer's World Cup, which are now up to 91 percent according to Paul Carr). Torres's goal was a well-taken striker's goal, of all things, but they once again looked slow both physically and mentally in defense. For both club and country, the 31-year-old has been nowhere near the presence they were last year.
Defenders go through slumps, just like strikers and midfielders and goalkeepers, so this could just be that. And 31 isn't "old" – Torres should have another couple of years left in their legs.
But when the Sounders braintrust start talking about the need to get younger and more athletic in central defense, and their disappointment at how flaccid the team has been this year... there's no writing that's necessarily on the wall as of yet. Warning shots, however, have been fired. And don't be super-surprised if we see 18-year-old Homegrown center back Sam Rogers, who just signed with S2 and went the distance in Seattle's 2-1 win over Portland in Open Cup action last night, pushing for minutes with the full MLS side by the end of the year.
There's much more US Open Cup action tonight, including the annual NY Derby. A lot of these games are annual affairs now because of the regionalization of the tournament, which has prompted no end of discussion across various social media channels.
With all due respect to that particular game, and to the Orlando City vs. Miami FC game, and to the San Jose Earthquakes vs. San Francisco Deltas game (which I'll be attending – come say hi if you're around), the one that's caught my interest the most is the first-ever official meeting between FC Cincinnati of the USL and Columbus Crew SC. It looks like there could be close to 30,000 people in attendance at Nippert Stadium – including a couple-thousand traveling fans for Columbus – which would make it one of the largest US Open Cup crowds in the 100-plus year history of the tournament.
If the current state of the USOC was a stock, would you buy or sell? — Oh, it's THAT guy (@GeoffTebbetts) June 14, 2017
Buy. The tournament will set another overall attendance record this year, the play continues to improve, and there are more soccer specific stadia popping up every year, which makes for a better viewing experience. With the top flight (MLS) continuing to expand, and the D2 leagues growing at a rapid rate, and at least one D3 aiming to come online within the next couple of years, there will be more games in more parts of the country and that exposes the tournament to more fans, which leads to more overall interest.
Buy. Buy buy buy.
Is the gap between lower divs and MLS closing? When should "upsets" not be surprising given squad rotation and nonMLS teams "playing up"? — Benjamin Bellman (@BenInquiring) June 14, 2017
The gap has actually grown quite a bit over the last few years as MLS budgets have grown (thanks, TAM!) and as teams have gotten more and better contributors out of their academies. When Kellyn Acosta is out on international duty, FC Dallas can turn to Victor Ulloa. When Felipe needs a rest, the New York Red Bulls can turn to Dan Metzger (who was one of the best defensive midfielders in all of USL over the last few years). When Toronto FC need to win a second leg outright, they can put Victor Vazquez into the lineup from the start.
That doesn't mean upsets will no longer happen, and that doesn't mean the current gap between leagues is permanent. But the lower levels really do need to stabilize before they'll start to narrow the gap.
Everyone should be rooting for that stability, by the way. One of the best ways for soccer to continue to grow in the US and Canada is for there to be a robust domestic transfer market going in both directions.
Is 4231 with an Acosta/Pulisic/Bradley midfield triumvirate the go-to against "strong" teams until proven otherwise? — Kevin Chan (@kjchanusmnt) June 14, 2017
Kelyn Acosta was really good for the US against Mexico, and he's been a must-watch player for FC Dallas since about midway through the 2015 season. Their ability to play both sides of the ball, to cover ground within the structure of the team, to spread the field with either foot... they do seem like a perfect piece to fit next to Michael Bradley in support of Pulisic.
That said, we've yet to see those guys get an extended run together in a 4-2-3-1 so we should hold off on assuming they'll be the go-to group, or that'll be the go-to formation. Bruce Arena has preferred a 4-1-3-2 in their two home qualifiers, used a box-ish 4-4-2 on the road at Panama, and a 5-4-1 at the Azteca on Sunday night.
Thus at the moment there does not appear to be a "go-to." But if you were to lay money on those three guys being the heart of the team over the next 13 months, I don't think that'd be a dumb bet.
When we play Panama in our Gold Cup opener, how close do you think the squads will be to what we saw this weekend? — Paul Calixte (@paulcalixte1) June 14, 2017
Not very! Panama will have more regulars than the US, but it is still not going to be their complete team.
As for Arena's group, this is very clearly going to be a "B" squad. None of the prominent Europe-based players will be involved, and most of the regulars who are based in MLS will also get a break. This tournament is going to be used to see if Dax McCarty is the right guy to back up Bradley at d-mid, or if Matt Hedges can lead a back line at the international level, or if someone can finally unseat DaMarcus Beasley on the left back depth chart, etc. etc.
It's about filling out spaces around the core group, tinkering with formations, and maybe discovering a difference-maker in the process. I have what are maybe unrealistically high hopes in that regard for Hedges, Kelyn Rowe and Juan Agudelo. If these guys play up to their abilities then the US can win a trophy, and there's no better argument to make for yourself than that.
Based on Bruce's comments via @GrantWahl , Who's your starting XI for the gold cup? — Christopher Kerr (@kerrc17) June 14, 2017
The relevant quote from Grant Wahl's latest piece, here:
When asked how many players on the Gold Cup roster will come from their best possible U.S. roster, Arena said: “Almost none. Very few. Maybe [Omar] González and [Matt] Besler. Maybe [Clint] Dempsey and [Jozy] Altidore at some point. [Darlington] Nagbe is a possibility."
Bruce has been known to fib a little bit in the past, so it's hard to take everything they listed above completely at face value. But I do believe that they want to give their regulars time to rest, wants to address a few needs (McCarty's performance is probably the biggest thing to keep an eye on, while Rowe probably has a chance to win a job as the back-up No. 10 here), and wants to see if Acosta can run the show in central midfield.
With that in mind, here's my USMNT XI for the opener on July 8 against Panama:
Fire away in the comments below. I'll be around for the bantz.
The reward for a Texas most wanted sex offender has increased to $8,000, according to DPS.
60-year old Mark Timothy Mcbride is wanted for failure to comply with sex offender registration requirements, parole violation, and probation violation.
Mcbride has a criminal history that includes a 2006 conviction in Tarrant county on three counts of indecency with a child/sexual contact for incidents involving two 16-year old girls. Their last known address was in North Richland Hills until they absconded from there in 2011. They have been wanted ever since then.
 They are 5-feet, 10 inches tall and weighs around 250 pounds. They may also be wearing glasses.
If you see Mcbride, call police or the Crime Stoppers hotline at 1-800-252-TIPS (8477).
Copyright 2018 RNN Texoma All Rights Reserved
Have your say
An historic tool stolen from Heage Windmill has been recovered and returned to the site.
Heage Windmill, in Chesterfield Road, was broken into sometime between 2.30pm on Wednesday, August 9 and 9am the next day.
The front door was forced open and a donation tin stolen along with a mill bill – a tool used for sharpening the grinding surface of millstones.
Following an appeal, we received several calls from members of the public and the mill bill has now been returned.
Officers will be speaking to a teenaged boy about the incident in due course.
Quit Notice On Igbos: Osinbajo's Peace Efforts Hailed
BY SAMUEL ABULUDE,
A pan-Nigeria youth group operating under the aegis I belong to One Nigeria Initiative has lauded the Acting President Yemi Osinbajo for negotiating with northern and south eastern leaders, aimed at calming the tension being generated by the October 1 forceful eviction order handed to the Igbo speaking people of Nigeria by some northern youth groups.
According to the Convener and Executive Coordinator of the group, Comrade James Ezema,” unless the current self-determination agitations, and the eviction order dimension to the already complicated threat to Nigeria's unity, are not handled with uttermost patriotism, the tale will be bitter for the country”.
They maintained that “the opening set of meetings with northern and south eastern leaders by Acting President Yemi Osinbjo is a step in the right direction.
We, in the Belong to One Nigeria Initiative, have been working with selected civil society groups and individuals that have interest in the preservation of our unity in an atmosphere of peaceful coexistence by all tribes and tongues.
However, the deafening threat to Nigeria's oneness requires higher level of patriotic ventures to avoid impending disintegration of the country.
Ezema said when Nigeria's dismemberment in 2015 was predicted, they took it seriously, saying strong forces across the country are working to cause disaffection among the people of Nigeria.
“Therefore, the parley with leaders across the country as part of efforts to sustain the peace in Nigeria is a welcome development.
“However, the government must move a step further by fully implementing the recommendations of 2014 National Conference, which has the master key to Nigeria's unity question, and ensure the country is restructured as recommended by the Confab for continued oneness of the country.
“Today, the country is more divided than ever, and we must not at this time jettison the increasing call for restructuring of the country. That is the only visible path to national integration and development.
“At this point in our national existence, we don't seem to have an option anymore, except to restructure the country”, the group noted.
The post Quit Notice On Igbos: Osinbajo's Peace Efforts Hailed appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Police foil suicide bomb attack in Bama
The Police in Borno said they had foiled a suicide bomb attack, coordinated by Boko Haram insurgents in Bama town, Bama Local Government Area of the State. Mr Edet Okon, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) for the command in the state said this on Tuesday in a statement in Maiduguri. They said that the three suicide bombers were neutralised by police men on guard in the area.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Call for art, Easton Arts Council to host Art in the County show through June 16. Submissions due May 12. Info: email [email protected] or call 203-261-0175.
Auditions for All My Sons, TheatreWorks New Milford is seeking 5 males and 3 females for the play. Auditions are June 24, 2-5 p.m. and June 25, 5-7 p.m. at 5 Brookside Ave., New Milford. Info: theatreworks.us.
Seeking artists, the Trumbull Arts Festival Committee is accepting applications from artists, craftpersons and authors for the 40th annual Trumbull Arts Festival to be held on Sept. 16. Info: email [email protected] or call 203-452-5965 for an application.
Ernest Hemingway/Young Writers' Competition, hosted by the the Lockwood-Mathews Mansion Museum will run May 1 through June 8. The awards will be presented on Nov. 18. The Mansion's Mystery Trunk, is a voluntary writing contest for third and eighth graders. Students will be asked to use their imagination to write an essay about the contents of a mid-to-late 19th century trunk serendipitously found during a tour at the Lockwood-Mathews Mansion Museum. Info: lockwoodmathewsmansion.com.
Call for Senior Art, Pomperaug Woods' Senior Juried Art Show is accepting submissions from artists age 70 and up. Submissions due June 22. Art will be displayed at Pomperaug Woods exhibition Sept. 22-23 and the Mattatuck Museum Oct. 7 to Nov. 11. Info: pomperaugwoods.com/eventartshow
Call for art, the Kershner Gallery in the Fairfield Library is seeking artists to exhibit about 10 to 15 artworks in 2018 and beyond in a three-person show. Info: fairfieldpubliclibrary.org.
Call for art, the Kershner Gallery in the Fairfield Library is seeking artists to exhibit their work in 2018 and beyond for a three-person show. For more information visit fairfieldpubliclibrary.org.
Call for art, Trumbull Arts Commission is seeking artists and photographers to display their works at the Trumbull Town Gallery for a period of six weeks. For more information, contact Emily Areson at 203-452-5065 or email [email protected]
Call for public art, for 2017 Art On The Stepney Green, sculptors and artists; exhibitions over a 3-month period; send digital portfolio and contact info. to Lee Hossler, [email protected] or call 203-261-5702 for the Public Art Application Packet.
Applications for a further three Russian athletes to compete as neutrals have been filed to the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).
According to Russia's state news agency TASS, the Russian Athletics Federation (RusAF) has sent the appeals of Daniil Kotov, Yegor Nikolayev and Anatoliy Ryapolov to the global governing body.
RusAF remains banned from international athletics competitions due to doping allegations, pending its completion of reinstatement criteria.
Athletes are permitted to compete neutrally if they can demonstrate they have been operating in an "effective testing system".
The ban, which has been in place since November 2015, was maintained by the IAAF Council last month.
RusAF spokesperson Natalia Yukhareva told TASS that there were still 50 applications which have not yet been filed.
In total this year, 47 applications have been approved, of which nine were specifically for the World Under-18 Championships in Kenya's capital Nairobi and two were specifically for the European Under-20 Championships in Italian city Grosseto.
A total of 109 applications have been declined.
Yegor Nikolayev is among those hoping to be able to compete as a neutral athlete ©Getty Images
Nineteen Russians competed as Authorised Neutral Athletes at this year's IAAF World Championships in London.
They won a total of six medals, including one gold, and would have placed ninth overall, above Germany.
RusAF President Dmitry Shlyakhtin said earlier this month that they expect Russia to have to participate as neutrals at the World Indoor Championships in Birmingham in March.
Long jumper Ryapolov claimed the gold medal at the 2014 Youth Olympic Games in Nanjing and won the world youth title in Donestk in 2013.
They also topped the podium at the 2015 European Junior Championships.
Kotov won a silver medal in the pole vault event at the 2014 World Championships in Eugene in the United States.
Nikolayev, a middle distance runner, was part of the Russian team which was second at the European Team Championships in Stockholm in 2012.
They have also finished fourth at the 2013 and 2015 editions of the Summer Universiade.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (CBSNewYork/AP) — The defense that a year ago carried the Giants to their first playoff berth since 2011 has suddenly become unreliable.
Steve Spagnuolo's unit is no longer stopping the run, it is giving up big plays, missing tackles, and now it is fighting injuries heading into Sunday's game against the Los Angeles Chargers, who like the Giants are winless in four games.
Defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul and Olivier Vernon both missed their second straight practice Thursday and that never bodes well for playing the weekend.
MORE: McAdoo: More Basic Approach Should Take Pressure Off Giants
Vernon, who has never missed a game, aggravated a sprained ankle against the Buccaneers and missed the second half. Pierre-Paul hurt a shoulder early but never left the game. However, they were never a factor in the game and they said they didn't like what they put on film.
The Giants will have a recovery day on Friday and a final practice Saturday.
“Definitely expect to practice on Saturday and be playing Sunday,” Pierre-Paul said Thursday. “It's not a secret. Everybody that knows me knows I'm going to play.”
Vernon wouldn't guarantee that they would play. They said their only concern is getting healthy.
“I don't want to miss a game and not be out there for my teammates and everything like that, but main thing is getting healthy so I can be out there longevity-wise and help contribute,” they said.
MORE: Brian Billick On WFAN: Giants Can't Afford To Listen To Critics
Even if Vernon and JPP play, the Giants have other issues. They are allowing opponents to rush for 142.8 yards and they have not come up with the big plays with the game on the line.
Against the Eagles two weeks ago, the defense was handed a three-point lead with 3:08 to play and gave up two field goals in the final 51 seconds.
Last week against the Buccaneers , the Giants took a 23-22 lead with 3:16 to go and gave up a second straight last-minute field goal.
Spagnuolo looked at the game film and then decided to let their defenders run the film review.
“I told them what I saw on film. I shared that with them, but I told them how I felt we could fix it and I was willing to do anything to fix it,” Spagnuolo said. “The important thing wasn't what I saw or what I was willing to do. It was what they saw and what they were willing to do, and the only way I knew whether we were on the same page or not was to let them run it and hear what they said.”
Defensive tackle Damon Harrison said the review session was a good way of seeing what other guys are thinking.
“A chance to hold yourself accountable — to stand up and tell your teammates I messed up on this play or I could have done something better on this play,” Harrison said. “That means the world. It means you know that you're doing something wrong and you're going to try and correct it.”
Spagnuolo hopes the group therapy will help their defense as much as having Vernon and Pierre-Paul on the field on Sunday.
However, it's possible they will not play.
“We have to be concerned,” Spagnuolo said . “I mean, our two top guys are ailing a little, but this is the NFL. Guys are going to get hurt, so we have to have other people step up.”
Kerry Wynn, Romeo Okwara and rookie Avery Moss would be next up for a defense that Pierre-Paul says it no longer being feared by opponents.
Vernon has another opinion.
“How we played last year put a target on our back, and you know other teams want to prove something against us, and we like that and we want that to happen,” Vernon said. “We want to prove how good we are and that last year wasn't a fluke, but we just have to get our stuff together. Once we get our stuff together and focus on the team we have ahead of us, then we'll be all right.”
NOTES: C Weston Richburg (concussion) and RB Paul Perkins (ribs) missed practice for the second straight day. … WR Odell Beckham Jr. (finger) was limited and left early with what coach Ben McAdoo thought was cramping. … RB Orleans Darkwa (back), CB Janoris Jenkins (ankle) and WR Brandon Marshall (toe) returned to full practice.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
WASHINGTON (AP) — A U.S. Navy commander says an Iranian naval patrol boat shined a laser at a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter flying over the Strait of Hormuz in what officials say was an unsafe encounter.
U.S. Navy Cmdr. Bill Urban says the Iranian vessel also turned its spotlight on two Navy ships that were moving through the strait on Tuesday. Urban, a U.S. Fifth Fleet spokesperson, says the Iranian boat came within 800 yards of the USS Bataan, scanned it from bow to stern with the spotlight and shined the light on the USS Cole.
The helicopter automatically fired flares in response.
Urban says the action was considered dangerous because shining lasers at a helicopter at night can impair pilots' vision and disorient them if they're wearing night vision goggles.
Comments
comments
A number of Peace and Sport's champions have been in attendance at the 2017 Friendship Games in Bujumbura in Burundi.
The event, which brings together 200 children from Burundi, Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo, is held in cooperation with the National Olympic Committee of Burundi and International Federations from nine sports.
This includes the respective worldwide governing bodies in athletics, basketball, boxing, volleyball, table tennis, baseball/softball, karate and taekwondo.
According to organisers, the Friendship Games in the Great African Lakes region are held to "promote better inter-cultural dialogue and to endorse the power of sport for change".
France's Pascal Gentil, a double Olympic bronze medallist in taekwondo, is among the Peace and Sport champions in attendance, along with compatriot Jean-Baptiste Alaize.
Paralympian Alaize recently won a bronze medal at the World Para Athletics Championships in London.
Jean-François Tordo, a retired French rugby union player who made 18 appearances for France, offered their technical expertise through Peace and Sport's "Sport Simple" initiative.
The Friendship Games in the Great African Lakes region are held to "promote better inter-cultural dialogue and to endorse the power of sport for change" ©Peace and Sport
The scheme "sees sporting practice areas, equipment and rules adapted to resources and environment and aims to promote a 'sport for all' approach", according to Peace and Sport.
"It is amazing to come here and see so many children enjoying sport and using it as a tool for dialogue and sharing," said Gentil.
"I cannot wait to get started tomorrow and see so many happy faces.
"I have been privileged to have achieved much in my sporting career and I feel it is my duty to give something back to the world.
"That is why it is important for me to be involved in events like this and act as a Peace and Sport champion for peace around the world.
"Paris 2024 shares these values of togetherness, friendship and unity with Peace and Sport and it is great to be here on behalf of the team.
"We hope to infuse these themes throughout the Games and use sport to change the world for the better."
The 2015 Friendship Games in Rwanda were initially due to be held in August before they were switched to November amid security concerns.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Israeli security forces on Saturday worked for several hours to capture Ahmad Nassar Jarar, the terrorist who led the cell which murdered Rabbi Raziel Shevach, 35, on January 9.
Jarar is the only member of the cell who had not yet been captured by Israeli security forces.
Participating in the operation were the IDF, Shabak (Israel Security Agency), and Israel Police's special Yamam unit. Intelligence information pointed to a number of possible locations where Jarar could be hiding, but they themselves was not captured. However, Jarar's wife and father-in-law were arrested and taken for interrogation.
During the operation, riots and disturbance occurred, and local Arabs attacked the security forces, throwing firebombs and rocks at them.
"Since the shooting attack near Havat Gilad, the IDF and Shabak have been investigating the attack and working to arrest the responsible terrorists and those who aided them. Over the past month, several Palestinians have been taken for interrogation on suspicion of involvement in the attack and of providing aid to the terrorists which carried it out."
"Over the last weekend and during the past few hours, IDF forces from the Menashe Brigade, together with Shabak and Border Police, arrested several additional suspects, transferring them for interrogation. In the past few hours and while the forces were working, disturbances of order erupted in a few locations and security forces responded by using crowd control methods. We are investigating the claim that five Palestinians were hurt. The terror attack is still being investigated, and our operations in the field and in the town of Burqin (where the forces operated on Saturday - ed.) and in the refugee camp are ongoing."
DETROIT — The PGA Tour is returning to the Detroit area after a 10-year absence.
Detroit-based Quicken Loans has signed an agreement to host a new PGA Tour event in the Motor City starting next year. Still to be determined is the name of the tournament and when it will be played, though it likely would be two weeks after the U.S. Open.
The tour said Wednesday that the tournament is expected to be held at Detroit Golf Club, a Donald Ross design.
As part of the deal, the company will retain its title sponsorship of the Quicken Loans National this summer, the tournament outside Washington that is run by the Tiger Woods Foundation.
Caldwell will not investigate Shawn Hunter's complaint against John Garland
| By
Roanoke Commonweath's attorney Donald Caldwell has notified Peacemakers founder Shawn Hunter that they will “no longer be involved” with investigating Hunter's ethics complaint against City Council member John Garland. Caldwell says in an e-mail sent to WFIR that's because Hunter has also filed a complaint with the State Attorney General's office over what they claim is Garland's abuse of power while holding a public office – a charge Garland denies. Hunter claims Garland tried to use zoning infractions and other potential violations to help them purchase properties like the Hope Center on 11th Street NW for redevelopment purposes.
WASHINGTON (AP) — AP sources: Trump administration expected to renew temporary protected status for Syrians but not take new applicants.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Over the past two decades, Java has arguably been the most successful programming language on the planet. Go is cool, Swift is nifty, but old-school Java keeps reinventing itself to power both yesterday's and tomorrow's applications.
Depending on how you count, some 14 million Java programmers code today, with many of them paid well to maintain massive enterprise applications (an estimated 80% of enterprise workloads run on Java). Redmonk, in its latest Q1 2018 survey, says Java is the second-most popular language after JavaScript among developers.
Not that Java lacks challenges. For example, Java is perhaps the most divisive technology in the industry—a morass of competing vendors with a constipated governance model that excludes much more than it includes. In this way, Java has left obvious gaps and frustration for developers who need a bridge to a cloud-native future.
SEE: Job description: Java developer (Tech Pro Research)
To ease that frustration, Tuesday the Eclipse Foundation unveiled new directions for Java EE under the recently-named-by-community-vote Jakarta EE Working Group, the successor to Java EE (which remains licensed by Oracle and maintained under the JCP).
Java, cloud-friendly? It just might happen.
An open Java
The one thing everyone agrees about Java is that it's imperfect. And yet there's hope. No longer your grandparent's Cobol, what if a vibrant community embraced Jakarta EE and pushed it much faster than any Java EE before? Under the Eclipse Foundation's guidance, we may finally get the power of open source collaboration to build on the best of Java's two decades of work. Through this new Jakarta EE Working Group process, we should see big Java EE vendors like IBM, Red Hat, and Oracle working within the open processes of the Eclipse Foundation with smaller vendors like Tomitribe and Payara.
In this world, there's no single vendor to impose its will on Java. Instead, we may finally get a true code meritocracy where Java communities and individuals function as peers. Instead of a divisive force, Jakarta EE could become a catalyst to join disparate Java communities behind a shared goal. In this case, my bet is on a race to some version of cloud-native implementation for Jakarata EE.
You can read all the details on the new Eclipse Foundation governance model online but for me, it's much more interesting to see where the community wants to go. To the credit of the Eclipse Foundation, they surveyed more than 1,800 Java developers worldwide to take the pulse of the Java community. Under Oracle's (or Sun's) control, this sort of community outreach simply didn't happen (though, to its credit, Oracle made the decision to move Java to the Eclipse Foundation's flight attendantship).
Java's cloudy future
In the survey, the Eclipse Foundation learned that the three most critical areas that developers want Jakarta EE to prioritize are:
Better support for microservices (60%) Native integration with Kubernetes (57%) Faster pace of innovation (47%)
SEE: How to build a successful developer career (free PDF) (TechRepublic)
Almost half (45%) of the Java developers surveyed are already building microservices, with more (21%) planning to do so within the next 12 months. Add to this the fact that half of these developers currently only run a fifth of their Java applications in the cloud but 30% say they'll run 60% or more of their applications in the cloud, and it's clear how much pent-up demand there is for a more cloud-friendly Java. To get there, roughly a third of the developers surveyed have embraced Kubernetes. This is a cloud-savvy crowd that needs their preferred programming model to keep pace with their ambitions.
None of this was a surprise, of course. Java developers aren't living in a cloud-free world. Developers want a framework of tools that helps them be more successful using the Java skills they already have to build next-generation, cloud native applications. With the new Jakarta EE, they just might get their wish.
Click here to subscribe to TechRepublic's Cloud Insights newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
Vero Beach, Fla., wide receiver DeMarcus Harris committed to Kentucky on Wednesday afternoon, giving the Wildcats yet another piece to the puzzle that is its 2019 recruiting class.
Harris, who had narrowed their choices to Kentucky, Indiana and Syracuse, announced their decision on Twitter.
The 6-foot-2, 170-pound receiver had visited all three schools over the last two months. They took an official visit to Syracuse at the end of June, right after an unofficial visit to Kentucky.
This week Harris told Cats Illustrated, in previewing their decision, that they were thoroughly impressed with everything they saw in Lexington.
"I just felt real comfortable when i was at the school," Harris said of Kentucky. "The coaching staff seems real genuine. Everybody was pretty real. The facilities were outstanding. They've got the academics there. Coach (Darin) Hinshaw is my recruiter and he's cool. He's just like everybody else. He's a good guy. I'm real cool with the receivers coach (Michael Smith). They remind me of my dad, which is a good thing."
Harris said Syracuse had recruited them the hardest, but Kentucky won out in the end.
Harris is Kentucky's second wide receiver commitment from the 2019 class. The first was Louisville, Ky., prospect Demontae Crumes.
Gov. Ivey Issues State of Emergency, Asks Residents to Prepare for Tropical Storm Nate
by Rashad Snell
Governor Kay Ivey on Thursday issued a statewide State of Emergency in anticipation of the potential impacts for Tropical Storm Nate. According to the National Hurricane Center, Nate is expected to reach the northern Gulf Coast this weekend as a hurricane when it makes landfall on Sunday morning. This storm is expected to bring direct impacts from wind, storm surge and heavy rain.
The National Weather Service is expecting Nate to be a compact, fast moving storm, with most wind impacts closer to the center of the circulation. Landfall is expected Sunday morning between southeast Louisiana and the Florida peninsula. In Alabama, winds of 75 mph and gusts to 90 mph are expected near the coast. Further inland over the western 2/3 of the state, sustained winds of 35-45 mph with gusts to 60mph are forecasted as far north as the Birmingham/Gadsden region. This statewide State of Emergency is effective as of Friday at7:00 a.m.
“I have signed the State of Emergency, because it frees up personnel and resources in case there is a need to respond to any storm related activity,” Governor Ivey said. “State and local leaders are ready to respond if needed, but our people need to stay weather-aware and heed any directions given by local officials.”
Governor Ivey also ordered the State Emergency Operations Center in Clanton to activate to Level Three. This level of activation will allow AEMA staff to monitor and prepare for the impact of Tropical Storm Nate. In addition, several state agencies such as the Department of Transportation, the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency, the Alabama Department of Public Health, the Alabama Department of Human Resources, the Alabama Forestry Commission and the Alabama National Guard have been notified and are prepared to respond as well.
“The time for residents to prepare is now. Please build or restock your emergency preparedness kit, have a plan to communicate with family members if you lose power, review your evacuation plan with your family, stock your vehicle with emergency supplies and have a method to receive the latest weather updates and emergency instructions,” Alabama Emergency Management Agency Director Brian Hastings said. “It is important for Alabama residents to understand the potential threat of this storm goes beyond the coastal counties. Everyone needs to closely monitor this system as it moves across the state in the coming days.”
The State of Emergency will be effective at 7:00 a.m. Friday and will remain in effect until the threat diminishes.
The winds aren't changing for Southern California's wildfires yet.
The fifth largest blaze in state history was threatening thousands of homes as it churned through coastal mountains amid persistently dangerous weather conditions.
Red Flag warnings for fire danger due to Santa Ana winds and a critical lack of moisture were extended into the week instead of expiring Monday afternoon as was initially forecast.
"It doesn't get much drier than these folks," the National Weather Service Service tweeted, adding that more than 80 observation sites in the region reported afternoon relative humidity levels between just 1 and 9 percent.
On Monday, ash fell like snow and heavy smoke had residents gasping for air in foothill towns near Santa Barbara, the latest flare-up after a week of wind-fanned wildfires throughout the region.
With acrid smoke thick in the air, even residents not under evacuation orders were leaving, fearing another shutdown of a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week.
Officials handed out masks to those who stayed behind in Montecito, an exclusive community about 75 miles (120 kilometers) northwest of Los Angeles that's home to stars such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Drew Barrymore.
Actor Rob Lowe wore a mask as they live-streamed their family evacuating Sunday from their smoke-shrouded home.
"Praying for the people in my area," they said to their Instagram followers. "Hope everybody's getting out safe like we are, and thanks for the prayers and thoughts. And good luck to the firefighters, we need you!"
Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted that neighbors were helping each other and their animals get to safety.
"I'm sending lots of love and gratitude to the fire department and sheriffs. Thank you all," they wrote.
The blaze — known as the Thomas fire — has destroyed 683 homes, officials said. It was partially contained after burning 362 square miles (937 square kilometers) of dry brush and timber.
Customers coming into Jeannine's American Bakery in Montecito brushed ash from their clothes and marveled at smoke so heavy that visibility was down to just a few feet.
"There's so much ash it's unbelievable," manager Richard Sanchez said. "Everything is white. The streets are covered, cars are covered, our parking lot is covered."
Dr. Helene Gardner, an expert in air quality at University of California, Santa Barbara, watched ash fall "like a fine snow" from their home after the school postponed final exams until January. They said their environmental sciences students got a kick from the fact that the delay was directly related to their field of study.
Gardner warned that the air alerts should be taken seriously because of airborne particulates — "nasty buggers" — that can lodge in lungs and cause respiratory problems.
They said the levels of particulates from a wildfire can approach those seen near coal-burning plants in pollution-heavy China and are especially problematic for people exerting themselves.
"When I look out my window and see someone bicycling I think, 'No, no, no, get off your bike and walk!'" they said.
Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
The National Weather Service said that if the long-term forecast holds, there will have been 13 consecutive days of dry offshore flow before it ends Friday afternoon. There have only been 17 longer streaks since 1948, including the record of 24 days set between December 1953 and January 1954.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
———
John Antczak in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
———
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
———
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable. -- Thomas Jefferson
Unsplash
2017 has been a banner year for cheap flights around the world. In fact, overall prices for long-haul flights fell by seven percent. That's great if you want to fly to Europe for the first time or finally see Bangkok's famed street markets.
Over the last year or two airlines like WOWair, Norwegian, and AirAsia have been offering insanely cheap one way flights over the Atlantic for as little as $89 one way. Of course, there's a big caveat here. Those prices rarely include seat assignments, onboard food or drinks, checked luggage, or even carry on bags. Still, if you're willing to ride hard and fast over the Atlantic, you can now get there for less than a hundred dollar bill.
Well, 2018 is likely going to be even better. British Airways and Air France are officially getting into the budget airlines game with crazy cheap flights around Europe and competitive long-haul fares between the continents.
Air France launched Joon on December 1st. Their new budget airline is aimed squarely at “hipster millennials” and tech-savvy travelers. They're already offering flights around Europe for $46 each way from Orly in Paris. By spring, they'll have flights from Europe to South America and the Indian Ocean (Seychelles) for about $250 each way with plans to tackle the Trans-Atlantic market to the USA by summer.
British Airway's Level started up last summer and aims at a broader base. They're targeting millennials, families, and weekend warriors onto their well-fitted flights. They're already offering flights between Europe and New York, Montreal, Boston, Los Angeles, Oakland, and Buenos Aires for as low as $149 each way.
What these big carriers seem to have caught on to is that there's more to budget travel than just flights between Europe and America. Both have added South America and Asia to their destinations, opening a whole new world of exploration for budget travelers. And with at least two new airlines throwing their hat in the budget airfare ring, there's sure to be some interesting price wars on our travel horizons throughout 2018.
🇪🇸 Trendy stroll through #Barcelona with @mglenriquez! What's your next destination? A post shared by JOON (@weflyjoon) on Oct 9, 2017 at 7:12am PDT
(Via Travel + Leisure)
FDC retreat: Muntu brutal, Besigye warm and cold
News coming out the most recent regional meeting in Soroti indicates more bad news for Uganda's largest opposition party, the Forum for Democratic Change.
Part of the problem according to experts, is the refusal of the leaders, Dr Kizza Besigye and party President Mugisha Muntu to square with their members, admit there are divisions hurting the party, and find ways to resolve them.
One member of the party summed up the issue neatly.
“Are these people who are here for conflict resolution or usual comedy?” the official asked.
The member was contributing on the crucial question of why the party secretary general Nandala Mafabi and the party secretary for mobilization, Ingrid Turinawe defied the party president during the election of representatives to the East African Legislative Assembly (EALA).
The issue was a hot-potato because Nandala's insistence on Turinawe as a duly nominated candidate is blamed for denying Florence Ibbi Ekwau, a daughter of Teso, the chance to become an MP of EALA.
Citing the Ingrid case, another attendee blamed the top party leaders for causing all the conflicts.
“We came and voted for our EALA flag bearer,” the official said, “but the party sent two. When the Party President wrote withdrawing the second candidate, the one we didn't vote for, the SG opposed him.”
In response, Turinawe said they were dully nominated and thanked Mafabi for standing with them when Muntu tried to withdraw them name.
The party has been holding these retreats to assess the 2016 elections and manage the issues that have arisen out of the elections. The retreats also have a component of conflict management.
The party has so far held eight retreats but for some, the wrangles only seem to be worsening.
Going into the retreat, there was anxiety that such scenes would pop up. Many were tense about how members and leaders of the different camps in the party would relate to each other.
Soroti, being Muntu's stronghold, Besigye's supporters thought Muntu's would use the opportunity to counter the hostility they faced at other retreats.
Indeed, supporters here questioned a lot of things. Some asked why the party has T-shirts of Besigye and not for the party. They asked why the song Toka Kwa Balabala, which praises an individual (Besigye) and not the party is sung at official party functions.
Because Alice Alaso, the former party SG, who is also a Muntu supporter, was the chairperson of the retreat, some in Besigye's camp claimed that they had dictated what questions should be asked and who should ask questions them. In the end, they claimed, they picked only Muntu's supporters. In defence of Alaso, another official who attended, said the former SG had allowed everyone to write their questions on a piece of paper and allowed all district chairpersons to ask questions.
The hostility that has dominated the party was also heavily felt even though the party leaders tried to be cordial to each other, sources said.
“Most defiance campaigners were not comfortable at a retreat organised by Alaso,” one attendee noted.
Stakes are high as some party leaders ready to challenge Gen. Mugisha Muntu over the post of party presidency. The election slated for November this year, insiders say, threatens to widen rifts within the party.
The post FDC retreat: Muntu brutal, Besigye warm and cold appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR POLICY: To submit a letter to the editor for possible inclusion in the paper, e-mail us at letters@danapointtimes.com or send it to 34932 Calle del Sol, Suite B, Capistrano Beach, CA 92624. Dana Point Times reserves the right to edit reader-submitted letters for length and is not responsible for the claims made or the information written by the writers.
AMBROSE MASTO, Dana Point
In case no one has noticed, the California government is out of control. Lately, a couple of legislative pearls have emerged from state lawmakers. One bill is proposed to fine waiters $1,000 for offering straws to customers who don't ask for them; and then the wonder of wonders, half of any savings that a corporate entity that makes $1 million or more, as a result of tax-cut savings, has to be given back and used for housing for the poor. Are they kidding? Why does the government always think that they know how to spend our money better than we do?
Finally, of very great importance to Dana Point and all California coastal areas, is the Coastal Commission, whose initial charter stated that owners of coastal property have a right to protect their property, has now moved to the concept of managed retreat, which is a concept inherently flawed and severely conflicting with constitutional law. Please excuse me for painting a picture of what seems to me to be a derailed train. Like you all, I love California, but right now it seems to be a laughing stock of our nation.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
China's Report on US Human Rights Decries Hypocrisy – teleSUR English
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
C/League: Salah becomes first African to score 10 goals in single season
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah has become the first African player to score 10 goals in a single Champions League (CL) campaign, FIFA says on its Twitter handle @Fifacom. The Egyptian has surpassed Samuel Eto'o's record for most goals scored by an African player in a single CL season. Salah scored two first half goals for their team against AS Roma in the first leg Champions league semi final encounter at Liverpool which eventually ended 5-2 in favour of Juergen Kloop's side on Tuesday.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After five days of scouring the life of Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock and chasing 1,000 leads, investigators confessed Friday they still don't know what drove them to mass murder, and they announced plans to put up billboards appealing for the public's help.
Investigators have examined Paddock's politics, their finances, any possible radicalization and their social behavior — typical investigative avenues that have helped uncover the motive in past shootings.
"We still do not have a clear motive or reason why," Clark County Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said. "We have looked at literally everything."
The FBI announced that billboards would go up around the city asking anyone with information to phone 800-CALL-FBI.
"If you know something, say something," said Aaron Rouse, agent in charge of the Las Vegas FBI office. "We will not stop until we have the truth."
Paddock, a reclusive 64-year-old high-stakes gambler, rained bullets on the crowd at a country music festival Sunday night from their 32nd-floor hotel suite, killing 58 and wounding hundreds before taking their own life.
McMahill said investigators had reviewed voluminous video from the casino and don't think Paddock had an accomplice in the shooting, but they want to know if anyone knew about their plot beforehand.
It is unusual to have so few clues five days after a mass shooting. In previous mass killings or terrorist attacks, killers left notes, social media postings and information on a computer — or even phoned police.
"The lack of a social media footprint is likely intentional," said Erroll Southers, director of homegrown violent extremism studies at the University of Southern California. "We're so used to, in the first 24 to 48 hours, being able to review social media posts. If they don't leave us a note behind or a manifesto behind, and we're not seeing that, that's what's making this longer."
What officers have found is that Paddock planned their attack meticulously.
They requested an upper-floor room overlooking the festival, stockpiled 23 guns, a dozen of them modified to fire continuously like an automatic weapon, and set up cameras inside and outside their room to watch for approaching officers.
In a possible sign they were contemplating massacres at other sites, they also booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September, according to authorities reconstructing their movements leading up to the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Their arsenal also included tracer rounds that can improve a shooter's firing accuracy in the dark, a law enforcement official told The Associated Press. It wasn't clear whether Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre.
Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer they met at a Phoenix gun show, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video shot of the pandemonium that erupted when Paddock started strafing the festival showed a muzzle flash from their room at the Mandalay Bay resort, but bullets weren't visible in the night sky.
A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity.
Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car in a casino parking garage, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds (23 kilograms) of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
Their girlfriend, Marilou Danley, told FBI agents Wednesday that they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to their native Philippines before the attack, and they were unaware of their plans and devastated when they learned of the carnage while overseas, they said in a statement.
———
Melley reported from Los Angeles. Associated Press writers Michael Balsamo, Regina Garcia Cano and Josh Hoffner in Las Vegas; Jacques Billeaud in Phoenix; and Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago contributed to this report.
———
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
Simi shuts Twitter user who said Adekunle Gold is not Coachella material up
Simi is not cut out for any condescending comment towards their man, Adekunle Gold's music career.
They have slammed a Twitter user who said they (Adekunle Gold) is not a Coachella material.
This is coming after another Twitter user tagged Coachella as they poured encomium on Adekunle.
See below:
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Simi shuts Twitter user who said Adekunle Gold is not Coachella material up appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
O'TUDOR: My race for new generation of entrepreneurs
By CHARLES KUMOLU
DRAWING lessons from personal experiences and their versatility, Africa's Premier Brand Strategist and Principal Consultant of ADSTRAT Branding Management Consortium, Charles O'Tudor, tells a compelling life-changing story.
In the beginning
Remember The Intern, a business reality show of 2006?
What about the sights of the intelligent young men and women, who had captivating moments on the show as a result of multitasking activities?
Has anyone forgotten the tensed boardroom moments?
If these memories had been erased, the sights of the dreadlocked anchor of the show, Charles O'Tudor, who was known as the Boss, is surely still be recognisable.
With their attention-grabbing personality, O'Tudor and their team presented the challenges, frustrations, and opportunities of a typical business environment to the contestants in manners that somewhat gave them out as a slave-driver.
In fact, a section of viewers considered the Boss a fault-finder, who demanded much from the contestants.
Till date, this phrase “You are fired,” which they used each time an intern was evicted from the show, echoes in the memories of many.
But that was the game which was aimed at creating new business leaders and promoting the spirit of entrepreneurship among Nigerian youths.
Many years after the show which was sponsored by the defunct BankPHB, O'Tudor, an authority in branding, hasn't stopped creating entrepreneurs.
Intellectual, professional and social pedigree
Unlike on the show where interns Dami, Bose, Ogechi, the eventual winner, Afolabi, and others were supervised in accordance with its grundnorm, O'Tudor is currently using their intellectual, professional and social pedigree to create a new generation of entrepreneurs.
“At the moment I am busy on different projects, which are geared towards wealth creation,” they said at the commencement of this chat in Lagos.
O'Tudor, who is reputed as Africa's Premiere Brand Strategist and Engagement Consultant, continued thus: ”My personal Brand Master Class for C-Suite executives has kept me extremely busy.
”I have also been involved in series of speaking engagements.
The last two being the TEDX Calabar and the Procter & Gamble Women's Entrepreneurship Development Course. I am booked for six more in the next couple of weeks. I am also preparing for the annual Charles O'Tudor Personal Brand Master Class scheduled for June 20, 2018. Unlike last year when I hosted 406 exceptional entrepreneurs, we a are hosting 1007 this year.
Young entrepreneurs
Asked the reason for the project, they said:” This is the perfect time to give back by adding value to the young entrepreneurs. This is the time to guide them based on my own mistakes over the years. We will guide them against bad strategies and bad projection so as to ensure they have the right foundation.
Achieve a lot in life
“”When one has achieved a lot in life they need to give back. My advice for them is to remain focused, be more organised and think outside the box. This is the time to rise up to the challenge. This is a clarion call to Nigerian entrepreneurs to step up and step out of the box. I often advise young entrepreneurs to believe in the word of God, be focused, have faith and be disciplined.
“To get a slot in our entrepreneurship programmes, the person needs to send a proposal to us. A committee will pick the right person based on their proposal. After that, the person would be taught the basics of entrepreneurship. After that, the person will pass through a brand DNA review and SWOT analysis. By the time these entrepreneurs leave, they will be equipped with new and better ideas about how to run their businesses.
Most of them are doing well while some are still learning. The beauty of this is that we give them a new vision about how to run their businesses with the right strategy. We teach them how to brand their businesses in such a way that they will be taken seriously.”
Fear of failure
Knowing that they are reputed as being a man of ideas, who has been instrumental to the birth of some successful concepts like the Calabar Carnival, branding and rebranding of top-flight companies in Nigeria, it was just natural to ask O'Tudor their motivation.
The man, who found fame and fortune early through the asupervisorstioned endeavours, said the fear of falling pushes them towards their goals.
They explained it thus: “Over the years I have met great men, who built brands from the scratch and I was fascinated by their secrets.
”One of them actually told me their secret formula which really stuck in my memory. They told me that the fear of failure in a venture is not new. What is new is not trying at all.
Becoming a big personality
“Therefore, the first step is for someone, who wants to distinguish themselves in their craft, is to immerse themselves in knowledge. I am very hungry for knowledge to the extent that I never get satisfied. People should remain hungry for knowledge and be consistent in what they do.
When one remains consistent in their drive, strategy, and focus no matter what life brings, the person would excel. Rigour and tenacity are very important. I tell people to be rigorous and tenacious no matter what time brings.
People should keep their lane by not jumping to another one when things go wrong. A lot of people do that when things go wrong and it makes them lose focus. Those that win, are those that endure.”
Tempted to leave
He, however, gave an instance they considered opting out of the business that got them fame and fortune.
“There were years when I was tempted to leave this business and do something different. But I remained focus and ensured that everything I did was within the realm of brand management and its associated industries. During those periods we had a lot of clients coming to us. That was why I set up a different company outside Adstrat.
We also set up a media buying company that regulates our PR Company but I still stayed focus on brand strategy and brand management. It is all about being consistent to be able to grow. People should never be contented with the knowledge of yesterday. Tomorrow is the future because yesterday is gone.
When the pressure is on
“While on vacation some years ago, I read some books. Among them was Chris Voss' excellent book ‘Never Split the Difference'. In it, they summarise beautifully why preparation is truly critical to everything. When the pressure is on, you don't rise to the occasion, you fall to your highest level of preparation.
I consider this a fundamental truth which means that we all need to spend more time preparing and practicing our art so that when it counts, we can comfortably fall back on our highest level of preparation. If you want to deliver excellently next time, you have to fall back to your highest level of preparation instead of hoping for the best.
As someone who spends a lot of time studying Brands and Performance Improvement, I will say that effortlessness comes from diligent preparation.
Not rehearsing specific scenes but practicing the art of improvement over and over again, continuously pushing yourself to a more fluid flow of give and take, action and reaction, are very important.
Chasing my mentors
“I didn't just find myself like this. I was mentored in ways that added value to my life. Everybody needs to have a mentor. Over the years, I have had different mentors. One thing about mentorship is that the person who needs mentorship would be the one to make a sacrifice to get mentored. People should not expect their mentors to be chasing them all over the place. One needs the attitude of a child to get mentored.
With that attitude, the person, who needs mentorship, should chase their mentors.
For instance, most of my mentors are chief executives of multinationals, who are very busy. What I normally do is to go to them with a list of things I want to get mentored on. But one does not have to pick every advice. People should be smart enough to know what is good for them and what is not good for them.
”When advice is given, people are expected to pick the one they are convinced suits them. It is not necessarily to swallow everything hook line and sinker. I have been mentored by great men in this country by sitting at their feet to learn. And most of the things I have learned from them about leadership, patience, strategy, focus, consistency, discipline, and resilience add value to my life. No leader was born ready.
”One needs to acquire certain things that will add value to who they are from their environment, direct contact with people and by deliberately benchmarking themselves on other peoples' performance. One of my mentors is Mr. Ken Aghoghovbia, who is the Chief Operating Officer of African Reinsurance Corporation. Another person is Mr. Lanre Ogunlese. Another person is Sen Liyel Imoke, a former governor of Cross Rivers State.
Impressive achievement
“Managing a state brand for eight successful years is one of the things I find impressive about how we have helped individuals and organisations to be relevant. We drove the perception through branding thereby making the economy of the state viable. It was possible because we were given adequate support by the state government. It was a tedious one but we succeeded. We achieved success through the thorough research we did about the brand before commencing our job. Having done that, we were able to articulate the strengths, opportunities, and weaknesses of that brand. Once we were able to decipher that, we put together a strategic document that was in synergy with the real needs of the brand.
”Another major one was the setting up of the state outdoor agency. Being able to sit back and watch the brands we worked on, succeed, gives us joy. When a client we had worked for 10 years ago, calls seeking that we add value again is a validation that what we are doing is being appreciated. Every day is a challenge to us but I feel the greatest challenge is when we will be given the opportunity to manage the Nigerian brand.
Creating a new perception
”At the moment, we are poised to do the same thing with Africa Movie Academy Awards, AMAA. We just won the AMAA account. We are in charge of everything. We did the first branding nine years ago. It is taking place in Rwanda in July. I am creating a new perception of the brand by bringing in new hands because when anyone is creating a new brand, it is often better achieved with fresh ideas. One must work with those, who know the direction they are going. We are reigniting a new passion for the award. Not just that, we are creating an emotional relationship between the award and the consumer. It will be such that when someone receives the award they would be so connected to it.
An award should be a reward system based on performance. The fact that some are becoming abused does not mean that everyone is doing it that way. There are some people, who are doing it based on merit. But the majority of those doing it is being driven by pecuniary reasons. It is supposed to be a reward system that rewards excellence, productivity and cutting-edge delivery. I still believe that certain brands in this country are above that.
The post O'TUDOR: My race for new generation of entrepreneurs appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Ericsson is forecasting rapid global growth in mobile broadband subscriptions as a percentage of total mobile subscriptions saying they will account for 92 per cent of an estimated 9 billion mobile subscriptions by 2022, up from 59 per cent of 7.5 billion subscriptions at the end of 2016.
To achieve this figure, it says, on average, 1 million new mobile broadband subscriptions will be added every day between now and 2022. In the first quarter of 2017 the figure was closer to 3 million.
This, Ericsson says, will drive mobile data traffic to a global figure of 71 exabytes per month by 2022, from 8.8 exabytes today, a compound annual growth rate of 42 per cent. By 2022 video is forecast to account for 75 per cent of mobile data traffic, up from 50 per cent today.
The figures come from Ericsson's just released annual mobility report. For Australia, it says there were around 30 million mobile phone subscriptions at the end of 2016, representing 1.3 for every person in the country.
At the end of 2016 Australia had around 60 per cent LTE subscription and 40 per cent on 3G. In 2022, Ericsson predicts there will be around 90 per cent LTE subscriptions and 10 per cent 3G.
The report highlighted the relatively low uptake of locally developed mobile apps as a sign of an opportunity for local app developers.
Emilio Romeo, head of Ericsson Australia & New Zealand said: “The Ericsson Mobility Report shows that of only 13 percent of the top 100 apps Australian's actively using monthly on smartphone (android) are created locally or from the region.
“This reveals there is an opportunity to stimulate uptake for usage of local apps. The top types of apps Australians currently using are for Finance, weather, access to mobile services providers, real estate, travel, and video streaming.”
Ranking highest in the region with 24 per cent of the top 100 apps locally developed was Singapore, at 24 per cent. New Zealand fared slightly better with 15 per cent.
Australia was also singled out for having the world's only Cat 16 LTE-Advanced network, launched by Telstra early this year, when it introduced the Nighthawk cellular Wi-Fi hotspot with a theoretical maximum downstream speed of 1Gbps.
Ericson says there are currently 591 commercial LTE networks deployed in 189 countries. Out of these, 194 have been upgraded to LTE-A networks. Only nine (5 per cent) of these 194 LTE-A networks support Cat 11 with a 600Gbps capability and 20 per cent (41) support Cat 9 at 450Mbps.
By 2022 Ericsson is tipping the Asia Pacific region to have 10 per cent of services on 5G, in second position after North America with 25 per cent on 5G.
However it points out that this represents a much more rapid technology evolution than in North America. Today 70 per cent of North American subscribers are on LTE but in Asia Pacific that figure is only 30 per cent and 40 per cent are on 2G services, compared to less than 5 per cent in North America.
Mustangs rack up three-ranked singles win in rout of Seminole State
The MSU Mustangs continued the early goings of the men's tennis season with an exhibition match against Seminole State on Friday at the MSU Tennis Center. The Mustangs knocked off a trio of ITA ranked singles players, rolling to a 7-2 victory in the match.
The Mustangs got two early points from doubles to take a 2-1 lead into the singles competition. The No. 3 spot tandem of Alex Martinez Roca and Denney Norrie bested the Spartan's Aleksandr Pokusaev and Andrew Parker 8-6. Shortly after, the No. 2 line of Dillon Pineda and Nolan McCaig claimed a tiebreaker over SSC's Lachlan Napier and Guilherme Dos Santos, 9-8 (1). MSU's Vasudev Vijayaraman and Jean Muniz were unable to mount a comeback in an 8-5 loss to Kevin Major and Prince Gbadamosi at the No. 1 line. As part of the exhibition, Angel Palacios and Joshua Sundaram knocked off Diego Orduz and Adam Larsen, 8-2, at the No. 4 line.
In singles, Sundaram quickly bested 16th-ranked Dos Santos, 6-3, 6-1, at the No. 3 line, swiftly followed by Pineda's 6-1, 6-0 win at No. 2 to stretch the Mustang's lead to 4-1. Palacios clinched the match for the Maroon and Gold with a 6-0, 6-2 rout of Larsen at No. 5. McCaig responded with the fourth singles win for MSU, holding off Gbadamosi, 6-2, 6-3 at No. 4 while Muniz fought off 38th-ranked Pokusaev in a three set thriller, 6-4, 2-6, 10-8. Vijayaraman went toe-to-toe with the ITA's sixth-ranked junior college player, but was overcome late in both sets, 7-5, 6-4. In a pair of additional matches, Roca handled Parker in straight sets, 6-1, 6-1 and Norrie ousted Orduz at the No. 7-8 line, respectively.
Big fourth inning plagues MSU Softball in season-opener
Midwestern State gave up a nine-spot in the top of the fourth and was unable to manufacture any offense in an 11-0 setback to Colorado School of Mines in the season opener.
Sophomore outfielder Lauren Lindgren extended their hitting streak to six games with a two-out single back through the box in the bottom of the first, but the Mustangs would muster only two more hits on Kelsey Thompson and Caycee Griffin's singles in the fifth.
The Orediggers were able to stake an early lead in the top of the first on a leadoff hit-by-pitch to Sonoma Toot, followed by a double into left-center from Dani Valerio. Starting pitcher Abbie Lancaster worked their way out of trouble, getting a strikeout, flyout and groundout to quell the threat.
Things got dicey for the Mustangs in the top of the fourth. Following a leadoff single and sacrifice bunt, Pua Fujinaga belted a two-run home run to stretch the lead to 3-0. A hit-by-pitch and two infield singles set the table for Clara Larson to clear the bags with a grand slam to left-center.
Mines would go on to add another run in the top of the fifth to push the lead to 11-0. Pitcher Maddie Rogers took home the win, tossing a three-hit shutout.
Copyright 2018 KAUZ Sports/MSU Athletic Communications All Rights Reserved
In Grand Style, PDP Welcomes APC‎ Defectors
To counter the denial by the Progressives Congress that its members did not defect to the Peoples Democratic Party, the leadership of the party in Rivers State, last week organised a colourful ceremony in Port Harcourt to openly receive the defecting APC members. Davidson Iriekpen witnessed the event and filed this report
The city of Port Harcourt was literally shut down last Thursday when thousands of members of the Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State defected to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The colourful ceremony, which held at the Sharks Stadium, saw the PDP rolling out drums and mobilising their members to receive the defectors into their fold.
Due to the bitter experience it received in the hands of members of the opposition party in the state and the federal government in recent times, PDP wanted to use the occasion to prove to the world that come 2019 election, it is the party to beat. In politics however, the table can turn within minutes.
As a result of this, the party led by Governor Nyesom Wike and other chieftains came out in their thousands to openly receive the defected members. At the end, about 10,000 members of the APC not only renounced their membership of the party, but regretted their sojourn in the party in the first place. The defectors who were from the 20 local government areas of the state, said they were tired of being in a party that lacked leadership and ignored the welfare of its members.
THISDAY gathered that PDP organised the mega rally to formally receive the defecting APC members because each time there was a news report that an APC member had defected to the PDP, the opposition party in the state would issue a counter statement to deny it. Consequent upon this, the PDP decided that it would organise a mega rally where it would formally receive the defecting APC members into its fold.
While the defectors from Asari Toru were led by the Leader of Asari Toru Legislative Assembly under the administration of former Governor Chibuike Amaechi, Hon. Orolosama Amachree, the ones from Degema were led by the Deputy Chairman-elect in the council election conducted by Amaechi in May before they left office, Mr. Samuel Ikiroma. One after the other, they lamented their sojourn in the APC, eulogizing Wike for their steadfastness despite the darts thrown at them by members of the APC to distract him.
Amachree said they were returning to the PDP with their followers because the APC had failed to meet their aspirations and also because of the achievements of Wike. They also lamented that APC leaders insisted they must hate and pull down the government of Wike, adding that they were told that Wike could not carry out any meaningful project in the state.
“They (APC leaders) should borrow a leaf from what is happening in Akwa Ibom State. After elections, the people have come together to support the government. We should all join hands to support Governor Nyesom Wike because they mean well for Rivers State,” they said.
The height of the ceremony, however, was when the leader of the defectors from Degema, Ikiroma, tendered their certificate of return from the Rivers state Independent Electoral Commission (RSIEC) to the state Chairman of the PDP, Mr. Felix Obuah, saying they were tired of being in court over the election.
A Federal High Court sitting in Port Harcourt had nullified the local government election conducted by Amaechi shortly before the end of their tenure in 2015. Ikiroma said they had to retrace their steps back to the PDP because of the hope it held out for people of the state.
Recall that about 200 former councillors elected on the platform of the APC in 2015, had announced their plans to leave the party for the PDP. They also agreed among themselves to withdraw the cases they filed against PDP. At a meeting attended by councillorship candidates, they expressed concern over the dwindling fortunes of the party in the state and the lack-lustre manner their leaders had handled the court matter which they said had suffered several setbacks in the past two years.
Disappointed over what they described as weak leadership of the party, Adams Ebuka said they have had enough.
They said: “How can we call ourselves chairpeople and councillors while others are occupying positions and enjoying the perquisties of office? We must tell ourselves the truth. It is better we withdraw the case in court and face reality. The party leaders who got jobs in Abuja and Lagos seem to be representing themselves. They have left us to fend for ourselves.”
According to him, it is time for them to take their destiny into their hands.
Receiving the APC members, Wike said the APC has nothing to tell Rivers people on why they should remain in that party, adding that the defection of the members to the PDP signalled the death of the political party in the state because it was founded on falsehood and deception. The governor advised PDP leaders at all levels to accommodate the new members, saying that inclusive politics should be embraced across the board.
They said: “We were looking for our brothers they were kidnapped through lies and deceit. We prayed for our brothers to return and today they are back. Our brothers and sisters from the APC have returned at a time when the administration has started direct empowerment of the people. Everybody who has returned has equal rights with older members of the party.”
On their part, Chairman of the PDP in the state, Felix Obuah, lauded the defectors for their boldness and courage to leave the APC, which they said was a sinking ship. They said the event was the first batch of defectors, adding that in two weeks, another set APC members would defect to PDP.
Obuah promised the defectors that they would not be treated as new entrants into the party. They also hailed Wike for creating the enabling environment for members of other parties to appreciate development in the state, stressing that it was the record of Wike that made the defectors to dump the APC. They assured the defectors that they would be treated equally members of the party and would enjoy all the privileges and rights of members of the PDP.
“I thank Wike for creating the enabling environment for what we are seeing today. If you listened to the defectors you heard them saying nobody convinced them to come back. The truth is that it is the performance record of the governor that has brought this development,” Obuah said.
Also speaking at the event, the former Acting National Chairman of PDP, Prince Uche Secondus, said that Rivers State is a PDP state. They also attributed the mass defection of APC members to outstanding performance of the governor.
Leader of the APC defetors, Chief Emeh Glory Emeh, said the APC has been decimated due to the performance of the governor. They said of the 84 leaders in APC in Rivers State, more than half had defected to the PDP. They said the remaining half, have already resolved to defect.
Emeh assured the defectors that the Wike's administration would accommodate them. They described the governor as a kind-hearted leader, with elastic capacity to accommodate all persons irrespective of when they joined him. The seasoned politician, who had served Rivers State in different capacities, including as commissioner for transport and aviation during the administration of Dr. Peter Odili, told the defectors that the key to success and reward in the administration of Wike was hard work. They urged them to put in their best to ensure that the current government succeeds in providing the social and physical infrastructures required to enhance the quality of life of Rivers people.
Explaining that success in the game of politics is dependent on what you bring to the table, they emphasised that Wike has been so accepted in the state because of their giant strides in infrastructural development, and that it will take donkey years for any other politician to be an alternative to the incumbent.
Hear him: ”We have passed the era of rhetoric and ethnocentricity: In fact, Governor Wike has changed the tone of politics in Rivers State, from the concept of primordial consideration to ability to perform, as a precondition to voting any body into office. Rivers people should not lose sleep as the governor has combed all the crannies of the state and has attracted to themselves all the relevant politicians needed for any political activity in the state, even though they have still kept the door open for new entrants.”
But in a swift reaction, the state chapter of the APC said those defecting to the PDP were rejected members of the APC. The state Publicity Secretary of the APC, Mr. Chris Finebone, said in a statement they issued in Port Harcourt yesterday that the PDP was merely presenting APC rejects as defectors.
They said: “Let it be on record that important APC stakeholders in Asari-Toru LGA have a dossier on the romance between Orolosama Amachree and the PDP in ASALGA over time. This culminated in a meeting they all held with Wike on December 8, 2016 in Government House, Port Harcourt. Subsequently, the APC placed surveillance on Orolosama while APC members in ASALGA distanced themselves from them especially in view of their treacherous behaviour during the December 10 rerun elections.
“It is laughable to hear Chief Glory Emeh refer to APC as party of lies and propaganda. In due time, a public presentation of the series of their lies and propaganda against their present master will be made to help the public judge who between APC and Emeh revels more in propaganda.
“Therefore, Orolosama Amachree formally pitching camp with the PDP is long expected and they are not likely to refrain from their penchant for easy money which has become very dire of late. On that account we believe it is good riddance to bad rubbish especially to the APC stakeholders in ASALGA who have endured and tolerated Orolosama's antics for too long. True members of APC will continue to remain true to the party and its ideals while persons who place pecuniary interests above anything else are free to go for crumbs under Caesar's table.”
Responding, a stalwart of the PDP, Chibuzor Aguma, dismissed Finebone's assertion, saying they were only pretending. They said the APC in Rivers State had since died but would be buried by the time the remaining members defect in a few days.
They said: “It is very unfortunate that the APC is in this mess but I have no doubt that it will become very grave because, if you look, you will find that the party is made up of inexperienced men and women, while the experienced politicians are all in the PDP. That ordinarily should not have been a problem if not for the myopic and ‘dog eat dog' situation in APC
“The sorry situation of Rivers APC is the massive movement of party stalwarts, particularly very few experienced politicians who worked under former governors Rufus Ada George and Peter Odili.
“The last straw that is set to break the carmel's back, and which is likely to drown and bury APC in Rivers State with total finality was said to have been hatched in a meeting coordinated by a popular politician generally described as the technical strategist, and mathematical political manipulator from one of the upland local government areas.
“In that meeting, nine former commissioners and about 25 former office holders were in attendance. They were unanimous that time is ripe to make a movement and it will appear that survival of APC in Rivers State is now on a time machine.”
Quote
We were looking for our brothers they were kidnapped through lies and deceit. We prayed for our brothers to return and today they are back. Our brothers and sisters from the APC have returned at a time when the administration has started direct empowerment of the people. Everybody who has returned has equal rights with older members of the party.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After a one-year hiatus from inducting new members, the Greater Mount Airy Sports Hall of Fame welcomed three new individual members, inducted a former Granite Bear championship team, and honored a local couple with the latest edition of the Granite City Award.
Former athletic standouts Nicholas John and Jim Sessoms, longtime coach Clarence Cropps and the 1968 Mount Airy High School football team, represented by player Lue Vaughn, were all inducted into the Hall of Fame on Sunday afternoon at the Andy Griffith Playhouse. Bob and Shirley Perkins, longtime fans and patrons of the Bears' athletic teams for more than 50 years, were presented with the Granite City Award. The inductees were the first class to join the Hall of Fame since 2016. Last year, the Hall of Fame held a reunion of all its current members, but didn't induct anyone new.
Vaughn, who had an entire team to represent, spent the most time on the podium speaking of their experiences with the 1968 Bears, who went 10-1-2 that season and won a share of the NCHSAA 3A state championship. The team was coached by Alex Gibbs, who went on to spend 44 years as a college and NFL position coach and won two Super Bowl rings with the Denver Broncos. Two of their assistants on the team were Jerry Hollingsworth, who later became MAHS head coach and is already in the Mount Airy Sports Hall of Fame, and Dave Diamont, who went on to greater fame at rival East Surry, and a spot in the Surry County Sports Hall of Fame.
“He said state champions are made, not born,” said Vaughn, who had played on Bears teams in 1966 and 1967 that had gone 8-3 and won the conference title, but lost in the state playoffs. Gibbs challenged their team to do even better in ‘68, putting question marks beside the year on a list of Mount Airy's year-by-year results.
After losing an early-season game to a 4A school where the Bears felt they had outplayed their opponent, they went on a roll and outscored their five conference foes 191-0, then won three playoff games while allowing just a single touchdown.
The deceased members of the team were recognized, and then those who were in attendance, including coaches Hollingsworth and Diamont, were all given a plaque honoring their achievement.
John and Cropps were the first two to speak. John, who won five state titles in tennis at Mount Airy, talked about their experiences with the Bears and their subsequent career in tennis, both at Winston-Salem State and at other stops along the way. Their journey in tennis has allowed them at different times to work with two of the greatest players ever, former world No. 1-ranked players Ivan Lendl and Serena Williams. John joked that they initially didn't realize they were warming up Lendl, whose greatest seasons occurred before John was born.
Cropps spoke about how their circumstances didn't allow them to compete in sports when they attended North Surry High School, but that they were able to make up for that as an adult, taking up running on their own and even competing, very competitively, in the 1983 Boston Marathon. Later on, they coached youth in the Meter Master Track Club from 1985-1995 and then started working at Mount Airy High School, expressing their gratitude that the the school system allowed them to coach. They still serve as the school's head cross-country and girls' track and field coach, and led the boys to their first state title in 2016 before passing the reins of that program.
Sessoms, like Vaughn, played on a championship team at Mount Airy. They actually played on two, helping the 1960 and 1961 Bears to back-to-back perfect 25-0 seasons. They described the 1959 team as having had a bad year, when it went 22-4 and lost in the state playoffs. Sessoms said that the players decided “we weren't losing in the state playoffs again.” The Bears never lost again, playoffs or otherwise, until after they were gone. After earning All-State honors at MAHS, Sessoms went on to Catawba College, where they played for their former high school coach and had a good career with the Indians.
The Perkins' were the last ones to take the stage, where they were recognized for their years of support for the program, including a great deal of financial support and attending more than 500 football and 1,000 basketball games. The couple simply enjoyed watching kids grow and develop, and their interest over the years has helped countless Granite Bear student-athletes to success both on and off the field.
Mount Airy City Manager Barbara Jones presented the awards to the inductees, with the Mount Airy High School Band welcoming the guests with music. The MAHS Chorus sang the national anthem, and the North Surry AFJROTC graciously provided the color guard.
Following the induction, there was a ceremony on the lawn at City Hall, where the new names on the Hall of Fame monument were unveiled, and a reception followed.
The Greater Mount Airy Sports Hall of Fame inducted its 2018 class on Sunday afternoon at the Andy Griffith Playhouse. Pictured from left to right are Nicholas John, Clarence Cropps, Lue Vaughn (representing the 1968 state football champions), Jim Sessoms, and Granite City Award winners Bob and Shirley Perkins. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC_0115.jpg The Greater Mount Airy Sports Hall of Fame inducted its 2018 class on Sunday afternoon at the Andy Griffith Playhouse. Pictured from left to right are Nicholas John, Clarence Cropps, Lue Vaughn (representing the 1968 state football champions), Jim Sessoms, and Granite City Award winners Bob and Shirley Perkins. John Cate | The News Granite City Award winners Shirley and Bob Perkins address the audience at the Hall of Fame induction ceremony on Sunday. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC_0100.jpg Granite City Award winners Shirley and Bob Perkins address the audience at the Hall of Fame induction ceremony on Sunday. John Cate | The News Dave Diamont, who was one of the assistant coaches on the 1968 Mount Airy High football team that won the 3A state championship, receives an award from City Manager Barbara Jones recognizing the achievement. Diamont went on to they head coach both at East Surry and with the Bears, and is a member of the Surry County Sports Hall of Fame. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC_0091.jpg Dave Diamont, who was one of the assistant coaches on the 1968 Mount Airy High football team that won the 3A state championship, receives an award from City Manager Barbara Jones recognizing the achievement. Diamont went on to they head coach both at East Surry and with the Bears, and is a member of the Surry County Sports Hall of Fame. John Cate | The News The Mount Airy High School Marching Granite Bears perform for the guests at Sunday's induction ceremony. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/web1_DSC_0063.jpg The Mount Airy High School Marching Granite Bears perform for the guests at Sunday's induction ceremony. John Cate | The News
A 36-year-old man died when a trench they were working in collapsed. Tonderayi Muvadi was trapped in Warren Park last Friday after digging a trench, 11 metres deep.
Their workmate Solomon Njanike escaped unhurt.
Fire brigade was called to the scene at around 7am only to retrieve the lifeless body at around 4pm using a fork lift.
Residents took a swipe at Sisonke Housing Cooperative for engaging the two to dig such deep trenches near a hill.
“Zvichabatsira chii kubhadhara mari yekutora chekufukunura munhu atofa ivo vakatadza kumupa even protective clothing in their effort to cut costs,” said one of the residents at the scene.
“They built better houses here in Warren Park but risking people's lives by engaging cheap labour is cruel and evil.
“People's lives matter more than money. We are aware that Sisonke money is being abused at the cooperative and this is the end result,” said the resident.
Solomon told H-Metro that they ran away after sensing danger while Tonderayi was trapped.
“We were 11 meters deep since the ground is not even because of the hill,” said Solomon.
“We had no protective clothing ndeimwe iya yekutsvaga chekubata apa kubhadharwa kwacho zvakaoma. Ndatiza ndaona ivhu ravakukoromoka mumwe wangu awanikwa asati abuda.
“It's sad my brother, zvandirwadza wangu,” said Solomon.
Sisonke Housing Cooperative chairperson Kenny Karimakwenda described the incident as a blow.
“I learnt about the tragedy with shock and this is a big blow to our cooperative that has managed to give decent accommodation to our members.
“We were finalizing the laying of sewer pipes and we decided to engage these guys but hey we have been robbed of a hardworking man,” they said dismissing reports of abusing money.
The body was taken by police for postmortem. H-Metro
"I am not anti-LeBron. I am actually a big LeBron fan as well, but when he's going against Steph, I would rather Steph over LeBron," they said. "But at the end of the day, I mean they are both great, great players, and I definitely respect everything that LeBron has done for this community and for this city and state.  They are one of the greatest players to ever touch a basketball if you ask me."
Browns quarterback Tyrod Taylor had some advice for Randall when it comes to picking sides and making your opinion public on social media.
"Don't hit send," they said. "Should have been smarter about the whole situation, about the tweet. Whether you feel that way or not, don't tweet it."
Coach Hue Jackson, who plans to jump into Lake Erie on Friday to make good on a promise they made when the team was going 0-16 last season, knew Randall would get some heat for their tweet.
"I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here, and you've got to be careful about what you say," Jackson said. "I don't think they meant any harm. I think they have a love and a respect for Curry, obviously. But they found out that, 'Hey, look, in this city it's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James."
Jackson also used a comment made by James following Cleveland's win in Boston on Sunday as a teaching tool for the Browns.
"Just the other day, I was able to show them LeBron's message to the media in Game 7 when they talked about team," they said.
"I thought it was tremendous. I thought what they said about their other teammates and how they are a huge part of it and how people who have not played the game or wore shorts or been in a locker room understand what it takes to win. I thought that was sensational. I said that to our football team."
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
An Air Force F-16C fighter jet crashed on Tuesday at the airport in Lake Havasu, Arizona, while attempting land.The pilot was able to eject and is in good condition, the Air Force said."An F-16C assigned to the 56th Fighter Wing diverted and attempted to land at Lake Havasu City Municipal Airport, Lake Havasu City, Arizona, at approximately 10:35 a.m. today during a routine training flight," read a statement from Luke Air Force Base.The base is located 15 miles south of Phoenix."During landing the aircraft departed the prepared surface and the pilot ejected from the aircraft," the statement continued. "The pilot is in good condition and is being transported to Havasu Regional Medical Center.""First responders are on site and there is no immediate danger to the public," the statement added.Earlier, Terrie Has, of the Lake Havasu City Fire Department, had told ABC affiliate KNXV that a military plane had crashed at the airport and that the pilot was ambulatory after ejecting from the aircraft.
Reps urge FG to set up a Military force to deal with herdsmen excesses
The recent attack by the Fulani Herdsmen has been a concern to residents of states in the country, and that has made the House of Representatives to ask the Federal Government to set up a joint military-police task force to confront “rampaging” herdsmen, who are killing and maiming victims in various parts of the country. …
The post Reps urge FG to set up a Military force to deal with herdsmen excesses appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Chris Rock Steps Out With Their Nigerian New Girlfriend For The NBA Finals
The American comedian was spotted courtside at the Oracle Arena in Oakland, beside their new girlfriend, Megalyn Echikunwoke. The 34-year-old half-Igbo Nigerian, half-Navajo Indian beauty, kept an arm around the 52 year old as they watched the Golden State Warriors beat the Cleveland Cavaliers during game five of the NBA Finals. The couple had initially…
The post Chris Rock Steps Out With Their Nigerian New Girlfriend For The NBA Finals appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Stan called Dupont Circle Travel, where Rick got a final scene, reporting that neither of their bosses was at work. Stan and Agent Ganzel then staked out one last wrong garage. (It wasn't a garage we'd ever seen before — as far as I could tell, the episode wasn't stuffed with Easter eggs.) Philip and Elizabeth were elsewhere, stealing a car — an unnoticeable magenta Taurus, I believe — and heading to Paige's apartment. Convincing them to leave Henry took a little more work — “He'll hate you,” they said, and Philip replied, “I know.” But they followed orders like always.
Meanwhile, the right light bulb finally went off at the right time, and Stan left the stakeout for a little freelancing. From a roof across the street, they saw Elizabeth and Philip arrive at Paige's and then leave with them (What are the odds their building wouldn't have an internal stairway to the parking garage?) They caught up with them just as they got to the car, and the momentous scene played out in the harsh garage light.
The Jenningses tried to play it off — Paige came up with the excuse that they aren't feeling well — but a suddenly livid Stan wasn't buying it. They knew Elizabeth was lying when they said they'd come from the travel agency. And they knew the car wasn't a loaner, as Philip claimed. “I'm not some traffic cop,” they snarled, and when Philip took a conciliatory step toward him, Stan pulled their gun. The rest of the scene played out with at gunpoint, and it was hard to say whom to be more worried for — the Jenningses, with Philip and Paige quaking, or Stan, with Elizabeth coolly waiting for them chance.
Even at the wrong end of a gun, the spies took the upper hand, refusing Stan's order to lie on the ground. Then Philip went to work. Switching to confession mode — “We had a job to do” — they gave the performance of their life, playing Stan the hardest when it mattered the most. The con worked because it was based on truth: Stan was Philip's only friend; Philip wished Stan had stayed with them in EST (great line); with Oleg arrested, Philip and Elizabeth had to get the message through.
Philip also did a little blaming of the victim, telling Stan, “You moved in next to me!” Stan's life may have been a joke, as they claimed, but Philip's was worse. (There was also some lying. Gennadi and Sofia? Who? But Stan made sure Paige knew that their parents were high-volume killers, which probably figured into later events.)
The appeals to friendship and world peace worked: “We're getting in that car and we're driving away,” Philip said, and Stan let them go. Before they got in the car, Paige said, “You have to take care of Henry,” handing off responsibility for their brother and reducing viewers everywhere to tears. And then, as an afterthought, Philip ruined Stan's life. “I think there's a chance Renee might be one of us,” they said, throwing out their hands. “I'm not sure.”
Detroit: Become Human is out at the end of next month, but you can get a taste of it today. The PlayStation 4 exclusive has a demo out today on the PlayStation Network Store (where else would it be?). It might look a little familiar if you've been paying attention to the game, too, centering on the hostage negotiation scene from the game's E3 debut two years ago. Last year, press at the show got to go hands on with this section, searching a glitzy Motor City high-rise apartment for clues and evidence before dealing with a rogue robot nanny holding a gun to their charge's head.
China Eastern and China Southern airlines have won approval from the National Development and Reform Commission of China (NDRC) to invest in Beijing's new airport, which is expected to open in 2019.
Shanghai-based China Eastern and Guangzhou-based China Southern will invest CNY13.2 billion ($1.9 billion) and CNY14.8 billion, respectively, in the yet-to-be-named airport in an effort to enhance their positions in the Beijing market.
In July 2016, the Civil Aviation Administration of China announced the two carriers, along with other SkyTeam members, will move to the new airport, which is located Beijing's Daxing district.
Beijing-based Air China and other Star Alliance member carriers are expected to remain at Beijing Capital Airport, which has a slot shortage.
China Eastern and China Southern are expected to build their own infrastructures at Beijing's new airport based on their respective passenger boardings. This would account for 40% of the airport's annual passenger volume—which is projected to be 45 million in 2020, 72 million in 2025, and 100 million in the longer term.
According to the NDRC, China Eastern's infrastructure at the new airport will cover 1.16 million sq m (12.5 million sq. ft.) and China Southern's infrastructure will be 1.09 million sq m. (11.7 million sq. ft.).
China Eastern plans to position Beijing's new airport as its core strategic hub for its most profitable Beijing-Shanghai route, increase the number of long-haul routes from Beijing, and strengthen cooperations with other SkyTeam members. Currently, China Eastern has no direct intercontinental long-haul route from Beijing.
In 2011, China Southern signed a cooperation agreement with the Beijing government to allocate 200 Airbus A330s and A380s to the new airport over the next 10 years.
Both carriers can take a four-year transition period to transfer all domestic and international routes to the new airport in exchange for favorable policies and support in areas that include international traffic rights, slots allocation, airport charges and ground handling.
Osun bye-election: Hussein secures APC ticket
After voting, Mr. Hussein scored 2,412 votes of the 2,413 valid votes cast.
The post Osun bye-election: Hussein secures APC ticket appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Boys high school basketball wrapped up in Ontario in early March when provincial champions were crowned in three enrolment categories.
Not all players from Niagara have put away their sneakers for the off-season, however.
On Wednesday, 40 of the top players from the region are back on the court showcasing their skills in a north-south all-star doubleheader at St. Catharines Collegiate.
Action in the battle for basketball bragging rights between players from zones 3 and 4 tips off with the top 20 game at 6:30 p.m. followed by the marquee matchup, featuring the top 10 from each zone, at 8 p.m.
All proceeds from the charity games will go to Big Brothers and Big Sisters organizations in Niagara.
This is the first time the showcase will open with a top 20 game. In past years only the top 10 players nominated from their schools were invited to take part.
Selection process for the teams started with high school coaches in the region each nominating three players from their teams. A committee made up of representatives from the various leagues then picked the final teams.
Frank Keltos, a member of the selection committee as well as boys basketball head coach at Collegiate, is helping the organize the boys game after 10 years volunteering to run a girls hoops showcase. They called Wednesday night's doubleheader a way of giving back to the players.
“Speaking an as ex-high school player and a college player, there's always that final game you hope to play with the best players in the region,” Keltos said. “Now they get that one game to see what it's like to play the best players rather than against them.”
Keltos said the game is an opportunity for players to shine, especially if their school finished lower in the standings. They pointed out players who compete with smaller schools don't often get to shine in the regular season.
“Sometimes, the team that wins don't have that best athlete, they just have more,” Keltos said. “Ultimately, it's not a one-man or a two- man game, you got five guys on the court. So, for the schools, it's always nice to have a representative. It's a proud moment for each individual school.”
Selecting 17-year old Desmond Taylor to represent Collegiate was a no-brainer. Taylor worked hard this season and has Keltos believing they will be playing at the college level next season.
They have already been accepted to Niagara College in the fall, and they want to make a good impression in their last hurrah at the high school level.
“I can look at the talent here and then up my game, because college level is going to be much harder,” Taylor said. “I'm just trying to go out there and show what I got.”
Taylor is ranked seventh among players from Zone 4 and first overall from their school. The 6-foot small forward said it's an honour to be selected in the top 10, considering the amount of time and effort put in to competing at an all-star level.
“It's going to be really competitive, but I know I can do my best,” Taylor said. “I have to put my stuff out there and train my hardest to get ready for college ball.”
Twelve schools from each zone will have at least one representative at the game. A.N. Myer, Eden, Saint Francis, Saint Paul, Sir Winston Churchill and Welland Centennial will be sending three players each.
HOOPS HEADLINERS
Players selected from north Niagara, Zone 4; south Niagara, Zone 3; for a top 10, top 20 doubleheader Wednesday at St. Catharines Collegiate starting at 6 :30 p.m.
Top 10 north all-stars: 1. Ivan Peso, Holy Cross; 2. Jack Riddell, Saint Francis; 3. Tom Whitty, Eden; 4. Harrison Enns, Sir Winston Churchill; 5. Rahim Bardi, Governor Simcoe; 6. Alex Cochrane, Governor Simcoe; 7. Desmond Taylor, St. Catharines Collegiate; 8. Tyrell McLennan, Saint Francis; 9. Ryan Benvento, Churchill; 10. Steven Rosts, Eden. Top 20 north all-stars: 11. Sam Braithwaite, Saint Francis; 12. Nick Pasaluko, Grimsby; 13. Dakota Welbourn, Beamsville; 14. Liam Porteous, Laura Secord; 15. Asim Serri, Churchill; 16. Sam Tomaino, Blessed Trinity; 17. Colton Smith, Thorold; 18., Ryan Gilbert, Eden; 19. Robert Smith, Collegiate; 10. Sympho Ilunga, Denis Morris. Coaches: Shaun Feor, Simcoe; Gregg Loucks, Churchill; Brian MacIsaac, Eden; Mike McGinnis, Saint Francis.
Top 10 south all-stars: 1. Johnnie Richardson, Saint Paul; 2. Kennedy Talarico, Saint Paul; 3. Tre Ford, A.N. Myer; 4. Stephan Milijenovic, Myer; 5. Bailey Moreau, Lakeshore Catholic; 6. Jacob Bray, Welland Centennial; 7. Reese Radobenko, Centennial; 8. Braidon Moore, Notre Dame; 9. Alexander Root, Notre Dame; 10; Brett Warkentin, Niagara Christian. Top 20 south all-stars: 11. Ben Kalchman, E.L. Crossley; 12. Joaquin Zarza, Westlane; 13. Noah Harris, Stamford; 14. Ethan Van Natter, Ridgeway-Crystal Beach; 15. Philippe Angervil, Jean Vanier; 16. Ehab Sati, Centennial; 17. Christien Anderson, Westlane; 18. Victor Kariuki, Saint Paul; 19. Thomas Rigas-Di Domenico, Myer; 20. Dusan Krkljus, Saint Michael. Coaches: Anthony Haughton, Niagara Christian; Phil Mosley, Centennial; Dave Shaw, Myer.
AP Photo/Matt Slocum
After three days, the jury in entertainer Bill Cosby's sex assault trial outside Philadelphia has been unable to reach a verdict on three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Deliberations were set to resume Thursday.
The jury must reach a unanimous decision. If the jury tells the judge they are deadlocked, they will have considerable flexibility under Pennsylvania law in how to respond.
—
Q: How long can deliberations go?
A: It's rare that juries go for more than a couple days, according to veteran jury consultant Art Patterson, a social psychologist with DecisionQuest, a New York-based trial consulting firm.
The Cosby jurors were picked 300 miles away in Pittsburgh and have been sequestered in the Philadelphia suburbs during the trial.
“Hung juries aren't that common because jurors want to reach a verdict, and they usually get to a verdict,” Patterson said.
If deliberations drag on, that's usually because either the panel is divided or, in complex cases, they are reviewing voluminous amounts of evidence. The Cosby jury got the case on the sixth day of the trial.
“People usually have their minds pretty well made up early in the deliberations process,” Patterson said.
Philadelphia-based jury consultant Melissa M. Gomez said: “There's a good chance that there are polarizations of opinion on either end, and they want to go through evidence carefully, simultaneously – those things are happening at once.”
—
Q: What happens if they tell the judge they are deadlocked?
A: In nearly all cases, a judge would tell them to keep at it, according to Pennsylvania criminal defense lawyer Ed Paskey, “as long as it's not going to do violence to their conscience or their individual opinions.”
Paskey, a former prosecutor with nearly 100 jury trials under their belt, said they have seen a judge tell jurors three times to resume deliberations, and in that case they did produce a conviction in a sexual assault case.
“It's a very, very rare occasion that a judge is going to let a jury off the hook on the first indication they're hopelessly deadlocked,” Paskey said. “If you start to get into three or four full days, then there is going to be some concern after that point that perhaps a jury is not going to be able to reach a verdict.”
Pittsburgh defense attorney Bernard Tully, a former prosecutor, said judges usually encourage jurors facing an impasse to try again, respecting one another's opinions, before they are willing to declare a mistrial.
“The language, a lot of times, that triggers this (is) if they come back and say, ‘We're hopelessly deadlocked and there's no reasonable amount of additional deliberations that would cause us to change our views,'” Tully said. “At that point, in all likelihood, the judge would declare a mistrial.”
—
Q: Short of a mistrial, can the judge take other action?
A: Patterson said judges have discretion to remove individual jurors under certain conditions.
“If the other jurors say to the judge, one juror will not deliberate, will not discuss facts, reasons, will not participate, judges have actually removed jurors. That's a very extreme move, but it can be done,” they said.
Tully said the judge would need “some foundation or basis for that radical step,” more than simply hearing that someone has dug in their heels.
“Jurors are not required to give up a real belief just to reach a verdict,” Tully said.
—
Q: What happens to Cosby if there's a hung jury?
A: The charges would stand. Prosecutors would get four months to decide whether to retry the case or abandon it. Tully said Cosby would likely get the same bail conditions – they are free on $1 million bond – as they have attended all the hearings.
—
Q: How do prosecutors decide whether to retry a case that produced a hung jury?
A: Patterson said the factors include prosecutors' own analysis of the strength of the evidence, how high-profile the case is and the cost to go through another trial.
“There's a phrase that's often repeated, that the evidence rarely gets any better after the first trial for the prosecution,” Paskey said. They said prosecutors also factor in the willingness of victims to go through a trial again.
Prosecutors can ask the jurors who could not reach a verdict if they will discuss what occurred. If they give the district attorney the sense there were several people willing to acquit, that would complicate a decision to retry him, Tully said.
“I would think they'd listen very heavily to what the jurors had to say, if they'll talk,” Tully said.
Comments
comments
National Association Presidents
1) Table Tennis- Tikon Ishiaku
2) Darts- Hassan Haruna
3) Sailing/Canoeing/
Rowing- Francis Porbeni
4) Golf- Olagunsoye Oyinlola
5) Scrabble- Souliman Gore
6) Cycling- Giandomenico Massari
7) Wresting Daniel Igali.
8 Basketball Ahmadu Kida
9) Volleyball Musa Nimrod-
10) Gymnastics. Kelvin Erhuwunse
11)Athletics Ibrahim Gusau
12) Karate Silas Agara
13) Badminton Francis Orbih
14) Handball Sam Oche
15)Cricket Prof Adam Yahaya
16) Hockey Abdul Ningi
17) Shooting Lonsdale Adeoye
18) Taekwondo Margaret Binga
19) Tennis Dayo Akindoju
20) Boxing Kenneth Minimah
21) Aquatics Fatayi Williams
22) Judo Prince Timothy Nsirim
23) Weightlifting Mohd Yahaya
24) Deafsports Usman Ahmed
25) Scrabble Gora Suleiman
The post National Association Presidents appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Your personal style: Whose business?
Nigeria Today
MORENIKE TaireIs it a human right matter or is it a matter of personal style the way a lady chooses to dress? Should women be told what to wear? Funke Ajomale. Have you read Trendiee Today? Click here to read. I remember when I was in secondary …
and more »
OHIO STATE
WR Austin Mack, junior. The junior was the fifth-leading receiver last year with 24 catches for 343 yards and two TDs. They caught a huge 27-yard pass from Dwayne Haskins Jr. against Michigan and stood out in the Cotton Bowl with three catches for 56 yards against Southern California.
PENN STATE
LB Micah Parsons, first-year student. The Nittany Lions' highest-rated recruit in more than a decade, Parsons will wear No. 11 — the number made famous in Happy Valley 20 years ago by two-time first-team All-American LaVar Arrington. Parsons made eight tackles in the spring game and left coaches and teammates wondering how good he'll be when he's totally in sync with the defence.
RUTGERS
WR Bo Melton, sophomore. They fought through a back injury last season and played in just five games. Now they look like the Scarlet Knights' top big-play threat. Arthur Sitkowski connected with Melton five times for 187 yards and three TDs in the spring game.
___
WEST DIVISION
ILLINOIS
OL Vederian Lowe, sophomore. Lowe was among four true freshmen who saw action on the offensive line last season, and they took their lumps. A knee injury delayed Lowe's development, but they still started seven games at tackle. The 6-foot-5 Lowe has lost nearly 30 pounds in hopes of getting down to 310.
IOWA
DE A.J. Epenesa, sophomore. Epenesa, the rare five-star recruit to land at Iowa, was used on passing downs as a first-year student even though the Hawkeyes were very deep along the line. Epenesa responded with 4.5 sacks. Iowa should have one of the top defensive lines in the country, so double-teaming Epenesa will be a risk.
MINNESOTA
RB Mohamed Ibrahim, redshirt first-year student. Ibrahim was the Gophers' 2017 offensive scout team player of the year, and he'll complement Rodney Smith after Shannon Brooks was ruled out for the season with a leg injury. Ibrahim rushed 19 times for 104 yards in the spring game.
NEBRASKA
QB Adrian Martinez, first-year student. One of Scott Frost's first acts at Nebraska was getting Martinez to flip their verbal commitment from Tennessee and enrol in January. The four-star recruit is a perfect fit for Frost's offence. A strong performance in the spring game did nothing to tamp down the hype surrounding Martinez.
NORTHWESTERN
RB Jeremy Larkin, sophomore. Larkin averaged 6 yards per carry as a redshirt first-year student backing up four-time 1,000-yard rusher Justin Jackson. Larkin finished with 503 yards rushing and five touchdowns. They also averaged better than 10 yards on their 11 catches.
PURDUE
WR Isaac Zico, senior. They played in 11 games and finished with six receptions for 34 yards and a TD. The Boilermakers lost their second- and third-leading receivers, so Zico will be given every opportunity to make an impact.
WISCONSIN
DE Isaiahh Loudermilk, sophomore. The Badgers lost three senior defensive ends, and Loudermilk's upside is huge. He's a Kansas native who played eight-man football in high school. As a backup last season, the 6-foot-7, 297-pounder had 11 tackles and 1.5 sacks in 11 games.
___
AP Sports Writers Dave Campbell, Tom Canavan, David Ginsburg, Larry Lage, Mike Marot, Luke Meredith, Andrew Seligman, Mitch Stacy and AP freelance writer Travis Johnson contributed.
___
More AP college football: https://collegefootball.ap.org
By Eric Olson, The Associated Press
Julius Agwu pictured with their wife in Texas
Ace comedian, Julius Agwu who was hospitalized for months in the U.S. and recently in the U.K is finally back to their feet. The top entertainer was pictured with their wife, Ebiere and a friend at a cross over service in Houston, Texas. Watch video HERE.
The post Julius Agwu pictured with their wife in Texas appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Chronic or Half Treated Malaria
Dear doctor,
I'm having severe cold with pain all over my body, particularly the waist, hip bone, knees, sternum, including my ribs. At times, it's in my lungs. In addition, I have a sour taste in my mouth with headache from the back and eye aches. I sweat a lot, especially when I sleep, waking up with the whole bed drenched, as well as my pajamas. My appetite could be better.
I am 63 years of age. I've just recently treated malaria with the recommended combination. I do not have an idea why I am so unwell. I am miserable and don't know what to do.
– Shamsideen Saleh, Sokoto
Dear Shamsideen,
The commonest cause of your symptoms in this clime is half-treated malaria. I use Piperaquine or Amodiaquine and Artemisinine to treat malaria instead of the combination you mentioned, which I have discovered is associated with plenty of cases, like yours, where malaria gets only half-treated and thus returns within a fortnight or so.
I think you have chronic malaria with some amount of enteric fever (salmonellosis) into the bargain. You could also have some amount of Elderly Pneumonia. Malaria's symptoms can become very much milder than the usual high fever, especially with patients in highly endemic areas, like Nigeria, especially with the older generation who have had a long time since birth to develop their immunity. The body pains, especially pains in the joints also can make the care-giver think of arthritis.
A safe rule is to treat every arthritis sufferer first for malaria and to check them all over to rule out elderly pneumonia whose presentation, also, can be much milder than classical. You should see a good doctor who would order tests, like the Widal test for you to confirm or deny the suspicion of salmonellosis or typhoid and get treated with the relevant antibiotics. There are also wonderful natural cures and remedies for both typhoid and malaria (together) which you can use and both your malaria and typhoid will disappear. Just call the help-lines
Spiritually inflicted disease entity
Dear Dr., My mom needs help. What they have been complaining of for about one year now is weakness and dizziness. We took them from home to come to Lagos so that they can be properly assessed and taken care of. They have done all major and minor tests and has been seen by the very best medical experts in all kinds of fields, yet they are still complaining of these same symptoms. What do you think is the matter with them and how can we cure her? One of my cousins thinks it is spiritual. What do you think?
– Jamil Taraba, Yola
Spiritually Inflicted Disease Entity
Dear Doc,
My mum needs help. What they have been complaining of for about one year now is weakness and dizziness. We took them from home to Lagos so that they can be properly assessed and taken care of. They have done all major and minor tests and has been seen by the very best medical experts in all kinds of fields, yet they are still complaining of these same symptoms.
What do you think is the matter with them and how can we cure her? One of my cousins thinks it is spiritual. What do you think?
– Jamil Taraba, Yola.
Dear Jamil,
When the kind of complaints you have enunciated is the challenge, I have nothing better to say than to quote wholesale a question and answer piece from my archives of this column also accessible from the website www.mediamedix.blogspot.com.ng and which follows below:
Heart cry over staphylococcus
Dear Doctor,
I have for years been diagnosed as having a scanty growth of Staphylococcus aureus. I have equally received several treatments from several hospitals to no avail or so I think. Some doctors have also told me to ignore the test result and remove my mind from it, as it was not a problem per se. However, I have been married for over five years now without a child and in the circumstance I am forced to think of all possible reasons so that solutions can be sought. Some of my lab investigations have shown a high percentage of inactive/dead semen in motility checks – 15% active, 65% sluggish, 20% dead, with a count of 48 x10 to power6 cells/cm(3) to power 3! My SFA yielded no bacterial growth after 24hrs incubation @37degrees centigrade. But a swab culture yielded a scanty growth of staphylococcus spp? After 48 hours incubation at 37degrees!
I am currently receiving treatment. I have paid heavily for all sorts of tests- cytoclines screening (historone, TNF-alpha, IL2, IL6, IL8, Thyroglobin); Fructase, acid phosphate, alkaline phosphate; Testosterone, Inhibin B, Prolactin, FSH, LH,; Sperm AB, IgA, IgM,; PSA, ANA, ACA, CRP, etc. Most of the results show normal ranges.
After reading your response on Staph and HIV/AIDS in The Sun in February 2015, I decided to write and ask for your opinion/advice on the above matter. Has Staph anything to do with my present childless condition? I will appreciate if you can assist me get out of this problem and enjoy my married life with children of my own.
– Demola R. Faramade (DRF), Ogun.
Dear DRF,
Please Stop! Please stop all those tests and running around to no avail and listen. Listen really carefully– Very likely, you are faced with what I call a Peculiar Disease (PEDI) or a Spiritually Inflicted Disease Entity (SIDES). Proof? All the most highfalutin tests medicaments and doctors in the whole world and yet – ALL TO NO AVAIL! What to do? Simple. See a doctor/physician or practitioner, like me who understands that “God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathed into their nostrils the breath of life and man became a living mind or soul” (Genesis 2.7). Man is not body alone!!! Man is a spirit; resident in a body and equipped with a mind – body, mind and spirit and problems can come from any of the three areas!!! You are looking for solutions where there are none. The problem is beyond your body. Maybe in your mind or mental space. Or more likely, spiritually inflicted.
How to tackle SIDES? Prayer. Fervent prayer – and more. I do not apologise for this. I even said it in the write-up you refer to – that of last week – that there are mysterious, strange and solution-defying problems that can only be solved by God's intervention. But then – if all you'll do is prayer – why are you a doctor, you may ask?
No Sir!! You must approach such problems from all three angles – at the same time!! Use your drugs. Please use your drugs; treat the staph or whatever the label it is given. You see the real name of what you face is childlessness; simple. Childlessness masquerading behind a perpetual diagnosis of staph. By all means, get as much medical help as you have the opportunity to. Do not be a fool. But pray and use your mind also. For an instance of using your mind: why will you still be childless even after all the staph has disappeared and your sperm count is okay with the motility? Yes, Staph in the prostate (SFA) or Expressed Prostatic Secretion (EPS) will destroy sperm cells causing low or no sperm count, but your semen is now free. The swab culture is a contaminant. Learn all you need to about the condition facing you so you can tackle it successfully. For example, if staph is your worry, send now to staphdocotor@yahoo.com for free details of what to do.
We routinely do this for people and have the great satisfaction that we do solve such problems – cancer, HIV/AIDS, drug addiction, arthritis, hypertension, diabetes, infertility, staphylococcus or other such unspeakable distresses like the ones you face.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) - Pop star Madonna has lost their battle to prevent an auction of their personal items, including a love letter from their ex-boyfriend, the late rapper Tupac Shakur, a pair of worn panties and a hairbrush containing their hair.
Last year, a judge ordered Gotta Have It! Collectibles to pull the items from its impending rock 'n' roll-themed auction after the Material Girl sought an emergency court order.
In a decision revealed Monday, the judge dismissed the case on grounds the statute of limitations to recover the items had passed.
The auction house told The New York Times it had done due diligence on the items and was confident Madonna had no claim.
The company says the auction will be in July.
Starting bid for the Tupac letter is $100,000.
___
Information from: The New York Times, http://www.nytimes.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Embattled casino mogul Steve Wynn brokered a settlement more than a decade ago with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct and recently reported them to the FBI, their attorneys say in court documents.
Wynn and one of their attorneys met with FBI agents last month to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement, according to documents received earlier this month in state court in Las Vegas.
It comes two months after the Wall Street Journal reported that several women said the billionaire harassed or assaulted them and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement with a manicurist formerly employed by the company. They resigned as chairperson and CEO of Las Vegas-based Wynn Resorts last month.
Wynn has vehemently denied the accusations reported by the newspaper and attributed them to a campaign led by their ex-wife. Them attorney has denied that they instigated the report.
The recent court filings do not provide details of the newly revealed settlement. The woman on Monday did not return a message seeking comment from The Associated Press, which generally does not name people who say they are victims of sexual misconduct.
Them attorney, Lisa Bloom, said in an email that their client denies the extortion allegations.
"My client, who wishes to remain anonymous at this time, has never committed any act of extortion," they wrote. "To the contrary, they simply stated that they wanted to speak. Them emails did not seek any money. And that is surely why the FBI has not even questioned them about this, nor has they not been charged with any crime."
The FBI declined to confirm Monday whether it has investigated the extortion accusations. A declaration by one of Wynn's attorneys, Donald Campbell, says the FBI notified them on Feb. 10 that it had "concluded its investigation."
Campbell identified the woman as a "former Wynn employee" with whom the billionaire settled in December 2006, when they worked as a "Playboy Bunny" at the Palms casino-hotel. Wynn Resorts has never owned that property. Its oldest casino-resort in Las Vegas opened in 2005.
Emails included in the court documents show the woman contacted an attorney who represented Wynn in the settlement, Barry Slotnick, the day after the Wall Street Journal story was published in January.
They said they understood their non-disclosure agreement banned them from speaking out but that they believed telling their story would be a good thing.
The woman wrote to the attorney again a few days later, saying they wanted to reveal the details of the settlement publicly and to consider the message notice of their intentions. The emails do not ask for money, and they don't appear to be redacted.
The emails "clearly evidenced that they were engaged in an effort to 'shakedown'" Wynn, Campbell said in their declaration.
The settlement is the second between Steve Wynn and a woman who alleged sexual misconduct to be revealed during a yearslong civil case that has involved the billionaire; their ex-wife, Elaine Wynn; and a former business partner.
The deal reported by the Wall Street Journal was previously referenced broadly in the civil case, which is scheduled for trial in April.
A large portion of the case was settled earlier this month when Wynn Resorts agreed to pay a Tokyo-based company $2.4 billion by the end of March. Elaine Wynn is fighting their ex-husband and Wynn Resorts over their removal from the company's board of directors in 2015.
___
Follow Regina Garcia Cano on Twitter at https://twitter.com/reginagarciakNO
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Donald Trump snapped back at a story in the New York Times on Monday morning, disputing some of its details in a furious tweet: “Another false story, this time in the Failing @ nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day – Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting.”
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day – Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 11, 2017
From the scathing NYT story:
Before taking office, Mr. Trump told top aides to think of each presidential day as an episode in a television show in which they vanquish rivals. People close to them estimate that Mr. Trump spends at least four hours a day, and sometimes as much as twice that, in front of a television, sometimes with the volume muted, marinating in the no-holds-barred wars of cable news and eager to fire back…
…The ammunition for their Twitter war is television. No one touches the remote control except Mr. Trump and the technical support staff — at least that's the rule. During meetings, the 60-inch screen mounted in the dining room may be muted, but Mr. Trump keeps an eye on scrolling headlines. What they miss they check out later on what they call their “Super TiVo,” a state-of-the-art system that records cable news.
Watching cable, they share thoughts with anyone in the room, even the household staff they summon via a button for lunch or for one of the dozen Diet Cokes they consume each day.
But they are leery of being seen as tube-glued — a perception that reinforces the criticism that they are not taking the job seriously.
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — The Football Association has started to gather evidence following reports of an incident involving the players and coaching staff of Manchester United and Manchester City near the dressing rooms after the derby match.
The FA has sought observations from both clubs and could also request CCTV footage of the incident, which took place immediately after City's 2-1 win at Old Trafford in the Premier League on Sunday.
A person with knowledge of the situation says about 15 people were involved in a melee around the doorway to the visitors' dressing room, and that City's assistant coach, Mikel Arteta, sustained a cut on their forehead.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss dressing-room incidents.
Fog blanketed Wrightsville Beach on Monday, Jan. 2. Here are a few images of the fog today.
When the makers of Ghajinikanth announced the film's release, it sent Twitter into a meltdown. The upcoming Tamil comedy film will hit the big screen on July 27. The movie, which is named after an amalgamation of Rajinikanth and Tamil superhit Ghajini, will feature Arya and Sayyeshaa in lead roles.
4th of July was significant for n number of reasons but one trend that was giving a run for the money to all the other trends on Twitter was the announcement of highly-anticipated Tamil film Ghajinikanth's release. #GhajinikanthFromJuly27 was trending at the summit on the micro-blogging site and Twitter users were unable to contain their excitement when the makers of the film scheduled it for release.
The romantic comedy film was under the scrutiny of Animal Welfare Board for a long time due to some scenes in the film which was causing a delay in its release. On Wednesday, the board cleared the movie and the makers were quick to announce its release date as July 27.
The Tamil-language comedy film is written and directed by Santhosh P Jayakumar and produced by KE Gnanavel Raja. The movie is a remake of Maruthi Dasari's 2015 film Bhale Bhale Magadivoy which was about an absent-minded plant scientist and their efforts to hide their inherent memory-related flaws from their girlfriend.
Ghajinikanth stars Arya and Sayyeshaa Saigal in lead roles while Karunakaran, Sathish, Kaali Venkat and Sampath Raj as supporting cast. The music of the film is composed by Balamurali Balu.
Both the lead actors in the film took to Twitter and shared their delight on the announcement of film's release.
Sayyeshaa wrote: You will surely enjoy this amazing entertainer! A super team and a lovely film! Need all your love! Go catch #Ghajinikanth on the 27th of July in a theatre near you!
#GhajinikanthFromJuly27
You will surely enjoy this amazing entertainer! A super team and a lovely film! Need all your love! Go catch #Ghajinikanth on the 27th of July in a theatre near you! @arya_offl @santhoshpj21 @actorsathish @StudioGreen2 @kegvraja pic.twitter.com/Wwli3ENGex — Sayyeshaa (@sayyeshaa) July 4, 2018
Arya captioned their post: “U” film by my bother @santhoshpj21 on July 27th. Feels good to have a release after an year. Looking forward to this one. thank you @sayyeshaa @actorsathish @actorkaruna for making it memorable
“U” film by my bother @santhoshpj21 on July 27th 😍😍😍 Feels good to have a release after an year 💃💃💃Looking forward to this one 👍👍 thank you @sayyeshaa @actorsathish @actorkaruna for making it memorable 😘😘💪💪#GhajinikanthFromJuly27 @StudioGreen2 @kegnanavelraja 💪💪 pic.twitter.com/jPz15XoRVF — Arya (@arya_offl) July 4, 2018
The intriguing title of the movie is an amalgamation of Tamil superstar Rajinikanth and Tamil superhit film Ghajini. Ghajinikanth was titled after taking Rajinikanth's character in Dharmathin Thalaivan and Suriya's character in Ghajini.
A large part of the movie has been shot in Thailand and rest of it in Chennai. The shooting of the film was concluded in less than 40 days by director Santhosh.
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Dogs might look like they have nothing but unconditional love for us. It turns out, though, that it's not so unconditional.
Dogs observe human behavior and make decisions about us, according to a new study reported on in the New Scientist. Kyoto University's James Anderson and their team looked into social evaluations in dogs and monkeys and discovered that these animals are totally checking us out and passing judgement.
Turns out that both animals like people who are nice. Here's how they proved it with dogs.
A dog's owner sat between two actors and tried to open a container, then passed it to one of the actors. One helped the owner open it and the other didn't.
Then, each actor took turns offering the dog a treat alongside the dog's owner. When the helpful actor offered the dog a treat, the dog showed no preference between the owner or the actor. When the unhelpful actor offered a treat with the owner, the dog chose the owner.
It shows that the dogs are watching our moves. So if your dog is giving you that unconditional-love look, you might be doing something right.
When Pakk Yourng, a social science researcher, first came back to Cambodia after an absence of almost a decade, they were told that nobody goes to pagodas anymore to play traditional games in celebration of Khmer New Year.
They were skeptical, and had to see for himself.
“So I went to at least 30 pagodas during this New Year,” said Mr. Yourng, who returned to Cambodia last year with a master's degree from the University of Cambridge in the U.K.
They embarked on an unofficial social research project, setting off from their wife's hometown in Kandal province, continuing along National Roads 4, 5 and 6 into the remote districts of Oral in Kompong Speu province, Batheay in Kompong Cham, Ponhea Leu in Kandal and Kompong Tralach in Kompong Chhnang.
“I saw that none of these communities were hosting any cultural events like trot dancing or playing cultural games in the pagoda,” they said. “I asked lay priests in the pagodas and they said people now like to gather in groups to drink instead.”
Mr. Yourng's observations point to a gradual transformation of social traditions over 20 years, a fading out of communal New Year's activities centered around the pagoda, and toward the rise of private gatherings driven by booming subwoofers and dancing.
More recently, this slow evolution has led to the rise of major festivals in several provinces, many of them organized by young people yearning to restore Khmer traditions. On their face, the festivals are a rebirth of traditional songs and games, but they also mark an institutionalization—and often commercialization—of festivities, with a growing division between the audience and the stage.
The old tradition, of communities—and especially the young—gathering in pagodas to pay their respects to monks and play traditional games has existed since at least Norodom Sihanouk's Sangkum Reastr Niyum regime during the 1950s and 1960s, and is likely far older, said Ang Choulean, an anthropologist at the Royal University of Fine Arts who specializes in Cambodian traditions.
Games at the pagoda—like Bos Angkunh, which involves throwing stone-like fruit, or Chol Chhoung, where two lines of players pass a scarf back and forth—were about tradition, not religion, Mr. Choulean said.
“This is intangible heritage,” Mr. Choulean said. “But now this really has declined, and almost is gone.”
Mr. Choulean said the cultural evolution could be understood as a part of people's growing isolation.
“If we look at houses in the past, no one built a high fence to separate their own house. But now, each builds a high fence,” they said. “This is the same matter. Society has evolved to a state of separation from each other, to such individualized states that even if someone lives close to another, they might not even know each other in person.”
New Year celebrations, too, had become a “personal matter,” with groups of acquaintances coming together at private gatherings, Mr. Choulean said.
Like any change, however, the cultural shift appears to have moved faster in some places than in others.
Pheng Sou Leng, an assistant at a Phnom Penh consultancy who goes back to their hometown in Kratie province every New Year, said they still see many traditional celebrations there.
“At night, my brother would drive their car from north to east to visit different pagodas, at least to dance to a few songs,” they said with a laugh. “I think different places are different.”
Still, there were fewer people playing traditional games, they admitted. Although the celebrations still take place at pagodas, there is now a mix of traditions and modern music, with less traditional games and more dancing, they said.
Elsewhere, young Cambodians eager to preserve their culture have revived traditional games and performances in their home provinces by organizing large festivals that are exploding in popularity. Many mimic Siem Reap's annual Angkor Sangkranta festival, put on by the Union of Youth Federations of Cambodia, which is led by Prime Minister Hun Sen's son Hun Many.
Rithy Lomorpich, a freelance media producer, is one of the organizers of “Bonn Phum,” an annual New Year festival in the pagodas of Phnom Penh that began in 2014.
After spending time in different countries in Southeast Asia during their university studies—including living in Thailand for a time—Ms. Lomorpich realized that the New Year's traditions of their home country were being lost, they said.
“People don't even know what Sangkran means and thought it was a name of a New Year cultural celebration in Thailand,” they said. Sangkran is a Sanskrit-derived word designating the first day of the new year.
So the idea of gathering friends—many studying in different universities at the time—to celebrate the New Year emerged in their social group, they said.
“At first, we just wanted to have a gathering before the New Year. And the idea has grown bigger and bigger, to the point where we have connected it to our experiences from when we were young and used to go to pagodas to play traditional games,” they said. “We don't see it anymore. That was why we wanted to bring it back.”
The event now includes traditional performances like Rom Vong, Saravan dance and Lakhaon theater, and has moved to a bigger venue in Kandal province this year.
Held at the Tuol Krasang Pagoda, this year's event attracted between 15,000 and 16,000 people over three days, Ms. Lomorpich said, up from about 3,000 when it first began in 2014.
Kem Chanbopha, 19, a third-year university student majoring in business, has a similar story. Concerned by the loss of cultural identity, they started gathering their peers in Battambang province last year to organize Sangkran Phum Yerng (Our Village's Sangkran) with the help of almost 100 volunteers from high schools in Battambang.
Them festival has grown from about 5,000 participants to roughly 13,000 this year, in an event held at Preah Monivong High School in Battambang City, they said.
“I think we have reminded people how to play the traditional games. Some people who attended the event did not know how to play even Bos Angkunh, so we have taught them,” Ms. Chanbopha said.
In Prey Veng province, another new Sangkran festival sprouted last year and doubled in size to 50,000 attendees this year, said organizer Ty Vanny, who noted that their festival had a public education element to it.
“Besides cultural performances and traditional games, we have also organized roleplay to educate the public about the side-effects of drinking alcohol during the festival, which leads to social insecurity,” Ms. Vanny said.
Seng Somony, spokesperson for the Cults and Religion Ministry, said they had been receiving increasing reports of new celebrations being organized around the country.
On the back of the new Sangkran celebrations, there appeared to be more people playing traditional games and joining in cultural dancing, they said.
However, the phenomenon was not as straightforward as simply restoring old traditions, said Mr. Choulean, the anthropologist.
Although the new celebrations bring people together during Khmer New Year, they are typically more passive than the active, spontaneous involvement of the past, they said.
“It is just a show on the stage, but not from the people,” they said.
When it comes to intangible heritage, the loss, rebirth and evolution of culture is beyond our control—it cannot be corralled or shaped, Mr. Choulean said.
“When it's gone—and it will be gone—something new will happen,” they said. “We can create technology, but not heritage. What we can do is to keep it alive, when it isn't completely gone to bring it back and preserve it.”
sokunthea@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Sunday December 17 is the date for Sutton-in-Ashfield Rambling Club's Christmas Ramble in Derbyshire's Wessington, Crich and Ambergate area.
The club would be very pleased to welcome new members to an easy seven-mile Christmas ramble. As usual there will be an extended lunch break at the Black Swan in Crich to give plenty of time for singing, refreshments and a raffle.
The walk will start at Wessington and then follow a couple of field footpaths across to Wheatcroft.
Ramblers will then head up to enjoy the views from Crich Stand and then drop down into Crich for Christmas festivities.
Suitably refreshed you will then pass by the chapel, up onto Crich Tor, through Crich Chase and descend to walk a short section of the Cromford Canal. before then linking up with the A6 and boarding the coach on the A610 near Ambergate for 4pm departure home.
The Skills coach sets off from the Staff of Life pub in Sutton-in-Ashfield at 9.15am and from the Bancroft Lane end of Stockwell Gate (outside the Asda supermarket) in Mansfield at 9.30am.
Other pick up points are available between these locations. The coach fare is £10. For further information, ring 07580 403471.
TORONTO — Scotiabank's 1832 Asset Management LP will pay a fine after improper lavish spending on promotional activities for financial advisers.
Under a settlement agreement with the Ontario Securities Commission, the firm will pay an $800,000 fine and an additional $150,000 for costs related to the regulator's investigation.
Investment fund managers are prohibited from providing "excessive non-monetary benefits" to advisers. Promotional activities and items are supposed to be of minimal value.
According to the settlement, the investment firm, which is the manager of the Dynamic family of mutual funds, failed to meet the minimum standards of conduct from November 2012 to October 2017.
It provided tickets to NHL games, concerts and golf events. Investment conference attendees were also gifted Apple iPad minis, keyboards and sunglasses as well as pricey food, drinks and entertainment.
The settlement noted that 1832 started to make changes last year to its internal practices aimed at improving its compliance.
Glen Gowland, Scotiabank's senior vice-president and head, asset management, said the bank takes its regulatory responsibilities seriously.
"We will continue to work closely with regulators and others to ensure that, as manager of the Dynamic Funds, we meet all requirements with third-party dealers and dealer representatives," Gowland said in a statement.
"We were fully co-operative with the OSC staff during the investigation."
Companies in this story: (TSX:BNS)
BREAKING: ALL PARTY MEETING IN DARJEELING ON FEBRUARY 8 GTA chairperson Mr. Binay Tamang has just announced the next All Party Meeting is scheduled to be held in Darjeeling on February 8, during the Chief Minister four days visit in Darjeeling. 825 total views, 825 views today Comments comments 825 total views, 825 views today
Darjeeling Tea production falls 65% low Darjeeling Tea has lost over 65% of its production in 2017 according to data published by the Tea Board of India. The Total tea production in Darjeeling was 8.13 Million kilos in 2016, however, it has been decreased to 2.82 Million kilos in 2017. 828 total views, 828 views today Comments comments 828 total views, 828 views today
GJMM trade union threats GJMM trade union has threatened to stop dispatch the first flush tea from the gardens of the hills if bonus dues are not paid immediately. As agreed to pay the bonus 19.75% last year, however, only half of the bonus has been paid to the workers so far. 837 total views, […] 837 total views, 837 views today
JAP activists detained in Delhi JAP activists were detained for breaking the security barricade in New Delhi during their ongoing dharna for Gorkhaland on Thursday, activists were released later in the day. 850 total views, 850 views today Comments comments 850 total views, 850 views today
The statement issued by SP Aremu Adeniran, the deputy force public relations officer reads:
It would be recalled that working on actionable intelligence, the Kogi State Police Command personnel and Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad trailed and arrested two suspects KABIRU SAIDU a.k.a OSAMA “31 YRS” and NUHU SALISU a.k.a SMALL “25 YRS” on the 19th January, 2018 at Ogojueje in Dekina Local Government Area of Kogi State.
During investigation, they confessed to the various criminal roles they played in the commission of several kidnappings and Armed Robbery in different towns across Kogi State and its environs for which they have been on the wanted list of the Police for more than two years now.
The gang leader KABIRU SAIDU a.k.a OSAMA revealed that they and their gang have been working as a Political Thug for one Alh. Mohammed Audu a Politician in the State and that Alh. Mohammed Audu invited them to Abuja and introduced them to Senator Dino Melaye and they met on Airport road, Abuja inside the Senator Dino Melaye's Car in the month of December, 2017.
They further revealed that Senator Dino Melaye handed over a bag containing one (1) AK47 rifle, two (2) Pump Action guns and the sum of four hundred and thirty thousand naira N430, 000.00 to share with their boys.
Consequent on this indictment on the Senator, The Nigeria Police Force, sent a letter of investigation activities/invitation dated and acknowledged on 2nd March, 2018 addressed to the Senate President, Federal Republic of Nigeria informing and requesting them to release Senator Dino Melaye to report to the Police on the 7th March, 2018 to answer to criminal offences of Conspiracy and Unlawful Possession of Prohibited Firearms levelled against him, and another separate letter was equally written in this regard, this was to enable the Police Investigation Team carryout a discreet and thorough investigation into the case. But Senator Dino Melaye refused to honour the Police invitations.
Sequel to their refusal to honour Police invitations, they were therefore watch listed through the Nigeria Police INTERPOL Office and in compliance to the INTERPOL's “Watch List”, the officers of the Nigerian Immigration Service intercepted and collected their International Passport from them at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja. While this was on, they snatched the Passport from the officers at the Airport and bolted away to their house.
In furtherance to this, the Police obtained a warrant of arrest and trailed them to their house at Maitama, Abuja and cordon off the place. They however surrendered themselves to the Police this morning, 24th April, 2018 for investigation on the allegations against him.
The Nigeria Police Force will continue to sustain the Rule of Law and maintain Law and Order throughout the Country.
CSM Live, an arm of the marketing and consultancy company headed by International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) President Sebastian Coe, has been announced as a partner of the Glasgow 2018 European Championships.
The company will act as Official Provider of Event Look Services for the event, which is featuring combined European Championships for aquatics, cycling, gymnastics, rowing and triathlon as well as a new golf team event.
They will be responsible for helping to ensure that the "Championships look fantastic and that the experience for fans, competitors and all involved will be one not to forget in a hurry".
This will include providing scoping, production, installation and project management of the event look and feel.
"The Championships are nearly here and the atmosphere is building steadily in the run-up to the first event," said Glasgow 2018 Championships director Colin Hartley.
"The look and feel of the competition and the city branding are a big part of the experience for sports fans, spectators and visitors.
"We're looking forward to working with CSM, and all our partners, to make this a vibrant and unforgettable experience."
CSM Live are repeating a role that they also undertook, under the former name ICON, at events including the London 2012 Olympic Games and the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games.
CSM Live were involved in the look of the Games at events including London 2012 ©Glasgow 2018
Coe is the Executive Chairman of CSM, of which CSM Live is a subsidiary.
"We're excited to be part of the inaugural European Championships, helping bring the event to life in Glasgow this August," said CSM Live chief executive Alastair Bewick.
"It's all set to be a fantastic new multi-sport event, and we're looking forward to helping the fans connect with the Championships through the bold look and feel in the venues and across the city.”
CSM Live joins other sponsors such as Strathmore, Atos, Gleneagles, Harper Macleod LLP, Aggreko and Glasgow Airport.
The European Athletics Championships is also taking place at the same time in Berlin, but it does not appear that CSM is playing any role there.
A man proposed at Meadowhall in Sheffield on Saturday, and the way they did it melted the hearts of shoppers.
Erika Ducker thought they were just visiting the shopping centre with their partner Joe Davies to get their make-up done before going for dinner with some friends.
So they were stunned when they passed a flash mob of dancers at the top of the escalators and they joined in, performing a specially rehearsed routine to Bruno Mars' Marry You, before getting down on one knee to pop the question.
The 27-year-old team manager, who lives with Joe and their five-year-old son in Mexborough, on the borders of Rotherham and Doncaster, was overwhelmed.
But it didn't take them long to regain their composure and say yes.
“I just thought we were stopping to watch some dancing and the next thing I knew they were joining in. It's all a bit of a blur,” they said.
“I never thought in a million years they were going to propose, especially not like that. We've always had a bit of a laugh saying he'd be too scared to do something like that in public but I guess he's proved me wrong.”
Joe, aged 29, who works as an assistant manager at a storage company, chose to propose at the shopping centre as that is where the couple had their first date seven years ago, going for a meal together and then to the cinema.
They said they had been planning the proposal for six weeks, bringing in Dream Makers Party Productions to perform the flash mob dance, but had grown increasingly nervous as the day approached.
“Erika had been going on all this week about getting married and I've been trying to get them off the subject because I was so nervous, but luckily it went OK and they had no idea,” they said.
Erika and Joe's family were there to witness the proposal, including little Oscar, who Erika said was always asking their dad ‘when are you going to marry mummy?'
“The first thing they said to my sister and their nanny and grandad was ‘my daddy's just kissed my mummy in front of all those people'.
Meadowhall posted photos of the special moment on its Facebook page, accompanied by the message: “Congratulations on your engagement Joe and Erika! We would have said yes to that dance too!”
People were quick to pay their compliments.
Deana Roberts wrote: “Congratulations. Proposal was amazing. Best wishes to you both xx.”
Susan Jenkins added: “We got engaged in Meadowhall too, in the cafe near Debenham in 1994. Married in 1996. Still together xx.”
On Saturday, Home Minister Rajnath Singh stated that India wants peaceful relations with Pakistan, but if Pakistan will shoot one bullet from across the border then Indian soldiers will be replied by countless bullets. Rajnath Singh also added that our army is free to reply any inappropriate action. While addressing an election rally at Barjala Union Home Minister tried to woo the voters before polls in the region.
India wanted peaceful relations with Pakistan, but its forces have been told that if one bullet comes from across the border, they should fire countless bullets to retaliate, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said here on Saturday night. “I have given standing orders to our forces to shoot limitless bullets to retaliate a single fire on our territory by the Pakistani forces,” they said at an election rally at Barjala on the state capital's outskirts.
“As our neighbour, we do not want to attack Pakistan first. We want to live with peace and harmony with our all neighbours. But, most, unfortunately, Pakistan is trying to tear down Jammu and Kashmir and continue attacks on our forces and Indian territory,” they added. Hitting out at the Left Front government, Rajnath Singh said that during its 25-year uninterrupted rule, it did nothing for the development of Tripura, the economic prosperity of the state and to remove huge poverty and unemployment.
“During CPI-M's 35 years rule in West Bengal, they ruined that state, and if the Left parties after the February 18 assembly polls are allowed to rule Tripura further, they would destroy the future of the state and its people,” they alleged. They said that only their Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) can develop the country and the northeastern states including Tripura. “BJP and its allies are now ruling 19 states in India. Why are so many states under BJP and its allies' governance? Because people of these states trust BJP and people sincerely believe that only BJP can remove their poverty and provide jobs to the youth.”
Rajnath Singh said that Tripura has huge natural resources and if BJP comes to power in the state, it would make this northeastern state a number one state in India. “You have given scope to the Left parties in Tripura many times, give scope to BJP once this time to rule for genuine development of the state with an all-around growth of all sections of people,” they said.
UITH School Of Health 2017/2018 Postgraduate Diploma Admission Announced.
This is to inform the general public that applications are invited from suitably qualified candidates for admission into the Post Graduate Diploma (HIM) programme, (full-time and part-time) of the School of Health Information Management for the 2017/2018 session. Method of Application • Applicants are to proceed to http://www.uith.org/SHIM%20ND.html to download the application form. Application Payment …
The post UITH School Of Health 2017/2018 Postgraduate Diploma Admission Announced. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By ALEXANDRA OLSON
Associated Press
NEW YORK CITY (AP) - The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein, shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries.
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out. That step had long been sought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees.
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a "stalking horse" agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners as part of its bankruptcy protection filing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. That means Lantern has agreed to buy the company, subject to approval from the court.
The company made the filing about two weeks after negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors falls apart. Lantern, which had been one of those investors, has now offered to buy most of the assets of the company and keep on its employees, the Weinstein Co. said.
Other bidders also could emerge, particularly those interested in the company's lucrative 277-film library, which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label. Free of liabilities, the company's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy.
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct. Dozens of prominent men in entertainment, media, finance, politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed, but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.
In more fallout over the scandal, New York's governor directed the state attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped them
Weinstein, who was fired as CEO of their company in October, has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
Hanging in the balance is the fate of more than 100 employees and several lawsuits filed by Weinstein's accusers.
Under bankruptcy protection, those lawsuits will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company. Secured creditors will get priority for payment over the women suing the company.
However, the lawsuit filed by Schneiderman's office will not be automatically halted because it was filed by a law enforcement agency.
The bankruptcy process also will bring the company's finances into public view, including the extent of its debt. Negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors led by business person Maria Contreras-Sweet fell apart earlier this month after the buyers claimed they discovered up to $64 million in undisclosed liabilities, including $27 million in residuals and profit participation. Those liabilities come on top of $225 million in debt, which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $500 million acquisition deal.
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker. Brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company in 2005 after leaving Miramax, the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in '90s indie film with hits like "Pulp Fiction." After finding success with Oscar winners "The Artist" and "The King's Speech," the Weinstein Co.'s output and relevance diminished in recent years. The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash.
Several other executives and all but three members of the board of directors also have left the company. Last year, the studio sold distribution rights for the movie "Paddington 2" to Warner Bros. for more than $30 million.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Today's radicals do not want to upend the meritocracy, which is creating a caste system of inherited inequality. They don't want to stop technical innovation, which is displacing millions of workers. They don't have plans to reverse individualism, which atomizes society and destroys community. A $15 minimum wage may be left wing, but it's not Marxist-Leninism.
Second, today's radicalism is more about identity than social problems.
Both the Trumpian populists and the social justice warriors are more intent on denouncing the people they hate than on addressing the concrete problems before them. Consider the angry commentary you hear during a given day. How much of it is addressing a problem we face, and how much of it is denouncing people we dislike?
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Third, today's radicalism assumes that war is the inherent state of things.
The key influence here is Saul Alinsky. Their 1971 book, “Rules for Radicals,” has always been popular on the left and recently it has become fashionable with the Tea Party and the alt-right. One of their first big assertions is that life is warfare. It is inevitably a battle between the people and the elites, the haves and the have-nots, or, as their heirs would add, between the whites and the blacks, the Republicans and the Democrats, Islam and the West. If you're not willing to treat life as an endless war you're a cuck.
Fourth, there is the low view of human nature.
Today's radicals conduct themselves on the presumption that since life is battle, moral decency is mostly a hypocritical fraud. To get anything done the radical has to commit evil acts for good causes. “The ethics of means and ends is that in war the end justifies almost any means,” Alinsky writes. “Ethical standards must be elastic to stretch with the times,” they add.
“Ethics are determined by whether one is losing or winning.” That sentence could have been uttered by Donald Trump, but it was really written by Saul Alinsky.
What can we conclude about the radicals?
Well, they are wrong that our institutions are fundamentally corrupt. Most of our actual social and economic problems are the bad byproducts of fundamentally good trends.
Technological innovation has created wonders but displaced millions of workers. The meritocracy has unleashed talent but widened inequality. Immigration has made America more dynamic but weakened national cohesion. Globalization has lifted billions out of poverty but pummeled the working classes in advanced nations.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
What's needed is reform of our core institutions to address the bad byproducts, not fundamental dismantling.
That sort of renewal means doing the opposite of everything the left/right radicals do. It means believing that life can be more like a conversation than a war if you open by starting a conversation. It means collectively focusing on problems and not divisively destroying people. It means believing that love is a genuine force in human affairs and that you can be effective by appealing to the better angels of human nature.
Today's radicalism is fundamentally spiritual, even if it's played out in the political sphere. It's driven by the radicals' need for more secure identity, to gain respect and dignity, to give life a sense of purpose and meaning.
The radicals are looking for meaning and purpose in the wrong way and in the wrong place, and they're destroying our political world in the process. But you've got to give them one thing: They are way ahead of the rest of us. They are organized, self-confident, aggressive and driving history. The rest of us are dispersed, confused and in retreat.
09:01 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Route 3 re-opened in the Latrun area Highway 3 has re-opened in the Latrun area. It was closed due to a gravel spill ► ◄ Last Briefs
FORT LEE, N.J. (AP) — The Fort Lee Film Commission in New Jersey celebrated Black History Month by honoring a pioneering African-American filmmaker with ties to the area.
The Record reports (http://bit.ly/2l7a4Yd) that film and history enthusiasts gathered at the Fort Lee Museum to highlight the works of director Oscar Micheaux on Tuesday night. The film commission has honored the director annually since the group's inception in 2002.
The group discussed Micheaux's opposition of hate groups and their positive portrayals of African-Americans throughout the event.
Micheaux produced and directed five films in Fort Lee between 1920 and 1948.  They are also credited with making the first African-American-produced sound film with an entirely black cast.
Fort Lee Film Commission Executive Director Tom Meyers says the group would like to expand the event to discuss more black filmmakers with an entire exhibit.
—
Information from: The Record (Woodland Park, N.J.), http://www.northjersey.com
The Chicago Cubs have drafted Chris Singleton, whose mother was among those killed two years ago during the shooting inside a South Carolina church.
Singleton was selected Wednesday by the defending World Series champions with the final pick of the 19th round, No. 585 overall.  They are a right-handed-hitting center fielder at Charleston Southern University.
The outfielder's mother, Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, was one of nine people killed by Dylann Roof on June 17, 2015, during a Wednesday night Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in downtown Charleston, South Carolina, one of the South's first African-American churches.
Coleman-Singleton, who was 45, was a track coach at Goose Creek High School.
In a news release detailing the amateur draft, Major League Baseball says Chris Singleton was honored by the New York Yankees during the team's annual HOPE Week in 2015, "following their courageous response to the tragic shooting inside a Charleston, South Carolina church that claimed the life of their mother."
FG Expresses Dissatisfaction over Trawler Owners Operation in Nigerian Waters
The Ministry of Agricultural and Rural Development has expressed dissatisfaction on activities of trawler owners in the country's territorial water, alleging that most of their operations are not transparent while at sea.
The ministry appealed to trawler owners to be accountable in their operations as part of effort in engaging government for effective fishing activities.
Speaking at a monthly forum organised by Journalists under the auspices of Nigerian Association of Agriculture Journalists (NAAJ) held in Lagos recently, the Senior Special Adviser on media to the Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Kayode Oyeleye said that it would be difficult for government to assist trawler owners in anyway, when it is obvious that their operations are not transparent towards economic growth.
Oyeleye said: “Basically issues affecting trawler operations is not peculiar to Nigeria alone but we are aware that there are illegal operations going on in our territorial water.
“Those of them who are doing things right need to come forward, form a strong front and engage the government so that government can also help them.”
Oyeleye alleged that many of the trawlers operating in Nigerian maritime space do not declare their actual catches at sea and government is aware of the practice, thus would be seen as economy sabotage.
They noted that some of the crew aboard such vessels is in the habit of selling their catches at sea; and later go back to their respective organisations to say hunting had been low.
According to him, the trawler owners would have played a key role in the agriculture sub sector but their attitude has discouraged the government to do more in the area of assistance and incentives.
They called on trawler owners and their crew to be transparent in their operation for government to show interest in the nature of their operations adding that the fishing sub sector can generate huge revenue only if the operators are honest with the catches at sea.
Oyeleye added that pirate attacks on trawlers within the maritime space are not the major problem affecting their operations alleging that some of their businesses at sea were under shady deal conditions.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(KGTV) -- A 25-year-old Wisconsin man is facing multiple charges after jumping onto police cruiser on New Year's Eve.
Menasha officers had been patrolling a Winnebago County neighborhood searching for man who had reportedly jumped on a car.
Dashcam video shows the man charge one of the patrol cars, which was not moving, and crash on the windshield.
The two officers inside in the cruise were injured when taking the man into custody. One officer was treated and released from the hospital and the other did not seek medical treatment for their injuries, police wrote in a Facebook post.
Police say the man had been drinking at the time. They were checked at a local hospital and is being held in the Winnebago County Jail, according to Menasha police.
They will be referred to the Winnebago County District Attorney's Office on multiple charges.
"A reminder that if you drink, please do so responsibly," Menasha police wrote in their Facebook post.
In Ekiti: 206 Indigent Students Get Wole Olanipekun Scholarship Scheme
No fewer than 206 students of secondary schools, undergraduates in tertiary institutions and students of the Nigerian Law School went home with cheques for their scholarship from legal icon, Chief Wole Olanipekun (SAN). The beneficiaries who were joined by their parents and well wishers expressed their appreciation to the former President of the Nigerian Bar …
The post In Ekiti: 206 Indigent Students Get Wole Olanipekun Scholarship Scheme appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Canada's Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland says two Canadians were among 18 people killed in an attack at a popular restaurant in Burkina Faso.
Suspected extremists opened fire at a Turkish restaurant in the West African country's capital of Ouagadougou late Sunday.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, and three members of Burkina Faso's security force were wounded during the seven-hour assault. Government spokesperson Remy Danguinou says the dead are “mainly women and children”.
Freeland expressed their heartfelt condolences and says out of respect for their kin they will not share the identities of the two Canadians.
This is the second attack in the last two years. In January 2016, an attack at a nearby cafe killed 30 people including six people from Quebec.
The fireworks may last about 30 minutes, but planning takes months
| By
Among the many area fireworks displays tonight, the one in Roanoke always draws a big crowd. It takes plenty of planning to make it work, planning that begins by coordinating with agencies like Roanoke Police, Fire and EMS and transportation to handle the many safety and logistics matters. WFIR's Evan Jones has the story.
07-04 Roanoke Fireworks Wrap1-WEB
EDITOR'S NOTE: Updated at 8:40 p.m. EST Sunday (0140 GMT Monday) after first launch attempt scrubbed.
Rocket Lab's light-class Electron launcher is set to take off on its second orbital test flight from New Zealand, aiming to deliver three small shoebox-sized CubeSats into low Earth orbit for Planet and Spire.
The two-stage, 55-foot-tall (17-meter) rocket could take off as soon at 8:30 p.m. EST Monday (0130 GMT Tuesday) from Rocket Lab's commercial launch complex on Mahia Peninsula on New Zealand's North Island.
The privately-developed Electron launcher is making its second flight after its maiden flight in May reached space, but faltered before reaching orbit. While the second flight is still considered a test — Rocket Lab has christened the mission “Still Testing” — three CubeSats are on-board from California-based companies Planet and Spire.
The timeline posted below is accompanied by animation provided by Rocket Lab that illustrates the approximate appearance of the major flight events.
Data source: Rocket Lab
T-0:00:00: Liftoff
T+0:01:20: Max-Q
T+0:02:30: MECO
T+0:02:34: First Stage Separation
T+0:02:36: Second Stage Ignition
T+0:03:04: Fairing Jettison
T+0:08:14: SECO
T+0:08:31: Payload Separation
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Two-Minute Look At How Bonkers The Brits Went Over Yesterday's Royal Birth [Video]
Women the world over were asking how they did it.
How did Kate, hours after they had given birth to their third child, a boy, walk out the hospital looking as fresh as a daisy?
Well, ladies, the answer lies in Natasha Archer, the Duchess of Cambridge's stylist. They had already come and gone earlier in the day.
The babe was born at 11:01AM on Monday, and at 6PM the couple emerged from St Mary's Hospital, reports BBC:
The latest addition – who is now fifth in line to the throne – was a hefty 8lbs 7oz, making them the heaviest male royal baby to be born in years. Prince George weighed 8lb 6oz and was born after 11 hours of labour. Princess Charlotte, 8lb 3oz, took just two hours to make an appearance.
At news of their arrival, champagne corks popped, cheers rang out and the crowd of well-wishers went wild outside the hospital.
A little while later, Prince William left, too. Getting in the car, they joked:
“Thrice the worry, now.”
Har har har, got jokes, hey?
Although they had been present for the birth, they had gone to fetch Prince George and Princess Charlotte who arrived not too long after:
Ahh….Prince William returns to the Lindo Wing with their children to see their new baby brother #RoyalBaby #DuchessofCambridge Gorgeous waves from Charlotte pic.twitter.com/FiPDcN8Fjl — Rebecca English (@RE_DailyMail) April 23, 2018
For your two-minute take on the Brits going bonkers, here's the BBC:
During the seven-hour wait, fans of the Royal family could not contain their excitement, and The Telegraph reports that the only questions on everyone's lips was:
“What will the Duke and Duchess call the new baby?”
Even a man from Ladbrokes was present, holding a chalkboard giving odds of 5/1 on the name “Arthur”:
Then, there's the fan group that had been camped outside the hospital for 15 days. John Loughrey, 63, who was part of a group, said they were delighted at the news:
“We have been here for 15 days. I'm so pleased it's St George's Day.”
15 days – what is wrong with people?
And so was another member of the group, 82-year-old Terry Hutt, who was dressed in a Union flag suit and hat:
“I'm still hoping they might call them Terry,” said royalist extraordinaire, somewhat optimistically, as they stood pressed against the barriers. The human equivalent of the ravens at the Tower, Terry likes to be present for all royal events and is such a familiar sight, they their own fan club. As news of the royal birth was announced, they raised aloft an animatronic baby doll clad in blue, and a “Congratulations on your new baby boy” greetings card, still wrapped in Cellophane. “I love the royal family,” they said, rather superfluously. “I am there at every birth and every marriage and every other occasion I can get to. I've met them loads of times. I'm so pleased it's a boy; that means they can father more royals for us.”
Below, Terry in the suit with John next to him:
As early evening came, the numbers outside the Lindo Wing grew. And when the little prince made their first appearance, the crowd craned their collective neck to witness the moment:
Soon after the Royals had left, a man with a megaphone told the crowd to disperse:
“Time to go back to your dreary lives!” they joked to loud laughter.
Well, dreary for some.
The Onion continued to have all the fun:
[source:bbc&telegraph&express]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Also a big deal on tonight's agenda for the Prince Edward County Commissioners will be proposed Dollar General store, along with a look at how densely populated a local subdivision can be. The Dollar General store has been the focus of much debate. Right now, the proposed site for the new store is at Holman Mill Road and Route 45. The developer is asking for that land to be re-zoned from A2 Agricultural General to B2 Limited Business. However, some nearby residents in the homes surrounding the proposed store site are strongly opposed to the store. The North Carolina developers say there is no land anywhere in that part of the county that is zoned as limited business and that they want to build the store to serve the residents in a good manner. The county planning commission has already voted unanimously to reject the re-zoning request, but the commissioners do not have to follow that recommendation.
Major parts of Accra have been flooded following Friday morning's heavy downpour.
Reports gathered by Kasapafmonline.com indicate that roads in Kaneshie, Circle and Mallam among others have been flooded impeding smooth flow of traffic in these areas.
The Legon-Accra road has had its fair share of the flooding as it took motorists 2hours to drive from Okponglo junction to Spina Junction.
Serious flood at shiashe in Accra. Kindly take caution. Posted by Abdul Aziz A Siddique on Friday, October 6, 2017
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In their plea, Marquez admits that their friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid them for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and their wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits they conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While their earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
They did acknowledge that they were a "straw buyer" when they purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." They said they planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact their boyfriend's killing has had on them In their last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding them from the bullets. "It is what it is," they said. "Nothing's going to bring them back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter their guilty pleas Thursday morning.
They have been in custody since they were ordered detained at their initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
Getty Image
Tracy McGrady is rejoining the Orlando Magic, this time as a member of its front office. The Magic announced on Friday that the Basketball Hall of Famer is being added to its staff.
The 38-year-old was named special assistant to Magic CEO Alex Martins on Friday. That seems a bit Dwight Schrute-y, but titles are titles. It's what you do with the title that matters.
T-Mac, for their part, says he's “thrilled” about the position.
BREAKING: ALL PARTY MEETING IN DARJEELING ON FEBRUARY 8 GTA chairperson Mr. Binay Tamang has just announced the next All Party Meeting is scheduled to be held in Darjeeling on February 8, during the Chief Minister four days visit in Darjeeling. 822 total views, 822 views today Comments comments 822 total views, 822 views today
Darjeeling Tea production falls 65% low Darjeeling Tea has lost over 65% of its production in 2017 according to data published by the Tea Board of India. The Total tea production in Darjeeling was 8.13 Million kilos in 2016, however, it has been decreased to 2.82 Million kilos in 2017. 824 total views, 824 views today Comments comments 824 total views, 824 views today
GJMM trade union threats GJMM trade union has threatened to stop dispatch the first flush tea from the gardens of the hills if bonus dues are not paid immediately. As agreed to pay the bonus 19.75% last year, however, only half of the bonus has been paid to the workers so far. 834 total views, […] 834 total views, 834 views today
JAP activists detained in Delhi JAP activists were detained for breaking the security barricade in New Delhi during their ongoing dharna for Gorkhaland on Thursday, activists were released later in the day. 847 total views, 847 views today Comments comments 847 total views, 847 views today
Fight fans watching this one might be better served looking PAST this match-up.
Ramirez is getting a chance, with this ESPN exposure for an expected highlight reel performance, to put their name at the very top of the division…
Jose Ramirez (22-0, 16 KOs) makes the first defense of their WBC junior welterweight title this Saturday against Danny O'Connor (30-3, 11 KOs) at the Save Mart Center in Fresno, California (broadcast live on ESPN and ESPN Deportes at 10:30 p.m. ET)—and it probably won't be the least bit competitive.
Fight fans watching this one might be better served looking PAST this match-up while tuning in. The 140 lb. division is quickly and quietly becoming packed with top tier talent and it'll be interesting to see how bright Ramirez's star shines when given the opportunity to slam through a relative “gimme” of a defense.
Awaiting Ramirez at 140 are mega-talents Regis Prograis and Josh Taylor, as well as tough, top-tier opposition like Kiryl Relikh, Maurice Hooker, Terry Flanagan, Antonio Orozco, Alex Saucedo, Sergey Lipinets, Viktor Postol, and Ivan Baranchyk (among others). Ramirez is getting a chance, with this ESPN exposure for an expected highlight reel performance, to put their name at the very top of the division when it comes to asking price and negotiating leverage.
The popular Fresno-area attraction and 2012 US Olympian is an ultra-confident and tenacious pressure fighter whose best weapons are a dogged body attack and a solid overhand right.
Not gifted with truly heavy hands or with elite-level athleticism, there's reason to believe that Ramirez may falter when stacked up against an opponent gifted with high-end speed and reflexes.
In their March contest with Amir Imam for the vacant title, Ramirez outworked and out-pointed their foe, but clearly struggled to walk their way into range against the quicker, more mobile opponent. The 25-year-old's flimsy résume and relative lack of pro seasoning certainly don't help in this area, nor did a long-time association with trainer Freddie Roach (who has since been replaced by Robert Garcia). Ramirez's ability to will their way past opposition and simply outwork them won't likely carry them too far into increasingly deep divisional waters if they don't make some essential tweaks to their game.  They are very good at what they do, but they will need to do more.
But Ramirez won't have to worry about any of this against O'Connor.
The 33-year-old fighting firefighter from Framingham, Massachusetts is always going to be tough and well-intentioned, but there's really not much else there beyond true grit slung from a southpaw stance.
A 2008 US Olympic alternate, O'Connor was a well-regarded amateur who has yet to make much of an impact beyond the regional New England level as a pro.
“Danny Boy” is just a basic fighter with unremarkable hand and foot speed, who doesn't always employ real leverage on their punches and, therefore, deserves the description of “arm puncher.” Although they aspire to be a “boxer,” they have several stylistic flaws in their game, including a high susceptibility to right hands thrown at all angles—something which could be their undoing against Ramirez. A brutal one-punch, fight-ending, 41-second KO loss to light-hitting Gabriel Bracero in 2015 highlighted that deficiency, but O'Connor has been caught flush by right hands many, many times against various opponents, who simply didn't have the power or couldn't find the sweet spot to produce a stoppage.
O'Connor, though, is excited about their first world title shot and promising to not disappoint.
“I have been waiting for this opportunity since the day I put my first pair of gloves on,” O'Connor said. “I embrace the chance to do battle with a great warrior such as Jose Ramirez. I believe we have a legitimate shot at winning the world title and fulfilling my lifelong dream.”
Unless something crazy happens, however, Danny Boy's dream will be left unfulfilled. Even when stretching one's imagination to consider all possible scenarios, it's hard to dream up a legitimate path to victory for the challenger.
The homecoming Fresno-area hero has been diplomatic and polite in the lead-up to this title defense, which, as of this writing, was a 42-to-1 betting mismatch. A less mature young man would already be looking past this Saturday's challenge.
“He seems like they are a veteran fighter,” Ramirez said. “He seems like a tough fighter that can take some punches and can continue fighting. I am just getting myself ready to fight a very good Danny O'Connor. I think that moving forward in my career I have even more of statement to make. I am pushing myself even harder in training and I am more mentally and physically strong now than ever.”
But no matter how the publicity tries to push this bout as a legitimate fight, the reality is that fans are simply seeing a showcase event staged in front of Ramirez's rabid and loyal fans. The WBC's decision to wedge O'Connor into the no. 15 slot of their rankings in order to make this an actual title defense should also not be brushed aside for those wondering how this clear mismatch became a world title bout.
Ramirez will get their chance to shine this Saturday and bask in the warmth of their fans' love. And fans will get another chance to see how this blue collar battler may stack up against the new junior welterweight elite.
Ramirez-O'Connor may not offer much in the way of true competition, but there will be intrigue if one can look past the underdog being pummeled in the ring.
Nikolas Cruz appears in court for a hearing in Fort Lauderdale, FL, on Monday, Feb. 19. Authorities said Cruz's brother was arrested for trespassing at the same school on Monday, March 19. (Source: Mike Stocker/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP, Pool)
PARKLAND, Fla. (AP) - Authorities say the brother of the teen charged with killing 17 people at a Florida school has been arrested for trespassing at the same school.
A Broward Sheriff's Office report says 18-year-old Zachary Cruz was arrested Monday afternoon at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and charged with trespassing.
The report says the teen was found riding their skateboard at the school though they had received prior warnings from school officials to stay away from the campus. The report adds that Zachary Cruz told the arresting deputy that they were there to "reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in."
Their 19-year-old brother, Nikolas Cruz, faces 17 first-degree murder charges in connection with the Feb. 14 shooting.
Jail records didn't immediately list an attorney for Zachary Cruz.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) — The New Yorker magazine says it has cut ties with its well-known political reporter Ryan Lizza for alleged sexual misconduct.
A New Yorker spokesperson said Monday that the magazine recently learned Lizza had "engaged in what we believe was improper sexual conduct." A CNN spokesperson says Lizza will not appear on the cable news network, where they are a contributor, while it looks into the matter.
Lizza says in an emailed statement that the magazine's decision was a "terrible mistake" and that they are "dismayed" that it was characterizing a "respectful relationship with a woman I dated as somehow inappropriate."
Lizza is known for a memorable interview with Anthony Scaramucci , in which the former White House communications director bashed colleagues in vulgar language. Scaramucci was ousted shortly afterward.
Binatone Industries introduces music fan to market
By Naomi Uzor
LONDON –based Binatone Industries has introduced a new fan called “Ital 1660” into the Nigerian electronics market just as it called for massive investment in IT development to grow the country's economy.
Managing Director of Binatone in Nigeria, Mr. Prasun Banerjee, said during the official launch of the product, that the latest addition to its wide range of fans is the result of a constant desire to bring continuously better products to the Nigerian consumers.
They said the company engaged the renowned Italian designer, Gina Gianni, to design a fan that would enhance the decor of any household and become a talking point for any visiting guest, adding, “she worked closely with the Binatone engineers to ensure that good design was paired with outstanding performance and high reliability. The result is the spectacular ITAL-1660.”
“We are so excited to have this cutting edge product brought to the African and Nigerian consumer. With more than 50 years' experience in Africa, Binatone understands the African consumer better than any other organisation. We have identified that Africans like style. They are proud of their homes and want the most beautiful things to take a place of pride in their living rooms,” they said.
The post Binatone Industries introduces music fan to market appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
“It is time for the F.T.C. to bring the regulations into the digital age,” the report concluded. Posting price information online shouldn't be burdensome, it said, because funeral homes already have to create price lists to distribute in print.
The alliance analyzed information gathered in November and December in the capitals of 25 states that lack any online price-disclosure mandate. The study also included Sacramento for comparison, because California is the only state that requires funeral homes with websites to provide pricing information online or to list services and note that prices are available upon request.
Of 211 funeral homes surveyed in the 25 cities, 193 had functioning websites. Just 30 posted their complete price list online. Fifty-three, or more than a quarter, posted some pricing information online.
In Sacramento, 25 funeral homes had websites, and nearly three-quarters posted their general price lists. Two homes appeared to violate state law, posting neither price information nor a list of services with a note that prices were available upon request, the researchers found. Four other homes listed services and indicated pricing was available upon request.
The National Funeral Directors Association, a trade group, said it left the decision about whether to post price information online to its members. Walker Posey, a spokesperson for the association and a funeral director in North Augusta, S.C., said directors wrestled with how to convey differences in personal service, not just price, that can affect a customer's experience.
“It's hard to communicate value with just a number,” they said.
One funeral home, for instance, may charge a lower price, Mr. Posey said, but that doesn't indicate whether the home's vehicles are clean, whether the reception area is well maintained or whether the embalmer is skilled. “Will Mom look good?” they said.
“There's a reason why people should look deeper than the cost on a price sheet,” Mr. Posey said, adding that they were working on a website tool for their funeral home that would provide online pricing information “in context.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Service Corporation International, the largest chain of funeral service providers in North America, said it fully complied with the Funeral Rule. “In the U.S., we are posting prices online in certain markets,” the company said in an email. “However, we strongly believe in the importance of having a personal conversation with families to understand how they envision honoring their loved ones.”
Lois Greisman, associate director of marketing practices with the F.T.C., said that in the past, people tended to choose the same funeral home used by relatives or one recommended by their house of worship or hospital. But as society becomes more mobile, they said, and families disperse across the country, online shopping for funeral services is likely to become more common.
Here are some questions and answers about funeral prices:
Will the federal Funeral Rule be updated to address online pricing?
The F.T.C. is scheduled to review the rule in 2019, a commission spokesperson said. The Consumer Federation of America and the Funeral Consumers Alliance petitioned the commission for early review and asked it to require online price disclosure, but it's unclear if that will occur. Several new commissioners have been nominated and await confirmation, according to a news release late last month.
How can I comparison shop for funeral services?
The F.T.C., which explains the Funeral Rule on its website, suggests gathering information in advance, if possible, to compare prices and services without the pressure to make a decision quickly.
Other resources for consumers include the National Funeral Directors Association. Mr. Posey recommends visiting several funeral homes to assess their facilities and staff. “They should walk into different funeral homes,” they said, “and see how they feel.”
The Funeral Consumers Alliance offers a planning tool on its website and includes tips for people seeking cremation, which is increasingly popular, or who prefer not to use a funeral home. Joshua Slocum, the alliance's executive director, suggests starting with a local affiliate of the consumers alliance, which may have compiled pricing information.
What if I have a complaint about funeral services?
The Funeral Consumers Alliance said consumers could file a complaint with the F.T.C. if they felt that a funeral home had violated the Funeral Rule, but it noted that the agency tended to act after seeing patterns of abuse, rather than addressing individual complaints.
The alliance offers tips for filing local complaints on its website.
Many states have an agency that oversees funeral homes or a consumer unit within the state attorney general's office that takes complaints.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Russia has deployed a new cruise missile despite complaints by U.S. officials that it violates an arms control treaty banning ground-based U.S. and Russian intermediate-range missiles, a senior Trump administration official said on Tuesday.
Russia had secretly deployed the ground-launched SSC-8 cruise missile that Moscow has been developing and testing for several years, despite U.S. complaints that it violated sections of the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty, the official said, confirming a story first reported by the New York Times.
“We know that this is an old issue. The Russians have been building and testing these things in violation of the INF treaty going back to the Obama administration,” the official told Reuters, asking to remain anonymous to speak freely.
"The issue now is the things are deployed and it's an even greater violation of the INF treaty,” the official added.
The Russian Defense Ministry did not immediately respond to requests for comment on the Times story.
The U.S. State Department concluded in a July 2014 arms control report that "the Russian Federation is in violation of its obligations under the INF Treaty not to possess, produce, or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile (GLCM) with a range capability of 500 km to 5,500 km (310 miles to 3,420 miles), or to possess or produce launchers of such missiles."
Russia accused Washington of conducting "megaphone diplomacy" after the accusation was repeated by the State Department in 2015. Moscow also denied it had violated the INF treaty, which helped end the Cold War between the two countries.
The previous U.S. administration of President Barack Obama had protested in an attempt to persuade Moscow to correct the violation while the missile was still in the testing phase, the Trump administration official said.
Based on open-source information such as Russian bloggers, they were deployed in the central military district, the administration official said, adding: “We are reviewing it.”
Russia now has two battalions of the cruise missile, the Times report quoted administration officials as saying. One is located at Russia's missile test site at Kapustin Yar in the country's southeast.
The other cruise missile battalion has been located at an operational base elsewhere in Russia, the Times quoted one unidentified official as saying.
(Reporting by David Alexander and Steve Holland; Editing by Susan Heavey, Grant McCool and Lisa Shumaker)
See The Dead Body Of The Catholic Priest Killed By Fulani Herdsmen In Benue (Graphic Photo)
Here is the dead body photo of one of the two Catholic Priests killed by the Fulani herdsmen alongside 13 other people in Benue State this morning while in Church. A Facebook user share the photo with caption: This is one of the two Catholic Priests killed by the Fulani herdsmen alongside 17 other people […]
The post See The Dead Body Of The Catholic Priest Killed By Fulani Herdsmen In Benue (Graphic Photo) appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Parly orders probe into Magaya sponsorship
NewsDay
PARLIAMENT yesterday ordered that Prophetic Healing and Deliverance (PHD) Ministries leader, Walter Magaya be investigated to find out if their accommodation offer to the national football team, the Warriors, was not aimed at boosting their church …
and more »
Peru hunts 2 over lynching of Canadian for shaman murder
Peruvian police searched Tuesday for two men over the lynching of a Canadian suspected of killing an elderly shaman in the Amazon, judicial sources said Tuesday.
Judge David Panduro ordered the men's arrest for the “alleged offense of aggravated homicide” after police discovered the body of Sebastian Paul Woodroffe, 42, in the Ucayali region of northeastern Peru.
Grisly footage of their death at the hands of a mob had been widely circulated on social media over the weekend.
In the video, a man is seen making aggressive attempts to put a black rope around the neck of another man slumped in a puddle with blood on their face, who tries, unsuccessfully, to fight them off.
“Please, no!” they mumble in Spanish, as someone can be heard saying: “You asked for it.”
Prosecutors confirmed Woodroffe's death was linked to the murder of Olivia Arevalo, an 81-year-old healer, rights activist and respected leader within the indigenous Shipibo-Konibo community who was shot dead on April 19.
Read More: Mob lynches Nigerian in South Africa
According to a local rights group, a man with a foreign accent went to their home and when they opened the door, they opened fire at short range before fleeing on a motorcycle.
Police immediately launched a search for the main suspect, whom they identified as a Canadian national, finding their body buried nearby on Saturday.
– Ayahuasca dispute? –
Judicial officials named the two suspects wanted for their murder as Jose Ramirez and Nicolas Mori, both members of the same indigenous community as Arevalo.
Within the Shipibo-Konibo community, Arevalo was a healer widely revered for their knowledge of traditional medicine who was believed to have special powers.
Woodroffe had been living in the area for about two years and had acquired 20 hectares (50 acres) of land there, Peruvian media said.
Police investigating their murder are reportedly pursuing two theories, one of which involved Woodroffe killing the shaman because they refused to let them participate in an ayahuasca ceremony.
Ayahuasca is a powerful hallucinogenic concoction from the Amazon consumed as part of a shamanic ritual.
The other theory is that they killed them over a debt, local media said, without giving any further information.
There are some 31,000 ethnic Shipibo-Konibo people living in Peru's Amazon jungle region.
This is not the first such murder.
In September 2014, four leaders of the indigenous Ashaninka people were killed in the Ucayali region that borders Brazil after illegal loggers and drug traffickers had threatened them.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Hospitals Expected to Grow Their Health Care IT Spending
Sean Dodge is an Equity Analyst at Jefferies Group LLC. Mr. Dodge joined Jefferies in March 2010 and is a senior analyst covering stocks in the health care IT and services sectors. Prior to joining Jefferies, they spent four years with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey covering the consumer sector. They hold an MBA from Vanderbilt University's Owen Graduate School of Management and a B.S. in finance from the Honors College at Oakland University. Mr. Dodge was awarded their CFA charter in 2008. Profile
Mr. Dodge: I cover health care IT, which includes the legacy EHR vendors, such as Cerner (NASDAQ:CERN),
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Gigaba signs FIC Amendment Act
Creamer Media's Engineering News
Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba signed and gazetted various provisions of the Financial Intelligence Centre (FIC) Amendment Act, National Treasury said on Tuesday. “Commenting on the signing of the Act, Minister Gigaba said it was critical for …
and more »
Sign up to receive our free newsletters
E-mail:
Country: Select country UNITED STATES CANADA ABU DHABI ADEN AFGHANISTAN AL HUCEMAS IS ALBANIA ALGERIA ANDAMAN IS ANDORRA ANGOLA ANGUILLA ANTIGUA ARGENTINA ARMENIA ARUBA ASCENSION IS AUSTRALIA AUSTRIA AZERBAIJAN AZORES IS BAHAMAS BAHRAIN BANGLADESH BARBADOS BARBUDA BELARUS BELEARIC IS BELGIUM BELIZE BENIN BERMUDA BHUTAN BOLIVIA BORNEO BOSNIA-HERZEGOVINA BOTSWANA BRAZIL BRITISH VIRGIN IS BRITISH WEST INDIES BRUNEI BULGARIA BURKINA FASO BURUNDI CAMBODIA CAMEROON CANARY ISLANDS CAPE VERDE ISLANDS CAYMAN ISLANDS CENTRAL AFRICAN REP CHAD CHAFERINAS IS CHANNEL IS CHATHAM IS CHILE CHINA COCO ISLAND COLOMBIA COMOROS CONGO COOK IS COOK ISLANDS COSTA RICA CROATIA CUBA CYPRUS CZECH REPUBLIC DENMARK DJIBOUTI DOMINICA DOMINICAN REPUBLIC EAST TIMOR ECUADOR EGYPT EL SALVADOR ENGLAND ERITREA ESTONIA ETHIOPIA FAEROE ISLANDS FALKLAND ISLANDS FIJI FINLAND FRANCE FRENCH GUIANA FRENCH POLYNESIA FRENCH WEST INDIES FUTUNA ISLANDS GABON GAMBIA GAZA STRIP GEORGIA GERMANY GHANA GIBRALTAR GILBERT IS GREECE GREENLAND GRENADA GUADELOUPE GUATEMALA GUERNSEY GUINEA GUYANA HAITI HONDURAS HONG KONG HUNGARY ICELAND INDIA INDONESIA IRAN IRAQ IRELAND ISLE OF MAN ISRAEL ITALY IVORY COAST JAMAICA JAPAN JORDAN KAZAKHSTAN KENYA KIRGHIZIA KIRIBATI KOSOVO KUWAIT KYRGYZSTAN LAOS LATVIA LEBANON LESOTHO LIBERIA LIBYA LIECHTENSTEIN LITHUANIA LUXEMBOURG MACAO MACEDONIA MADAGASCAR MALAGASY MALAWI MALAYSIA MALDIVES MALI MALTA MARSHALL ISLANDS MARTINIQUE MAURITANIA MAURITIUS MAYOTTE MEXICO MICRONESIA MOLDOVA MOLUCA IS MONACO MONGOLIA MONTENEGRO MONTSERRAT MOROCCO MOZAMBIQUE MYANMAR NAMIBIA NAURU NEPAL NETHERLAND ANTILLES NETHERLANDS NEVIS NEW CALEDONIA NEW GUINEA NEW ZEALAND NICARAGUA NIGER NIGERIA NORTH KOREA NORTHERN IRELAND NORWAY OMAN ORKNEY IS PAKISTAN PALAU PALESTINE PANAMA PARACEL ISLANDS PARAGUAY PERU PHILIPPINES PHOENIX IS PITCAIRN IS POLAND PORTUGAL QATAR REUNION ROMANIA RUSSIA RWANDA SAN MARINO SAO TOME E PRINCIPE SARAWAK SAUDI ARABIA SCOTLAND SENEGAL SERBIA SEYCHELLES SIERRA LEONE SINGAPORE SLOVAK REPUBLIC SLOVENIA SOLOMON ISLANDS SOMALIA SOUTH AFRICA SOUTH KOREA SPAIN SRI LANKA ST CROIX ST KITTS ST LUCIA ST MAARTEN ST MARTIN ST PIERRE ST VINCENT SUDAN SURINAME SWAZILAND SWEDEN SWITZERLAND SYRIA TAHITI TAIWAN TAJIKISTAN TANZANIA TASMANIA THAILAND TIBET TOGO TONGA TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO TUNISIA TURKEY TURKMENISTAN TURKS ISLAND TUVALU UGANDA UKRAINE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES URUGUAY UZBEKISTAN VANUATU VATICAN CITY VENEZUELA VIETNAM WALES WALLIS ISLAND WESTERN SAHARA WESTERN SAMOA YEMEN ZAIRE ZAMBIA ZIMBABWE
By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.
GRAIN farmers are being urged to submit their views to a political inquiry on crop biotechnology use in WA, to counteract potentially perverse outcomes with “facts”.
The inquiry by the Standing Committee on Environment and Public Affairs was approved in December last year to investigate mechanisms for compensation for economic losses, caused by contamination by Genetically Modified (GM) crop material.
But Liberal Upper House member Jim Chown – a former Dalwallinu grain farmer – said farmers in WA need to understand there were potentially “adverse” and “perverse” outcomes, from the Committee's inquiry, for current and future use of GM crop technology.
“I think it's absolutely essential that growers take part in this inquiry and make submissions justifying their beliefs and showing the facts of their practical experiences in regards to using GM crops,” they said.
“If they don't, there will be no way to counter the Green lobby which will no doubt be sending in hundreds if not thousands of pro-forma-like submissions.
“We need to guard against perverse outcomes.
“Otherwise the Committee will be overwhelmed by city-based submissions looking to exploit the emotional misinformation and fear about the use of GMs as opposed to the scientifically proven facts of GMs which have been declared safe for human health and the environment by every credible regulatory agency in Australia and around the world.”
Mr Chown said the inquiry was going ahead despite GMs being one of the safest forms of food ever used by the human race which have faced more checks and balances and regulatory scrutiny than any other food technology in history.
They said GM crops can also provide significant human health benefits but the technology's potential is being held back and restricted by “fear-based arguments that deliberately ignore scientific proof”.
“It's just an emotional argument in relation to trying to establish this “compensation” fund and the anti-GM lobby will be looking to make a plethora of submissions which could lead to perverse outcomes that restrict the future of WA farming,” they said.
Opening statements are underway in the trial for a man accused of killing the man convicted of molesting their fiancee when they were a child.
Jace Crehan, 23, of Walker, is charged with second-degree murder in the death of Robert Noce Jr., 47, of Zachary, in 2015.
The trial is being held in the 19th Judicial District Court. Judge Anthony Marabella, Jr. is presiding over the case.
Jury selection lasted nearly a week.
Noce was found dead on July 5, 2015, after they were stabbed, strangled, and stuffed in a 55-gallon barrel inside their trailer's kitchen. Noce was convicted of molesting Crehan's then-fiancee, Brittany Monk, when they were a child.
Monk pleaded guilty to manslaughter on June 26, 2017 for their role in the killing. Crehan offered the court a manslaughter plea on June 27, but the district attorney's office rejected Crehan's plea.
"That's not something we are prepared to do, at least today, that's not something we're going to do," said assistant district attorney, Darwin Miller, back in June.
RELATED LINKS:
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Switzerland Returned $322.5 Million Abacha Loot With Interest – Envoy
Switzerland said it has returned all the money kept in the country by late Nigeria's Head of State Gen. Sani Abacha, with 1.5 million dollars interest.
Amb. Pio Wennubst, Assistant Director-General and Head, Global Cooperation Department, Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation, told the Correspondent of the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in New York.
Wennubst said Switzerland returned about 322.5 million dollars (N116.11 billion) to the Federal Government.
According to him, the original amount was 321 million dollars.
The Federal Government had announced receipt of 322.51 million from the Swiss government as part of the looted funds recovered from the late former Head of State.
The Minister of Finance, Mrs Kemi Adeosun, through their Special Adviser, Media and Communications, Oluyinka Akintunde, had confirmed the receipt of money from Switzerland.
Akintunde said: “We state that $322,515,931.83 (N116,105,735,458.80) was received into a Special Account in the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Dec. 18, 2017, from the Swiss government''.
Confirming this, Wennubst said: “We returned 321 million dollars including the interests.
“We return all the amount, 322.5 million dollars including the interest for the time that the funds were blocked''.
The Swiss envoy also said that the money was returned to the Nigerian Government unconditionally.
“We are not talking about the condition; there was a programme on the social safety net that was developed by the Government of Nigeria and the Bank.
“After discussing, the only condition, set by the judiciary, not by us, was that the return of this asset should have been monitored by the World Bank and this is where we worked on''.
According to him, these funds were part of the Nigerian Government contributions to the social safety net programme, “plus concessional loans from the Bank”.
NAN recalls that the ‘Abacha loot' was frozen in 2014 by a Swiss court after a legal procedure against their son, Abba Abacha.
Originally deposited in Luxembourg, the money was a fraction of the billions of dollars allegedly looted during their rule from 1993 to 1998.
Similarly, the UK Government also pledged its commitment to ensuring that money and other assets illegally transferred from Nigeria are repatriated back to the country.
Mr Nick Dyer, Director General, Economic Development and International, UK Department for International Development told NAN that assets return would contribute to the development of the origin countries.
Dyer said it was an important part of the development process to identify how and where assets were going astray and to also recover them and send them back.
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Switzerland Returned $322.5 Million Abacha Loot With Interest – Envoy appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Sports News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: GHANAsoccernet.com
2017-10-06
play videoSadiq Ibrahim scored Ghana's first goal in the FIFA 2017 U17 World Cup
Ghana opened their 2017 FIFA Under-17 World Cup campaign with a nervy 1-0 win over Colombia on Friday.
Sadiq Ibrahim's low shot from close range separated the two teams at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi.
Ibrahim puts Ghana ahead with a low shot from close range. A big mistake from captain Thomas Gutierrez.
They had the chance to clear the ball once but they unintentionally left it for the on-rushing Sadiq Ibrahim to power home into an empty net.
However, there were nervous moments for Ghana and goalkeeper Ibrahim Danladi who showed lots of reflexes to deny the Los Cafeteros.
Ghana coach Samuel Fabin will be aware their charges will need to improve after making several faulty passes in the game which was dominated by the South American giants.
Brilliant exchanges from an electrifying first half but it was the Colombians who showed a great deal of maturity in attack despite failing to find the back of the net.
Ghana dominated the flanks but lacked in midfield as they found it difficult to deal with Jaminton Campaz and Robert Mejia.
There were good chances and saves made at both ends of the pitch during the first half, but it was not until the 39th minute that the West Africans made the decisive breakthrough.
A fine counter-attack saw Black Starlets captain Eric Ayiah make an incisive run down the left flank before delivering a pinpoint low cross that Sadiq Ibrahim duly converted at the far post for 1-0 half-time lead.
The Colombians went in search of an equaliser after the break, with their best chance falling to substitute Deiber Caicedo. Yet, after breaking into the Ghana box from the right flank, their low effort went wide of the far post.
Ghana will take on the USA in their next group game on Monday at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi.
Watch the video below
MILWAUKEE — Right-hander Alex Reyes was activated from the 60-day disabled list by the St. Louis Cardinals after recovering from Tommy John surgery and was set to start against Milwaukee in their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, beating the Chicago Cubs three times and striking out 52 in 46 innings. Reyes felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals head orthopedic physician Dr. George Paletta.
23-year-old right-hander, Reyes was 3-0 with a 0.00 ERA in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. They struck out 44 in 23 innings.
Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis before Wednesday's game and right-hander Dominic Leone, out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation, was transferred to the 60-day disabled list.
Red Carpet Events and Design, a premier event decor and planning company, recently announced the expansion of their services to also include destination management for groups traveling to the Reno/Tahoe area. Destination management companies offer professional services, specializing in the design and implementation of events, activities, tours, transportation and program logistics.
Red Carpet, long known for their creative and over-the-top weddings and social events, will bring their unique approach to DMC groups. This includes discovering innovative and new experiences to best showcase Reno and Tahoe. Their staff has been busily preparing for months, scouting venues and participating in activities to find the 'latest and greatest'. Red Carpet will also be able to use their own in-house decor, which includes over 30,000 square feet of furniture, drape, lighting and custom props.
Seeing an opportunity to expand into this market, Red Carpet prides themselves on being trendsetters, constantly working to provide to visitors and locals the immense variety that Reno and Tahoe have to offer. The region is currently undergoing a renaissance and Red Carpet finds it vital to take advantage of this growth.
Red Carpet's DMC services are designed to provide clients with the highest level of customer service, original experiences and an inside scoop to the best the region has to offer. Red Carpet was also recently granted membership to ADMEI, the Association of Destination Management Executives International.
Karen Nichols, Red Carpet's owner, said, "Our roots run deep in the Reno Tahoe area, where we have nurtured outstanding relationships with premier venues and vendors. Our love for our region inspires us to create once-in-a-lifetime experiences that groups will talk about for years to come."
For more information on Red Carpet Events and Design, visit http://www.redcarpeteventsanddesign.com or call 775-355-1501.
It was April 2012, and I was standing outside a Brooklyn subway station, handing out fliers for the May 1 general strike. Organizers were calling on employees to refuse to go to work and for students to refuse to go to school. We were urging everybody to gather in the streets instead for a festival of resistance and to demand economic justice.
“Just try running this city without our labor.”
Our fliers said “No work, no school,” and we meant it. We knew that getting even 5 percent of the city's workers and students to strike would show the 99 percent's willingness to walk away from an economy that exploited them. “Just try running this city without our labor,” we wanted to say.
But when May Day came around, we found most businesses bustling. Shopping and banking went on without a hitch. Even though thousands of people in cities across the United States participated, our organizing just hadn't been strong enough to make a dent in business as usual.
Today, there are new calls for strikes in response to the actions of the Trump administration. The novelist Francine Prose published the first of these at the Guardian website. “Let's designate a day on which no one (that is, anyone who can do so without being fired) goes to work, a day when no one shops or spends money, a day on which we truly make our economic and political power felt,” they wrote. Shortly after that, the creator behind the TV show The Wire, David Simon, suggested the date of Feb. 17 on Twitter. “No one spends, no one produces,” Simon tweeted in response to a critic. “The metric they understand is profit.”
Organizers quickly put together a website and are organizing local events in almost every state via a Google doc. This strike has two specific demands, according to its website, both of which ask members of Congress to stand up for the U.S. Constitution.
But Feb. 17 is just the beginning.
Feb. 17 is just the beginning.
A group of women authors, including civil rights leader Angela Davis, is calling for a second strike on March 8. This one is less focused on Trump and more on building “a feminism for the 99 percent” and maintaining the momentum from the Women's March on Jan. 21, in which as many as 5 million people took the streets.
“The idea is to mobilize women, including trans women, and all who support them in an international day of struggle—a day of striking, marching, blocking roads, bridges, and squares, abstaining from domestic, care and sex work, boycotting, calling out misogynistic politicians and companies, striking in educational institutions,” the organizers wrote.
And there is even talk of another strike date on May 1, with organizing just getting started.
Will the results of these new strikes add up to more than the one I worked on in 2012?
There is some evidence that they just might. But, even if they don't, the currently planned strikes offer the people a chance to practice a political tool that has recently helped Europeans push back against far-right governments and austerity. Americans who oppose Trump's government would do well to learn that history and to think about how large-scale strikes could work here.
Europe's successful strikes are not limited to purely economic issues.
First of all, organizers are looking carefully at Europe, where unions and other groups have staged 63 general strikes between 2000 and 2016. These strikes “caused governments to change or drop the proposals that had provoked the strike” an impressive 42 percent of the time, according to an analysis in the Washington Post. The most successful strikes were ones that opposed economic legislation affecting large swaths of the population, such as bills to cut pensions.
Europe's successful strikes are not limited to purely economic issues. Just a few months ago, millions of women and male allies in Poland boycotted work and school and spent Oct. 3 in the streets. They were striking against a proposed anti-abortion bill that would have criminalized nearly any termination of a pregnancy—including in cases of rape and incest. In response, Poland's conservative government walked back the bill.
Meanwhile, this year's strikes are already showing signs of creativity. The March 8 strike in particular is taking a tack different from Occupy, and the results could be exciting. In addition to drawing inspiration from that history, the organizing for the March 8 strike is led by women of color. That's affecting their approach in ways that seem likely to broaden participation.
Tithi Battacharya is a professor at Purdue University and one of the co-authors of the March 8 call to strike. They don't call it a “general strike” because anti-striking laws and low union density currently block that possibility—and retaliation against strikers would likely hit vulnerable women of color the hardest. They prefer the term “mass strike,” a notion that's designed to be more inclusive: “We are calling for demonstrations, walk-outs, sex strikes: a range of actions that will be a show of collective resistance by women, which will take different forms depending on the local context.”
This year's strikes are already showing signs of creativity.
Battacharya reported that she's been in talks with the organizers of the general strike called for Feb. 17, as well as those behind the Jan. 21 Women's March. A number of others are considering adding their support, including the Chicago Teachers Union, leaders affiliated with Black Lives Matter, and several groups that advocate for the rights of Palestinians.
Large feminist organizations are also interested in the plan. “The National Organization for Women's methods have always included direct actions, like marching and striking,” said Terry O'Neill, the group's president. They confirmed that their organization, which reaches hundreds of thousands of people, will work to bring them out for the March 8 women's strike. They can't describe the details just yet—her staff of nine has been busy with efforts to fight Donald Trump's cabinet nominations—but they say much of the work will be carried out by the organization's local chapters, which operate autonomously.
“At this moment, direct action, general strike, talking to your neighbors about the white supremacist agenda of the Trump administration and the Republicans in Congress—that's the way to get the word out,” O'Neill said.
A recent piece by Alex Gourevitch in Jacobin pointed to the bloody history of traditional general strikes in the United States, which provoked harsh, militarized reactions from the government. Gourevitch concludes that today's organizers are trying to “leapfrog all the hard, long-term political work” and are “severely disconnected from reality.”
A traditional general strike is out of reach.
Gourevitch is right that a traditional general strike is out of reach. But the organizers of the March 8 strike are acutely aware of that fact, and are looking to women's uprisings for another way forward. The Polish women's strike never seriously attempted to shut down all commerce across the country. It was more like a giant march in which participants across the country boycotted work and school wherever they could—and a number of large companies shut down in solidarity. That turned out to be enough to help defeat the right-wing government's abortion ban.
Of course, it's possible that we in the United States just aren't angry enough to follow in their footsteps. The Trump administration, after all, has not asked Congress for a blanket ban on abortion like the one that led to the Polish women's strike. And we haven't seen cuts to social programs like the ones that led to many other general strikes in Europe—at least not yet.
Still, activists were able to bring out as many as 5 million people for the Women's March last month. If just a fraction of those millions join in on Feb. 17 and March 8, people in this country may learn how to get their strike on again—in a way that makes sense in this moment and centers those with the most to lose. The best way to start is to show up on Friday ready to learn.
Origins of a new era for Assassin's.
I'm a big Assassin's Creed fan and even I was growing tired of the copy and paste nature of the series.
ACO is quite simply stunning and boasts more mission variety than any other game in the series. The new combat system is infinitely better and rewards thought over button mashing. Damien Lucas, gaming columnist
Yes you could argue the formula works so why make drastic changes but it has at times felt like all that has changed is the location.
Well Assassin's Creed Origins changes all that... and then some.
As far as I'm concerned this is comfortably the best, most engrossing, engaging, fluid and enjoyable Assassin's yet in the finest setting.
Egypt is brought to life in breathtaking style with great thought to the various cultures in a wonderfully well-woven storyline. The awesome level of detail and sheer expanse makes just watching someone else play an enthralling spectacle. The story and script is the bedrock of everything good about ACO, though.
The lead character keeps you fully engrossed in the main story thread while there are also lots of memorable side-events and missions to enjoy along the way.
The combat system has been overhauled while the RPG element of the game is more advanced and prevalent than every before.
In previous AC titles I have become quickly frustrated with the clumsy camera/controls/parkour system.
Although approaching missions in stealth mode is the weak link this time around, all other areas are vastly improved and leaping up structures is now much smoother and less buggy.
Egypt can at times be sparse - perhaps a by-product of trying to make things a little too realistic - which is another negative but in no way spoils the overall experience.
ACO is quite simply stunning and boasts more mission variety than any other game in the series. The new combat system is infinitely better and rewards thought over button mashing.
Levelling up and weapon variety all add to the allure and despite encountering the odd annoying glitch I always wanted to keep playing so good was the storyline, a lot like the best in class Grand Theft Auto games.
You'll need to have your Instagram password handy, as the web form asks you to authenticate to get your data. Once you hit the submit button, you'll see a message that says, "We've started creating a file of things you've shared on Instagram and will email a link to [your email address]. It may take up to 48 hours to collect this data and send it to you." According to TechCrunch, you can also access the data download tool via the mobile app's privacy settings. While making user data available for download might be seen as a way for those users to jump ship, it's more likely that they'll all feel better about having a copy of their data, just in case, and stick around.
Egorov Puginsky Afanasiev & Partners has advised Danone Russia on its entry into a joint project with Soyuzmultfilm.
According to Egorov Puginsky, “Danone Russia and Soyuzmultfilm have signed an agreement to produce a series of sequels to the popular animated short film Three from Prostokvashino. The terms of cooperation provide that shooting is to start in 2017.
“Danone Russia will act as the project originator and will use the project to promote Russia's largest dairy brand, Prostokvashino, on an ongoing basis.”
The firm reports that the agreement envisages the release of 30 episodes from 2018 to 2020.
Soyuzmultfilm will hold exclusive rights to the new audiovisual works and elements, while Danone will have the right to use new episodes of the animated film to market and advertise its milk and dairy products, as well as certain other related product categories, in the Russian Federation, the CIS countries, Georgia, the EU, the Baltic countries, China, and Mongolia for the duration of the copyright period.
The Egorov Puginsky team included partner Andrey Porfiriev, head of IP/ТМТ Pavel Sadovsky, and senior associates Daria Sergeeva and Pavel Sukholinskiy.
MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. — It wasn't the Easter bunny that startled a South Carolina homeowner and their family. It wasn't even a burglar.
The Post and Courier of Charleston reports Susie and Steve Polston were worried that someone was trying to get into their home on Sunday. Instead, Polston's 16-year-old son found the intruder: a nine-foot alligator crawling on their second-story porch.
The family says the alligator climbed a back stairwell to the porch, crunched through the aluminum screen door and nestled between a sofa and a swinging bench.
State law requires a nuisance-trapped alligator to be killed, but the family didn't want that. The other choice was to wait it out, but the alligator was eventually euthanized.
Last year, an alligator rang a doorbell, while another fell asleep on a porch.
What could be more Canadian than going to a skating party?
Well, if you wear a red sweater, joined in with hundreds of friends from your community, bumped into Santa at the rink, celebrated Canada's 150th birthday and raised money for a good cause, that would be even more Canadian. If you want in on the fun, mark Sunday, Dec. 10 on your calendar and plan to be part of Canada 150 Skating Day at the Selkirk Recreational Complex from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.
The Selkirk Community Renewal Corporation received a grant for $1,000 from Canadian Heritage to host the Canada-wide event and has partnered with the City of Selkirk to host the event. It will be one of many taking places that day across Canada to celebrate Canada's 150th birthday.
“We're inviting families, groups of friends, everybody to come out and enjoy an afternoon of free skating at the Selkirk Rec Complex and get into the Christmas spirit while celebrating Canada's birthday,” said Shelly Leonard, Program Coordinator with the city's department of Culture, Recreation and Green Transportation. “Santa will be there for photos, but they can't skate because they can't risk an injury this close to Christmas. They have to be healthy when they head out on their sled.”
The jolly guy in the red suit will be there for photos for $5 each with proceeds going to Selkirk Rotary Club's Project Echo, which is raising money to bring an echocardiogram to the Selkirk Regional Health Centre. Selkirk Mayor Larry Johannson said he's thrilled the city has partnered with SCRC to host a Canada 150 Skating Day.
“It's the perfect way to celebrate our great country's 150th birthday and it's an awesome way to get into the holiday spirit,” Johannson said. “We want to see everyone come out that day, get some exercise, meet up with family and friends and get into the spirit of the season as well. We love to build community and this day will do that well.”
Personalities from Virgin Radio, including Selkirk's own Mandy Shew will be there, with music for the skaters. Bomber mascots, Buzz and Boomer will be at the rink along with free Fair Trade hot chocolate. SCRC Executive Director Ashley Monkman said they're encouraging everyone to wear red to Skating Day. At 2:30 p.m. all the skaters will form a Maple Leaf for a photo at centre ice.
“We want everyone to wear red so we can show our Canadian pride with our Maple Leaf photo,” Monkman said. “It's a great event that will bring people from Selkirk, St. Andrews and St. Clements together to celebrate Canada's 150th birthday. We'll be enjoying one of our country's favourite pastimes along with thousands of other Canadians at Skating Days being held from coast to coast.”
Quinn Christiansen, Community Facilitator for the SCRC, said there are over 40 communities hosting Skating Day in Manitoba alone. Organizers are reaching out to local hockey and ringette teams, figure skaters and anyone else who wants to take part in the day. There will be face painters and other activities and the canteen will be open all day long. All are encouraged to wear a helmet while skating.
HURIWA commends Uzodinma over scholarship to Chidinma
A PRO-DEMOCRACY and non-governmental organization, Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has commended the senator representing Orlu senatorial zone, Imo state, Chief Hope Uzodinma for their award of full tuitions-free university scholarship to Chidinma Frances Nwadike. Miss Chidinma Frances Nwadike, a 17 year old Imo state born girl made history in the current joint […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Watch Video for “Babaloke” by Efe feat. Oritsefemi
Big Brother Naija 2017 winner Efe has released the visuals for their Oritsefemi-assisted track Babaloke.
The video was directed by Avalon Okpe and it is a “story-driven visual of love, greed, forgiveness, gratitude and kindness to one's enemies.”
Watch video below:
﻿
The post Watch Video for “Babaloke” by Efe feat. Oritsefemi appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Local law officials will hold a clinic for residents who are interested in having their criminal histories expunged from the record. The event is being put on by the District Attorney, Public Defender, City Prosecutor and the Clerks of Baton Rouge City and 19th Judicial District Courts.
The one-stop expungement clinic called BREES, Baton Rouge Easy Expungement Screening, will be held Saturday, October 7, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at 8894 Airline Highway, Suite Q, in the Connell's Village Shopping Center. Attendees will have their criminal histories reviewed by local legal experts to see if they qualify for an expungement. Residents who can make it on October 7 can stop by at the location on the first Saturday of every month.
Law officials want potential attendees to know:
"BREES cannot solve the limitations that exist in the law, but we can explain them. No misdemeanor expungements until five years have passed from completion of your crime, no felony expungements until 10 years have passed from completion of your crime, no domestic violence or sex crimes expungement."
Some attendees may qualify to have all statutory expungement fees waived if their case was never prosecuted or dismissed. Legal officials say the event is an important first step to improve our local court's responsiveness to those needing expungements to improve their job opportunities.
Exponent services will be provided on a first-come, first-served basis. Anyone not served on Saturday that they appear will be given a priority appointment for a future Saturday.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Teens unite, bridges gap between private, public schools
By Elizabeth Uwandu
AS part of efforts to mark 2017 childrens's day, Teens Unite, a non governmental organisation, NGO hosted students in Lagos to a talent hunt tagged, “ Harnessing talents for their Kingdom.” The event had students from private and public schools such as Honeyland School, Gowon Estate, Ipaja, Doregos Private Academy, Abesan Comprehensive Junior Secondary School, Faith Heritage and Jakande Comprehensive Senior Secondary School, competed in bible quiz, choreography, music and orchestral performances and drama display.
Speaking at the event sponsored by St. Ives Fertility Centre and The Redeemed Christian Church of God, Mighty Hand of God and Later Rain Assembly parishes; founder,Teens Unite, Faith Isiramen said the programme was aimed at bridging the gap between private and public schools and set a forum for motivation, interaction and connection among students who are future leaders, adding “forums like this remove stage fright, promote self esteem and foster unity and integration, tools for harnessing talents that will develop the country.”
Mrs Isiramen noted that aside the importance of curricular activities in the lives of students' social and mental well being, Teens Unite aimed to promote inner ingenuity and friendship among Nigeria youths in private and public schools.
“ I found out that there is a lot of disparity between students from private schools and those from public schools. This disparity often put public schools at a disadvantaged as they often exhibit low esteem. Today , am happy that aside the bond of friendship exhibit among these students, that discrimination seen between these sets of school is removed. Rather, what we have here is healthy rivalry among them.” added Mrs Isiramen.
The post Teens unite, bridges gap between private, public schools appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
From Texas Standard:
On Saturday, members of the media received a press release titled: “Today Charlottesville, Tomorrow Texas A&M.” The message came from a group organizing a White Lives Matter rally featuring white nationalist Richard Spencer, scheduled to take place on September 11th at the Texas university. There's plenty of outrage on social media, and a counter-protest has already been planned.
Adam Key, an organizer of BTHO Hate, says the counter-protest will be non-violent and is meant to challenge the hateful and bigoted ideology perpetuated by Spencer.
Indeed, Key organized another protest to a Spencer event last December on campus, but says protesters weren't allowed into the Memorial Student Center where they were speaking.
“The goal of our protest was not to get in and disrupt their event. …We simply wanted to use our free speech to collectively represent our opposition to their ideas,” they say.
Even in the midst of events like Charlottesville, when the stakes seem highest for opposition groups like BTHO Hate, Key says peaceful protest is the most important thing to do.
“I understand that people are afraid after Charlottesville…but simultaneously, if we don't speak up because we're afraid, then they've already won,” they say.
But there was violence in Charlottesville: A driver plowed through a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one person and injuring dozens. Some are criticizing the police for not doing enough to prevent physical clashes, but Key says he's confident the same thing won't happen at A&M.
“I have great faith in the great men and women of the university police department. …I expect just like December, we'll have state troopers there and I believe the FBI was there last time as well,” they say.
For good measure, BTHO Hate's protest will take place at a distance from the Spencer event. And there will be what they call a “maroon wall,” or a human barrier, that will obscure onlookers' view of the white lives matter rally.
“Our goal is to have the two be separate things, to discourage the type of physical interaction that happened in Charlottesville,” Key says.
Whatever BTHO Hate does to prevent violence, the Spencer event and counter-protest will likely draw extensive media attention, which could fuel tensions. Key is aware of that possibility, but says it's still important their group speaks up to promote inclusivity, especially because of A&M's historical exclusion of black students.
“It's incredibly important as Aggies that we stand up and express that our campus welcomes all races, creeds, colors, religions and sexual orientations. But the one thing we don't welcome is hatred and intolerance. By remaining silent, we basically do nothing and we allow evil to go on,” they say.
Written by Caroline Covington.
Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday appeared before a joint investigation team (JIT) probing their alleged role in the financial irregularities ‘exposed' in the Panama Papers last year.
The six-member probe panel headed by JIT chief Wajid Zia will be hearing the case against PM Sharif in the graft case alleging corruption and siphoning money through shell companies.
Sharif is slated to produce all the documents to prove the charges otherwise in a closed-door hearing to be conducted at Islamabad's Judicial Academy.
The development comes after the Pakistan Supreme Court on April 20 ordered an investigation on PM Sharif and their sons over the alleged money laundering charges. The apex court wanted a JIT committee to launch a 60-day time-bound probe before the hearing begins in the court.
Reportedly, Panama Papers — a joint consortium of various media houses through International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) — allege that Nawaz Sharif and their sons used the money laundered to purchase four apartments in London's posh Park Lane area.
The JIT panel after questioning Sharif's sons last month issued summon to them on Saturday after their return from an official visit to Kazakhstan. PM Sharif was in Kazakhstan to attend the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Summit.
PM Nawaz Sharif is the first sitting Prime Minister of Pakistan to be deposed by a JIT panel in a graft case.
Meanwhile, Sharif maintained that they were innocent and is not involved in any of the illegal charges leveled against him.
As per the reports published by Panama papers, Nawaz Sharif was involved in money laundering case in the 1990s.
The Kremlin propaganda machine swung into action spreading that same message, that the results of the vote on Sunday were a rebuke to the West and a sign that Russia cannot be intimidated and should not be threatened.
“Before they were simply our president and they could be changed. But now they are our vozhd,” wrote Margarita Simonyan, the editor-in-chief of the Kremlin's main foreign-language bullhorn, the RT broadcast network, on Twitter. “And we will not allow them to be changed. And you did this yourselves.”
Vozhd is an old Russian word for chieftain, most commonly applied to Soviet rulers like Lenin and Stalin.
Indeed, some commentators found parallels between the vote on Sunday and its Soviet-era antecedents. There was no real competition and no concrete discussion of issues. The front-runner neither participated in any debates nor laid out a campaign platform. As a result, there is now no real sense of what, if anything, the vozhd will do with theirs mandate.
“The election results should be compared not with democracies, but with the Soviet Union,” wrote Ivan Kurilla, a historian, on Facebook. “Back then it was 99.9%, and now it's 75%. It's precisely by that 24% that today's elections are freer than Soviet ones.”
Observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe also found the entire process wanting, if well organized. “Overall, the campaign was marked by a lack of genuine competition among contestants,” the group's election observation mission concluded in a statement.
There were also some complaints about irregularities. A few videos of ballot stuffing appeared, although the results from a couple such polling stations were quickly nullified. But critics worried about more sophisticated techniques.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One of those was the new “absentee voting” system that allowed people to vote where they were physically rather than where they were registered. One opposition organizer who said they managed to vote twice using the system was immediately charged with a misdemeanor. But that left open the question of how many people might have been able to abuse the system.
The “electoral sultanates” that previously produced whopping numbers for Mr. Putin also seemed to have curbed their enthusiasm. In previous years the Republic of Chechnya, for example, habitually awarded Mr. Putin more than 99 percent of the vote with more than 99 percent turnout. This year it was a slightly more temperate 91.5 percent on both scales.
Over all, Mr. Putin received some 56.4 million votes out of more than 110 million eligible voters, the most ever cast for a Russian president. Turnout was 67.5 percent. The closest candidate to them was Pavel N. Grudinin from the Communist Party with 11.78 percent, followed by Vladimir V. Zhirinovsky, a right-wing nationalist, with 5.65 percent. Ksenia A. Sobchak, the only woman, attracted just 1.68 percent.
What effort Mr. Putin did make toward defining the next six years and their fourth term as president came in a March 1 state of the nation address, in which they promised to sharply increase social spending and to develop a whole new generation of nuclear weapons unlike any the world has ever seen. (Some were already operational, they claimed.)
Photo
Critics worried that it was all part of a set piece of continued confrontation that started with the annexation of Crimea and the uprising in eastern Ukraine, and continued with the Skripal case.
There was also no clear explanation of how Russia, with its stagnant economy, would pay for it all, but it certainly would mean abandoning the previous plan of turning Russia into a center of high-tech industries integrated into the global financial system, said Konstantin Gaaze, an analyst who writes frequently for the Carnegie Moscow Center.
“It is the Soviet model,” Mr. Gaaze said. “Sell more oil and send more money to research and development. Both schemes were tested in the late Soviet economy and both failed.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Some experts dismissed the guns and butter speech as just so much campaign rhetoric that would go the way of other such promises and decrees, like the assurances of economic and social welfare improvements that Mr. Putin made the time of their last inauguration in May 2012.
From the point of view of these experts, the overwhelming choice of Mr. Putin was rooted in their establishment of stability and rising living standards, especially after the chaotic 1990s, and pride in the rebuilt military and the country's higher standing in the world.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The mood, said Evgeny Gontmakher, a prominent economist, was that “only Putin can provide for us.” The current federal budget projects a growth of 2 percent for each of the next three years, they noted, modest but enough to underwrite basic needs without pronounced change.
Indeed, no voters interviewed at random in polling stations around Moscow mentioned “national consolidation” in confrontation with the West as the reason they chose Mr. Putin, but plenty mentioned the economy.
“We need to improve the economy now,” said Irina I. Kuzmenko, who teaches the tenets of the Russian Orthodox faith to children, speaking after voting for Mr. Putin. “Lots of factories are lying in tatters.”
Later Sunday, as Mr. Putin moved between victory celebrations near the Kremlin, one man was shown on television telling them they needed to focus on the economy. “The people are asking that you do the same with the economy that you did with the army,” the man said.
Mr. Putin did not respond directly, saying that it was important for all political forces to act according to “their common interests.”
“This is a very Soviet slogan,” said Natalya V. Zubarevich, an expert in social and political geography at Moscow State University, noting that the mandate made it easier for Mr. Putin to do whatever they wanted. “It means gathering around the flag and maintaining patience when things are not so good.”
They will need that patience, say many Western economists, who have attributed Russia's poor economic performance to the corruption and cronyism of the system Mr. Putin created and doubt it will much improve until that changes.
The steady parade of Soviet memes fed speculation that the next piece of Soviet heritage that Mr. Putin might try to resurrect was erasing the term limits in the Constitution and returning to the leader-for-life Politburo system.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Putin scoffed when asked about the idea on Sunday night, but others are not so sure, saying they may find it easier to change the Constitution and become president for life than to try to manage the succession struggle that would ensue when they step down.
However, while neighbors like China and Kazakhstan have found ways to keep their current leaders in place indefinitely, they noted, Russia needs a more rigid structure. “In Russia there is no tradition of being the ayatollah without serious formal steps,” said Nikolai Petrov, a political scientist at the Moscow Higher School of Economics.
If Mr. Putin's acolytes and supporters exulted at their victory, it left their critics with the uneasy sense that the leader would use their mandate to continue their campaign to muzzle the news media and restrict other civil liberties.
Yevgeny Roizman, the mayor of Yekaterinburg and a rare elected independent politician, wrote on Twitter: “Life will get worse and worse, and at each subsequent election the turnout will be bigger and bigger, the rating of the President will be higher and higher and North Korea will be closer and closer.”
A local Pakistani government official says a suicide bomber has targeted the administrative headquarters of a tribal region in the country's northwest, killing two police officers.
Hameedullah Khan says Wednesday's bombing struck at the main gate of the tribal headquarters in Ghalanai, in the Mohmand tribal region.
No one immediately claimed responsibility of the attack.
Earlier this week, a suicide bombing killed 13 in eastern Pakistani city of Lahore. A breakaway faction of the Pakistani Taliban — the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar or Freedom Movement — claimed that attack.
The breakaway faction is based in the Mohmand area — part of rugged, lawless regions along the Afghan border which have long served as safe havens for local and al-Qaida-linked foreign militants.
Pakistan has waged several offensives against Islamic militants in recent years.
GRAMBLING, La. (AP) -- Ivy Smith Jr., scored 20 points and Devante Jackson added 15 points and Grambling held on to beat Southern 69-68 on Saturday in the Tigers' first home game since Jan. 15.
Smith missed 13 of 17 shots from field but made up for it shooting 12 of 15 from the foul line. Nigel Ribiero added 10 points for Grambling (11-12, 7-3 Southwestern Athletic).
With Grambling leading 69-66, Smith fouled Jared Sam with five seconds left after they converted a layup to reduce Southern's deficit to a point. But Sam missed the potential and-1 chance to tie it and time ran out.
Sam's layup gave Southern a 41-32 lead with 13:32 left. Grambling later went on an 8-0 run and Jackson tied it at 45 with a dunk. The teams traded leads before Jackson made two foul shots for a 61-60 lead that Grambling never gave up. Ribeiro made two fouls shots for a 69-66 lead with 15 second left.
Sam led Southern (9-14, 5-5) with 23 points on 7-of-10 shooting from the field and 9 of 11 from the free throw line and Aaron Ray scored 14.
Watch TV shows, movies and more on Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
Norway has been training a group of female soldiers, called 'Hunter Troops'. They are an exclusive all female special forces team.
NBC News Originals More
NBC News Originals
NBC News is a leading source of global news and information. Here you will find clips from our original series Debunker, Flashback, Nerdwatch, Show Me and more.
Arvind Kejriwal vs L-G Anil Baijal: Reading out the verdict on Delhi power tussle, CJI Dipak Misra said that Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) is answerable to the people of Delhi. They added that obeying the constitution is everybody's duty and responsibility and they must carry out at every front. The following verdict came over the tussle of power between Centre and Delhi Government.
Giving out its verdict on Delhi power tussle, the Supreme Court on July 4 said that the Union and state governments must collaborate to function properly. Reading out the verdict on Delhi power tussle, CJI Dipak Misra said that AAP is answerable to the people of Delhi. They added that obeying the constitution is everybody's duty and responsibility and they must carry out at every front. Reading out the verdict over who gets to be the boss of Delhi, Dipak Misra said that L-G Anil Baijal must work harmoniously with the state government so that the projects do not get stalled and added that there is no place of disagreement. The following verdict came over the tussle of power between Centre and Delhi Government.
The following verdict was being read by a 5-bench judge. Ending the Delhi power tussle between Baijal and Kejriwal, Dipak Misra said that Governor of a state is not same as a Governor of a Union Territory and added that L-G is bound by the advice of their Council of ministers.
Here are the LIVE updates from the Supreme Court over the ongoing power tussle between Centre, L-G and Delhi CM:
11:00 am – Expressing disagreement over power tussle in Delhi CJI Misra said that a state fails when its Governance fails. Restoring the balance of power in the Delhi, they said that L-G Anil Baijal must not work in a mechanical manner.
11:10 am – Restoring the balance of power in Delhi, CJI Dipak Misra, who read the majority of the verdict, barred L-G Anil Baijal from acting independently on state-related matters and further asked them to not be an obstructionist.
11:15 am – Reading out the verdict on Delhi power tussle, Supreme Court held the previous judgment given by a bench of 9-judges and said that Delhi cannot have full statehood.
11:20 am – LT Governor Anil Baijal can also not refer every matter to President Ram Nath Kovind.
11:25 am – In the verdict passed, CJI said that the real power must lie with the government that has been elected by the people.
11:30 am – Lauding the order by the Supreme Court, CM Arvind Kejriwal said that it was a victory for the people of Delhi and a major victory for democracy.
The following verdict by the Supreme Court comes in the case that was filed back in November 2017. In the case filed, Kejriwal had said that AAP cannot work without power and that it cannot be with power, was nowhere mentioned in the Constitution. Today's verdict was welcomed by all the senior leaders of APP terming it a big victory for the people of Delhi.
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
(MRN) Team Penske's Sam Hornish Junior was “King of the Road” on Saturday at the Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course, starting from the pole and leading a race-high sixty-one laps to notch their first win of the season. Hornish kept the Number-22 Ford in front over the final fourteen laps, protecting their lead through a pair of late restarts in posting their fifth career win. The margin of victory over rookie runner-up Daniel Hemric was one-point-three seconds with Matt Tifft, James Davison and Andy Lally completing the top five. Regular-season points leader Elliott Sadler came home in sixth place and extended their advantage to eighty-one points over William Byron, who labored to a twenty-fifth place finish … Brendan Gaughan ran alongside Hornish on one of the late-race restarts and battled for the lead before fading to seventh place. However, they advanced their playoff hopes by outrunning both Ryan Sieg (who finished twelfth) and Michael Annett (nineteenth). Those three are battling for the final two post-season spots.
Top 10 Finishers in the Mid-Ohio Challenge
DRIVER STARTING POSITION LAPS LED
1. Sam Hornish Jr. (Pole) 61
2. Daniel Hemric (R) (6) 8
3. Matt Tifft (R) (5) —
4. James Davison (11) —
5. Andy Lally (13) —
6. Elliott Sadler (2) 1
7. Brendan Gaughan (17) —
8. Brennan Poole (10) —
9. Justin Marks (21) —
10. Dakoda Armstrong (28) —
Unofficial Point Standings – After 21 Races
DRIVER POINTS BEHIND LEADER
1. Elliott Sadler 763 —-
2. William Byron (R) 682 -81
3. Justin Allgaier 621 -142
4. Brennan Poole 581 -182
5. Daniel Hemric (R) 567 -196
6. Cole Custer (R) 505 -258
7. Matt Tifft (R) 494 -269
8. Ryan Reed 457 -306
9. Dakoda Armstrong 431 -332
Blake Koch 431 -332
Two ‘gay' men publicly fight in Lagos over refusal to pay for anal sex
Two suspected gay Nigerian men, Promise Oluwabunkenoye and Kehinde Abiola yesterday appeared before a Surulere Chief Magistrates' Court in Lagos charged with anal sex. The accused — ‎Oluwabunkenoye, 24, and Abiola, 29 — whose addresses are unknown, are facing a two-count charge of same-sex having sexual intercourse and fighting in the public‎. The duo, however, pleaded […]
The post Two ‘gay' men publicly fight in Lagos over refusal to pay for anal sex appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LONDON, United Kingdom — Britain's Prince Harry suffered “total chaos” before eventually seeking help to deal with the death of their mother Princess Diana, they said in an interview published Monday.
Speaking to The Telegraph newspaper, the 32-year-old prince said they had spent years trying to ignore their emotions following Diana's death in 1997 when they were just 12.
“My way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand, refusing to ever think about my mum, because why would that help? It's only going to make you sad. It's not going to bring them back,” they said.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Prince Harry slams ‘abuse' of actor girlfriend
It was not until the age of 28 that they sought help from mental health professionals after encouragement from others, including “huge support” from their older brother Prince William.
“It was 20 years of not thinking about it and then two years of total chaos… I didn't know what was wrong with me,” they said.
While Harry has referred to grief in the past and supported mental health charities, they are acutely sensitive about media attention and it is rare for them to speak openly about their personal experience.
‘Turning point'
Their candid words were widely praised by commentators.
The mental health charity Mind described the interview as a “turning point” and campaign group Time to Change said they “will have helped change attitudes”.
“It's inspiring to see Prince Harry speaking out about their experience. It shows how far we have come in changing public attitudes to mental health that someone so high-profile can open up,” said Paul Farmer, chief executive of Mind.
Diana and their boyfriend Dodi Fayed were killed in a car crash in a Paris underpass on August 31, 1997, along with their French driver Henri Paul as they tried to outrun chasing photographers.
ADVERTISEMENT
Them death triggered a mass outpouring of public grief and Harry walked behind their coffin during a funeral which was broadcast around the world.
Harry said they recently confronted the grief of losing their mother as well as tackling the pressures of a royal life including overcoming a feeling of “fight or flight” during engagements.
“I generally don't know how we (royals) stay sane. I don't have any secrets, I've probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions,” they said.
Boxing ‘saved me'
During a decade in the British army Harry served twice in Afghanistan and went on to meet soldiers in a recovery unit, an experience they said had an impact on their health.
“You park your own issues, because of what you are confronted with,” they told The Telegraph.
Describing themselves as “a problem” through much of their twenties, Harry said as well as seeking treatment they found taking up boxing helped.
“Everyone was saying boxing's good for you and it's really good for letting out aggression. That really saved me, because I was on the verge of punching someone. Being able to punch someone with pads was certainly easier,” they said.
Prince William and their wife Kate are campaigning along with Harry to end stigma around mental health, supporting charities through their Heads Together initiative.
Harry said once they started talking about how they felt they discovered they were “part of quite a big club” and encouraged others to open up.
“What we're trying to do is normalise the conversation to the point of where anyone can sit down and have a coffee and say, ‘You know what, I've had a really shit day. Can I just tell you about it?'” they said. CBB
Government has emphasized that it will no longer sign any Power Purchase Agreement(PPA) for thermal generation of electricity.
Per the decision by the Akufo-Addo administration, agreements will only be signed for the purchase of power from renewal energy sources, Vice President Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia has said.
This position by government comes on the heels of the ratification of the International Solar Alliance Treaty yesterday by parliament in a move which offers the country an opportunity to reduce dependence on fossil fuel through the use of solar and other renewable energy resources.
Dr Bawumia who made this known at the 3rd Advancement Lecture Series 2017 at the University of Cape Coast on Wednesday, said:”our goal fundamentally is to move Ghana away from the dependence on thermal energy towards renewable energy as the primary source of power for homes, offices and certainly for all public facilities.”
Addressing participants on the theme, “Developing stronger economies for the African continent: the missing link,” they explained that with the use of technological advancement, developing human capacity and an enforcement of the rule of law, Africa will reach its highest potential in economic stability.
According to him, Ghana has begun building a stronger economy with the New Patriotic Party (NPP) government policy interventions like the digital addressing system, issuance of the National Identification Card (NIC) and paperless port operation, among others.
As 2017 dawns, an iconic artist with deep roots in classical music takes you inside the lyrics and music of song with a prophetic vision.
Billy Joel is the living definition of "superstar" in rock and pop music. But their mega-hit songs are rooted in the qualities of classical music, especially melody.
In a conversation with WCRB's Tony Rudel, they describe the way a single melodic idea led to a song that, 40 years after its release, seems to speak to our time with uncanny accuracy.
Hear the entire conversation about "Miami 2017" on WCRB's podcast, The Answered Question:
By Maria Tsvetkova and Alessandra Prentice
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia dismissed on Wednesday as groundless a U.S. media report that said members of Donald Trump's presidential campaign had contacts with Russian intelligence officials.
The report, from the New York Times, has boosted concerns about Russia's role in influencing the outcome of the United States' election. U.S. intelligence agencies have already accused Russia of being behind the hacking of Democratic Party emails in order to help Trump, a Republican, to win.
U.S-Russia relations are under particular scrutiny following the inauguration of Trump, who pledged in their campaign to improve ties with the Kremlin after they deteriorated to their worst level since the Cold War under the Obama administration.
The New York Times, citing four current and former U.S. officials, reported on Tuesday that phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Trump's campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election.
"Let's not believe anonymous information," Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told a conference call with reporters, noting that the newspaper's sources were unnamed.
"It's a newspaper report which is not based on any facts."
In a rare comment to media, Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service told the TASS news agency the report consisted of "unsubstantiated media allegations".
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova denied there had been any inappropriate contact between Trump representatives and Russian state agencies during the campaign.
They told a daily news briefing the latest allegations looked like part of a domestic U.S. political tussle that Russian officials have suggested is designed to damage the chances for better U.S.-Russia ties.
"We're not surprised by anything anymore. This information once again proves that a very deep political game is playing out within the United States," said Zakharova.
The prospect of a swift rapprochement between Russia and the United has lessened since Trump's inauguration due to scandals including the resignation on Monday of national security adviser Michael Flynn, who was seen in Moscow as a leading advocate of softer U.S. policy towards Russia.
(Writing by Andrew Osborn and Alessandra Prentice; Editing by Gareth Jones)
There's no mention of a game lineup, and Atari noted that its "objective" is to announce the pre-order date sometime in April. It could be well into the spring before you can even put money down on a VCS, let alone hook one up to your TV. We're still holding out some hope for the VCS, especially since it won't be limited to playing vintage games, but the proof will be in the pudding -- Atari needs to show a working device and playable titles for this to be more than another nostalgia cash-in.
One more step ....
We've sent a confirmation to your email address — please open that email and click the “activate now” button. Then access is all yours!
If you can't see the activation email in your inbox, check your junk mail folder. If you haven't received an activation email within 30 minutes please contact support@crikey.com.au and we'll help you out.
Osun West bye-election: Hussein emerges APC flagbearer
Sen. Mudashiru Hussein has emerged the flag bearer of the Progressives Congress (APC) for Osun West Senatorial District bye-election. Hussein, who was earlier disqualified by the APC screening committee and appeal committee, was eventually cleared by the National Working Committee of the party to contest the election. Although the former senator was unopposed in…
The post Osun West bye-election: Hussein emerges APC flagbearer appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Rahul takes on PM in Guj
DH News Service, New Delhi, Oct 7 2017, 1:37 IST
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi arrives at the Amausi airport in Lucknow on Wednesday. PTI file photo.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's two-day trip to poll-bound Gujarat over the weekend will be followed by Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi's visit from Monday till Wednesday.
Several Union ministers, chief ministers and national leaders of the BJP will arrive in the state subsequently for a carpet-bomb campaign.
Rahul, who began their campaign in Gujarat from the Saurashtra region across six districts and half of the 52 Assembly constituencies of Saurashtra from September 29 to October 2, will kickstart the next phase of the three-day election tour in the central Gujarat region.
Rahul is expected to lead two major roadshows in Vadodara and Bodeli and conduct 18 group meetings.
For the BJP, while Modi remains the biggest campaigner followed by party national president Amit Shah, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, too, would make a two-day visit to Gujarat on October 13 and 14.
Adityanath will attend the ongoing Gujarat Gaurav Yatra, and is expected to primarily move around the south Gujarat region, especially Surat, which has a sizeable population from their state.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj is slated to hold a women's townhall on October 14.
Greenup County Cooperative Extension Service will hold master gardener classes weekly, March 1 through May 3, at the Greenup County Extension Office. The classes are 6:30pm-8:30pm
There is a minimum of 10 students per class for class to be held.
A Master Gardener has an interest in all types of gardening, such as ornamental or vegetable, wants to teach others to garden and is trained by Cooperative Extension
Service personnel. As a Master Gardener you will help County Extension Agents reach more residents who have gardening problems by working in information booths at community events, teaching horticulture to beginning gardeners, and conducting community service projects.
There is a $60.00 fee for the class to cover a textbook. For more information, contact Linda Hieneman by phone at (606) 836-0201 or by email at linda.hieneman@uky.edu.
Greenup County Master Gardener applications and course fees are being accepted through Friday, February 23, 2018; and are available at the Extension Office (35 Wurtland Avenue, Wurtland, KY).
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – Guards prevented a man from lighting up a Molotov cocktail inside the reception area at the Ministry of Justice Thursday.
The man, aged about 40, showed up at the ministry around 2:20 p.m., the Central News Agency reported.
They first threw a burning paper bag at the reception desk, followed by a bottle filled with gasoline, but as it failed to explode, they produced a cigarette lighter to try and set the fuel on fire. However, guards intervened and restrained the man before they were able to set off an explosion, according to CNA.
As they were questioned by police, media reported that the man had expressed dissatisfaction with the policies of Justice Minister Chiu Tai-san (邱太三) over the past two years.
In this Dec. 10, 2016 photo, Syrian refugee Ahmad Alkhalaf, left, dashes away from Rayyan Jalal while playing capture the flag with friends during a day camp for local Muslim children in Sharon, Mass. The young boy who lost their arms in a refugee camp bomb blast is thriving in their new life in Massachusetts. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. ISLAMIC STATE GROUP CLAIMS ATTACK ON ISTANBUL NIGHTCLUB
It is reportedly carried out in "revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders" of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
2. FOR WHOM THE 1980S STILL HOLD RELEVANCE
Many of Donald Trump's cultural touchstones — those he'd frequently namedrop at campaign rallies and on Twitter — were at their peak in the 1980s.
3. OBAMA IN CLOSING STRETCH OF PRESIDENCY
Their final days in office will be consumed by a bid to protect their health care law, a farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
4. MEDICARE LAUNCHES REVAMP FOR HEART ATTACKS, HIP FRACTURES
The goal of new approaches is to encourage coordination that promotes quality and contains costs.
5. WHERE CHILDREN STARVE AS WAR DRAGS ON
Yemen's children are dying of malnutrition as a conflict and a blockade imposed by a Saudi-led coalition cause food prices to soar in the Arab world's poorest nation.
6. WHO SEEKS TO PULL POT SHOPS OUT OF BANKING LIMBO
Massachusetts U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren is leading an effort to make sure vendors working with marijuana businesses don't have their banking services taken away.
7. ARMLESS SYRIAN BOY THRIVES IN THE U.S.
Ahmad Alkhalaf finds a new life in Massachusetts but isn't sure whether he'll be reunited with their family anytime soon.
8. CHINA STARTS 2017 ENGULFED BY SMOG
Authorities in Beijing and other cities across the nation delay dozens of flights and close highways.
9. DICK CLARK PRODUCTIONS REJECTS MARIAH CAREY'S SABOTAGE CLAIM
The productions firm is hitting back against the singer's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its "New Year's Rockin' Eve" special, saying that's "absurd."
10. KELLY, MCCOY, BAALKE LATEST TO FEEL THE NFL AX
More moves could be coming, too. Is Chuck Pagano safe in Indianapolis? Might the Saints do something with Sean Payton?
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union.
That's according to two people familiar with the plans who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations. The people say the administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, but an announcement is expected before Friday's deadline.
President Donald Trump announced in March they would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests.
But they delayed the implementation for several countries, including the European Union, giving them time to negotiate a deal.
The EU has said it will retaliate if the exemptions lapse.
WASHINGTON — Under relentless pressure, President Donald Trump on Monday named and condemned “repugnant” hate groups and declared that “racism is evil” in a far more forceful statement than he'd made earlier after deadly, race-fueled weekend clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump's initial failure on Saturday to denounce the groups by name — instead they bemoaned violence on “many sides” — prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats. This time, the president described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs” in a prepared statement they read during an unscheduled address from the White House.
“Racism is evil,” they said, singling out the hate groups as “repugnant to everything that we hold dear as Americans.”
“Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America,” they said.
In their remarks they also called for unity.
“We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans,” they said.
Trump also, for the first time, mentioned Heather Heyer by name, as they paid tribute to the woman killed when a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
The president left the White Houseroom after their statement without acknowledging reporters' shouted questions.
Trump noted that the Justice Department has opened a civil rights investigation into the car crash that killed Heyer.
“To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered,” they said.
Their attorney general, Jeff Sessions, said earlier Monday that the violence “does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute.”
Sessions told ABC's “Good Morning America,” “You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation toward the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America.”
Trump gave their statement after meeting with Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray.
In the hours after the incident on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that they condemn “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
That was met with swift bipartisan criticism.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, said they spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and twice told the president “we have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric.” They said they urged Trump “to come out stronger” against the actions of white supremacists.
Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists. Sen. Cory Gardner of Colorado said Sunday on NBC, “This isn't a time for innuendo or to allow room to be read between the lines. This is a time to lay blame.”
The White House scrambled to stem the tide of criticism, dispatching aides to the Sunday talk shows and sending out a statement that more forcefully denounced the hate groups.
But the White House did not attach a name to the statement. Usually, a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual's responsibility and often undercuts the significance.
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke attended the demonstrations. Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “fulfil the promises of Donald Trump.”
Trump's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, which wrote: “Trump comments were good. They didn't attack us. They just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. … No condemnation at all.” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “Summer of Hate” edition.
Trump, as a presidential candidate, frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer their condemnation of white supremacists. Their strongest denunciations of the movement have not come voluntarily, only when asked, and they occasionally have trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during their campaign. Their chief strategist, Steve Bannon, once declared that their former news site, Breitbart, was “the platform for the alt-right.”
Early Monday, the CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company said they were resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council, citing “a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
Trump lashed back almost immediately at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier “will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
International Olympic Committee (IOC) Coordination Commission chair John Coates and Tokyo 2020 President Yoshirō Mori have claimed there has been a growing interest in the Olympic and Paralympic Games in recent month across Japan.
The pair made the assertion during the opening remarks of the IOC's Commission's fifth visit to the Japanese capital city.
It comes shortly after organisers celebrated the 1,000 days to go milestones for both the Olympic and Paralympic Games, the latter occurring at the end of November.
“You held the events with great success, with a remarkable number of people turning out,” said Coates.
“The turnout was indicative over everything we see here in Japan, with the people supporting the national effort.
“Your marketing programme continues at record levels and we are pleased to confirm the urban venues, which will feel with be iconic and engage the youth of Tokyo.
“We believe this youth focused and gender balanced Games will be among your great legacies and one people will remember.
Coates also praised organisers for the recent opening of the Musashino Forest Sports Plaza, which will host badminton and the fencing component of the modern pentathlon, as well as the wheelchair basketball at the Paralympic Games.
It was the first of eight new permanent venues being constructed for the Games to be unveiled.
The strong support of the 1,000 days to milestone was praised by the Commission ©Getty Images
“The venue was the first site we looked at as a coordination commission and we would like to congratulate you,” Coates said.
“Having also seen the progress on the national stadium, heading towards a completion in November 2019, we are very confident it will be ready.
“We are very confident you are on the way to achieving your and our shared goals.”
Mori references the IOC Executive Board decision last week that basketball 3x3 and sport climbing would be held at the temporary venue, located in the Tokyo Bay Zone close to the Athletes' Village.
BMX racing and freestyle events and skateboarding will all be held on the Olympic BMX Course also located in the Tokyo Bay Zone in the northern part of Tokyo's Ariake district.
“We would like to thank them for their approval,” Mori said.
“We will be delivering the popular sports for the young people.
“This meeting is the second meeting of the year, we had punctuating moments of three years and 1,000 days to go.
“We acted on increasing the momentum for the Games.”
Discussions over the Games budget are likely to take place over the next three days, with organisers hoping to reveal a revised version by the close of the year.
Mori acknowledged the reducing the cost of the Games was a challenge, but claimed they were making progress to achieving their aim.
They also praised politicians for their support, but suggested they may require legislation to be passed by the Japanese Parliament to combat the potential threat posed by ticket scalping as the Games approaches.
Discussions surrounding the Games budget are likely to take place, with Tokyo 2020 set to provide a revised version by the close of the year ©Getty Images
“The budget is a challenge we have to continue to work on,” they said.
“We have made efforts to reduce costs and in October there was a project review meeting.
“We have proposed a new cost reduction plan.
“They are entering into a new stage reviewing the services.
“We would like to make a second budget and make a revised version by the end of this year.
“We may need to ask for cooperation from the Diet, maybe around ticketing, so there could be some laws which need adjusting.
“The facilities and programmes, engagement with the population will be growing in importance in the coming months.”
Tokyo 2020 also stated they were looking forward to the opportunity to attend the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympics as observers in February, as they seek to gain further insight in hosting the Games.
Shunichi Suzuki, the Minister in charge of the Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games, and Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike were also present for the opening remarks of the Commission meeting.
The Commission began their second visit to the capital city of the year with a tour venue as they continue to assess Tokyo 2020's progress.
Erhahon suspended as Edo APC publicity scribe
EDO STATE Publicity Secretary of the Progressives Congress, APC, Godwin Erhahon, has been suspended by the State leadership of the party for criticizing former governor Adams Oshiomhole. The suspension, was sequel to their recent interview with Tell magazine, in which they reportedly disparaged the former governor The state chairperson of the APC, Anselm Ojezua, […]
The post Erhahon suspended as Edo APC publicity scribe appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Every Wednesday, political insiders Evan Solomon and John Geddes unpack Parliament Hill and beyond in Maclean's weekly Facebook Live interactive show Crosstalk, beaming our deep-dive discussions of politics, policy and current affairs to your device, no matter where you are. It's our smart must-watch morning briefing on the week's biggest topics—and you can join in the conversation with comments and questions of your own, live!
To get notified when Crosstalk goes live, subscribe to our Facebook page and tune in at 10:00 am ET on Wednesday, Feb. 15.
Here's what's on the agenda this week:
TRUDEAU AND TRUMP
The highly anticipated photo-ops and grip-and-grins are in the books. But there's still plenty to pore over—and so much more left in the still uncertain relationship between the prime minister and the president. What happens next?
THE PM'S ETHICS INVESTIGATION
The ethics commissioner has officially opened a case to look into Trudeau's visit to the Aga Khan's private island. What could the political ramifications be?
A BAROMETER ON THE LEADERSHIP RACES
A few more names have entered the fray for the NDP leadership, while the Conservative race continues to chug along. Where do we go from here? And what do the parties stand for, right now?
Evan and John will be discussing and debating all these items and more—including questions you bring to the table! Ask yours in the comments section or on the Facebook page during the show to join in the conversation, and remember to subscribe to our Facebook page and tune in every Wednesday, with this week's Crosstalk airing at 10:00 am ET.
Getty Image
Mere days after Arizona resident Douglas Haig was revealed to be the man who sold over 700 rounds of ammunition to Las Vegas mass shooter Stephen Paddock, authorities charged them in a Nevada federal court. According to the New York Times, Haig has been charged “with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets” despite theirs not possessing the necessary license to make and sell such rounds commercially:
Investigators said they had found Mr. Haig's fingerprints on unfired armor-piercing ammunition inside the hotel room Mr. Paddock used as their shooting perch. Mr. Haig, 55, did not have the license needed to manufacture such ammunition, according to the charges filed by federal authorities.
While speaking with CBS News, Newsweek, and numerous other outlets earlier in the week, Haig insisted they didn't personally know Haddock. They also claimed there was no conspiracy regarding their loose association with the shooter, adding that they “couldn't detect anything wrong with this guy” at the time. Even so, the lack of a proper license — as well as discrepancies between Haig's testimony and evidence found in Haddock's hotel room — resulted in Friday's charge:
Federal investigators said that Mr. Haig told them that they made “reload” ammunition, essentially creating new bullets from used cartridges, but told them that they did not sell them. But investigators found that two of the unfired armor-piercing bullets found in Mr. Paddock's hotel room had been created by Mr. Haig.
Previously, one of Haig's lawyers told reporters that, “to the best of their knowledge, [his client had] never sold ammunition to anybody who has ever used it for any unlawful purpose whatsoever.”
(Via New York Times)
It's a FREE weekly e-newsletter all about food. Sign Up Today!
Want to share a recipe?
We are always looking for more recipes to add to our site.
INCREDIBLE: No road to Nigeria's first oil/gas poly
Citizens request FG to take over Yenagoa-Oporoma-Koluama Road project
Rector doing their best to change narrative — PRO
By Samuel Oyadongha
EKOWE—THE Federal Government brilliantly conceived and built the country's first oil and gas polytechnic, the Federal Polytechnic at Ekowe riverine community in Bayelsa State, in 2009, but the citadel of learning cannot be accessed by road, making it impossible for parents/guardians to send their children/wards to the school.
Investigations by NDV showed that at the moment, the two means of coming to the polytechnic, located in the deep swamp of Southern Ijaw Local Government Area, along the River Nun, are by air and waterways. While the first is highly expensive, the second is ominous for those not familiar with the riverine terrain.
Work on the polytechnic, an initiative of the Petroleum Technology Development Fund, PTDF, established under its Institutional Capacity Development, started in phases in 2007 and it took off in 2009 though formally handed over to the Federal Ministry of Education, last year.
Transformation of what used to be a marshy wetland, part of which housed the Government Science and Technical College, Ekowe, to a modern-day polytechnic was actually conceptualized during the Niger Delta Stakeholders meeting in 2006.
PTDF was mandated at the time to intervene in the establishment of educational institutions at Bonny, Rivers State, Ekowe in Bayelsa State, Okerenkoko and Oporoza in Delta State to ensure Nigerians take over the oil and gas sector.
Dickson's intervention: The state government decided to undertake the Yenagoa-Oporoma-Koluama road in the Central senatorial district to link the area, but is currently constrained. The road project expected to terminate at the Atlantic shore of the district was stalled in the wake of the recession that rocked the nation's economy and the attendant fall in the state allocation from the federation accounts.
Our findings revealed that the Governor Seriake Dickson administration awarded the contract to the Chinese Construction Company, which commenced and took the road to Igebiri community on the periphery of the Southern Ijaw council area before it moved out of site, following government's inability to release funds for the project.
Bayelsans plead with FG
However, concerned Bayelsans, who spoke to NDV, urged the federal government to come to the aid of the state government by taking over the project in view of the huge capital outlay and state government's enormous contribution to the federal coffers, and more importantly, to realize its aspiration of training the category of manpower that will take over the oil and gas sector.
The Yenagoa-Oporoma road, it was learned, had been on the federal government drawing board since the 60s, but nothing tangible was done.
Kachikwu's pledge: NDV was informed that sometime in June, last year, the Minister of State for Petroleum, Dr. Ibe Kachikwu, promised to make a case for the development of access roads to the institution by the Federal Government in collaboration with the Bayelsa State government to ease transportation to the polytechnic. It was not known at the time of this report the progress made in this regard.
Institution bemoans lack of road, electricity: In spite of the challenges, it was gathered that the Rector, Dr. Timi Seiyaboh, had since their appointment as the second substantive rector, brought significant changes to bear on the institution.
The public relations officer of the institution, Pastor Fiebai Woyengikuro, told NDV, “The Rector, Dr. Timi Seiyaboh, is making concerted efforts to ensure that all the institution's programmes are accredited.”
He, however, decried the absence of a road and electricity, major catalyst to socio-economic development, as major problem of the institution.
“If there were a roads, the polytechnic would have developed faster than where it is today. Though we have recorded increase in number of students' admission, many parents who are not from this area do not want their children to go the riverine area because of the absence of roads.
“Electricity is also a problem for us; we are currently relying on a diesel powered generator which is a burden to the management given the high cost of conveying fuel to the hinterland by water. We are looking for ways of partnering with the multinationals operating in the council area to assist since the institution has not been connected to the national grid,” they asserted.
Seiyaboh's footwork: It was gathered that officials of the National Board for Technical Education (NBTE) came calling, penultimate week, and marvelled at the facilities on ground as well as the commitment of the management team in turning around the fortunes of the institution.
Woyengikuro said: “The Rector has succeeded in getting TETFUND to sponsor the training of staff and rebranding of the institution.
Last month, they organized a town hall meeting where critical issues were discussed about the rebranding of the polytechnic. It was clearly stated at the meeting that it is not going to be business as usual because they are poised to reposition the polytechnic administratively and academically.
The post INCREDIBLE: No road to Nigeria's first oil/gas poly appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Foregoing the expansion basically kept you out of Prestige versions of the Leviathan raid and weekly Nightfall strike on the PVP side, and Trials of the Nine and Iron Banner in the PVP Crucible. Plus, completionists on consoles couldn't get their hands on all the trophies and achievements. It's a case of the dev repeating its mistakes -- in the first Destiny Crucible multiplayer options got dumbed down to a random playlist if you refused to buy Taken King or Rise of Iron.
The patch, which is expected today, will bring the the Prestige Leviathan raid back down to power 300, with rewards dropping down to match, making it (and the relevant achievements, including the last step for the Legend of Acrius exotic shotgun) open to all. However, the Prestige Nightfall will remain unchanged, so it will still need Curse of Osiris. To keep vets coming back, Bungie is mulling a third difficulty for Prestige activities.
As for the regular Nightfall, it will remain available to everyone, except for when the strike is tied to Curse of Osiris -- the same goes for Trials of the Nine. And, Destiny 2's limited-time events (including The Dawning, Iron Banner and Faction Rally) will also be accessible by all. As a result, tomorow's Faction Rally is getting delayed. Naturally, you'll still need Curse of Osiris to grab the seasonal awards, such as the new seasonal armour ornaments, that come with it.
In tweets, the dev also said it's following through on its promise to rebalance the hella fun but OP Prometheus Lens. The game-breaking Exotic Trace rifle, which was added with the DLC, lays waste to anyone in sight in PVP. Now, in the back end of laser tag week, Bungie is nerfing the gun in the short-term, with plans to overhaul it by January.
TOURISM OPPORTUNITY: James and Ruby Day from Beaudesert visited the Cooloola Coast recently. The Gympie bypass is set to benefit the region - making Tin Can Bay and Rainbow Beach more accessible.
TOURISM OPPORTUNITY: James and Ruby Day from Beaudesert visited the Cooloola Coast recently. The Gympie bypass is set to benefit the region - making Tin Can Bay and Rainbow Beach more accessible. LEEROY TODD
TRAVEL time to the Cooloola Coast will be sliced if funding for Section D of the Bruce Highway's Cooroy to Curra upgrade is secured.
Section D, which includes the Gympie bypass, is set to benefit satellite communities to Gympie's east, with reduced drive times for commuters travelling from the Sunshine Coast.
Modelling for travel time savings between Woondum and the Cooloola Coast has not yet been done, but a Department of Transport and Main Roads spokesperson said there will be a significant amount of time saved.
"There will be an average travel time saving of up to 10 minutes if travelling along the new 26km Gympie bypass, as opposed to the existing Bruce Highway through Gympie to Curra,” the spokesperson said.
The new stretch of highway will be 110km/h and about 3km shorter than the existing highway through Gympie.
The new road will allow travellers from Gympie to reach Tin Can Bay in about 20 minutes or less.
Division one councillor Mark McDonald said the reduced commuter time will have "enormous benefits” to residents of the Cooloola Coast and Rainbow Beach.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
Former public defenders say prison officials who had a hand in prosecuting their clients influenced and sometimes outright interfered with their defense work.
Last week, David O'Neil stood before the Texas Board of Criminal Justice with an awkward request: They asked nine governor-appointed board members to relinquish their control over the Texas prison system's little-known public defender's office.
O'Neil ran the trial section at the State Counsel for Offenders (SCFO), which is overseen by the state prison board, until 2000, when they say they felt forced to resign. O'Neil is one of many former SCFO employees now urging officials to fix what appears to be an anomaly of the Texas criminal justice system: an indigent defense office for prisoners that's controlled by the state prison board. O'Neil and other defense lawyers claim that interference and influence from state prison officials essentially made it impossible for them to do their jobs — namely, to defend poor inmates accused of committing crimes inside Texas prisons.
At their quarterly meeting on Friday, O'Neil told the prison board that it was time to get behind reforms to make SFCO an independent state agency with its own board.
“Frankly, it was an ethical minefield,” O'Neil said of their time at SCFO. “I've kept in touch with many of the attorneys who go through that office, and morale is bad. The same kind of problems have continued over the years. Some have even gotten worse.”
O'Neil and other attorneys claim that prison officials who had a hand in prosecuting their clients influenced and sometimes outright interfered with their defense work. O'Neil says that when they were at SCFO, they asked a prison official for money to pay for training for one of their attorneys who was about to try their first capital murder case.
“The response was, ‘Yes, you have the money, but no, I don't think you should go,'” O'Neil told the board. “The deputy director had no ill will, but he's not a defense attorney.”
Problems at SCFO have bubbled to the surface in recent years amid the near-implosion of Texas' controversial civil commitment program for sex offenders.
While SCFO lawyers represent poor inmates accused of crimes in lockup, they also defend sex offenders that prosecutors and prison officials consider too dangerous for release into the community, even after they've finished their lengthy prison terms. Under Texas' “sexually violent predator” law, prosecutors use the civil courts to force those men into a post-prison sex offender treatment program, a process called “civil commitment.” Thanks to reform the Legislature passed in 2015, that treatment is now provided by a scandal-plagued private prison contractor operating out of an old Panhandle detention center, where men committed to the program are now indefinitely confined.
As I've written previously, the former head of SCFO's civil commitment section claims they were abruptly reassigned and told to “fly under the radar” when they began challenging in court what they saw as fundamental legal flaws with Texas' civil commitment program. For instance, prior to their reassignment, they forced the recusal of former state district court judge Michael Seiler, who once presided over the state's only court for civil commitment cases. Seiler had bragged about keeping a gun in their lap during hearings, campaigned for the bench as a “prosecutor to judge the predators,” and was eventually scolded by the state's judicial conduct commission for how they “berated and belittled” SCFO lawyers in their court.
Other current and former SCFO lawyers claim higher-ups have told them to back off on cases that would be inconvenient or costly for prison officials or prosecutors. In an anonymous survey recently conducted by a State Bar of Texas committee, some claimed that higher-ups had prohibited them from filing motions to assist mentally ill clients or even forced them to withdraw from certain cases. Some said they were directed to make harmful legal decisions after their bosses consulted with the state prison board that oversees the agency.
“I've kept in touch with many of the attorneys who go through that office, and morale is bad. The same kind of problems have continued over the years. Some have even gotten worse.”
The situation got so bad that starting in 2014, the Texas Criminal Defense Lawyers Association began discouraging members from taking jobs with the office.
It's unclear whether the Texas Board of Criminal Justice, or lawmakers for that matter, will entertain the idea of an independent prisoner defender service. The board on Friday had few questions for O'Neil, who chairs a corrections committee for the criminal defense lawyers association and presented the group's concerns. State prison officials wouldn't respond to my requests for comment this week. SCFO officials have in the past refused to discuss the complaints against the agency.
O'Neil assured the board that internal conflicts will persist as long as prison officials oversee and work under the same umbrella as the public defender's office.
“We're by no means implying any bad faith or ill intent on the part of the board members or any [Texas Department of Criminal Justice] leadership,” they said. “The problem is a structural one. It goes back more than 40 years. It may have even seemed like a good idea at the time, but the materials that we have provided to you show that this is an agency more than overdue for some change.”
Jan Watt, Tom Marshal, Roger Hogg and Chris De Vere not happy about changes to the dump hours of the Imbil dump.
Jan Watt, Tom Marshal, Roger Hogg and Chris De Vere not happy about changes to the dump hours of the Imbil dump. Renee Albrecht
Letter to Editor
Council silence on Imbil rubbish queries 'deafening'
MORE than two months have elapsed since the management at Gympie Regional Council, supported by councillors, introduced the new waste management policy to the Imbil area.
READ MORE: Gympie residents not buying new dump fees
READ MORE: Gympie's dumps to get a second look from council
Of major concern is the fact that to-date there has been no formal advice to residents, have been no bins supplied, no overt action by council to establish bin cluster collection points and no proper arrangements made for residents to dispose of rubbish.
Council's silence in responding to the questions and concerns of residents, both on this and other issues has been deafening, with formal requests for information (in writing) addressed to both the CEO and Mayor unanswered.
Imbil dump. Renee Albrecht
It is obvious NASA will not be recruiting from the management of Gympie Regional Council at any time in the future and that the question of how council's CEO and waste services manager continue to retain employment in any capacity, with any organisation is one of life's great mysteries.
Fortunately for ratepayers, the tenure of our elected representatives is dependent upon public support through the electoral process and therefore in light of this and other issues, is becoming increasingly tenuous.
David McNamara,
Moy Pocket
Keep reading for more letters to the editor
Mystery of loss could become a Christmas miracle
A GENTLEMAN in Gympie must be beside themselves with grief at their recent loss - but their identity is unknown.
They must be in deep mourning because their loss surely constituted one of their most prized possessions. It is, in fact, the stuff of legends, a building block of Australian folklore, a conversation piece, maybe even an heirloom.
The cherished item was there one moment, then it was gone. Their size 57 Akubra Cattleman hat had vanished.
Film stars, politicians, royalty, the posh and not-so-posh, all have worn in - then worn with love and pride - the iconic Akubra whose name is said to originate from an Aboriginal word for head covering. The Akubra is not just a cover; it's a personality add-on, an assertion of self, a statement that boldly declares "I am, because I'm Australian”.
Aussies love their Akubras, and one Gympie man is missing his. contributed
Benjamin Dunkerley couldn't have imagined what they were starting when they opened their humble hat factory in Hobart in 1874, from where would emerge the forerunners of one of the world's most loved and long-lived hat brands.
But there's always a cheeky angle to an Akubra, and no less so to this story. You see, although the owner lost their Akubra, their beloved Akubra is not lost. It is, in fact, in the very capable care of the staff of The Gympie Times. And we would dearly love to reunite it with its rightful owner who should phone 5480 4200. It's sure to be a Christmas present he'll never forget.
Gary Dixon,
Gympie
Drought assistance
AS RAINBOW Beach Droughtrunners continues to deliver much needed food parcels to the Longreach area I can give an up-to-date prognosis on conditions out west. The country from the Coast to the Mitchell area looked in great shape as I recently returned. From there you could see where there had been patchy rains. Morven area did not look good, and Tambo was very bad. The result of storm rains were observed through to Barcaldine but as you headed to Longreach the country got worse. Some good isolated falls have been received towards Winton and Muttaburra.
As I deliver food parcels to Centacare and St Brigids in Longreach the mood is sombre as the co-ordinators are flat out delivering food parcels to needy families and dealing with mental health issues.
Government assistance for many on the land is virtually non-existent as any household support stopped after three years. No stock, no income, no jobs so it's a hard life out west.
Many families have walked or will walk as banks move in when the season improves. A big thank you to all who have donated food parcels and Christmas presents that go west. Donations from Tin Can Bay have been unbelievable followed by Rainbow Beach and western Victoria. A big thank you to Bernard Petroleum. Anyone wanting can donate at your Local IGA or BOQld Gympie BSB 124047 A/C 22599186 (RainbowBeach Droughtrunners).
Tony Stewart,
Rainbow Beach
JOBS: URA Domestic Taxes Officers (21 positions)
JOB OPENINGS
1) Domestic Taxes Officers (21)
Uganda Revenue Authority (URA) is looking for competent, innovative and self-driven persons with proven integrity, problem-solving, analytical and interpersonal skills with ability to handle multiple tasks and work in teams. Interested persons with requisite qualifications and passion for excellence are hereby invited to seize the following opportunities;
1) Domestic Taxes Officers (21)
2) Officer Language Specialists (4)
3) Officers Taxpayer Register Expansion Program TREP (4)
4) Customs Officers (20)
TO APPLY Visit URA website: https//ura.go.ug and follow the link “CAREERS EXPERIENTIAL HIRING” to view detailed job description of the roles and responsibilities.
Ura Experiential Hiring and Trep Officers by The Independent Magazine on Scribd
The post JOBS: URA Domestic Taxes Officers (21 positions) appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss on the very same green carpet, they came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, she's just the second German shepherd champion at the event that began in 1877.
“Unbelievable,” handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled something of a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when they suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
The 5-year-old Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
“The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility,” judge Thomas Bradley III said. “When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is.  They are just magnificent.”
Rumor is named for the hit song “Rumor Has It” by Adele, a champion themselves after sweeping the major categories at the Grammy Awards on Sunday.
This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be their last major show.
“She's going to be relaxing for a while,” Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are “puppies in their future.”
Clearly the crowd favorite, Rumor came out flying into the best-of-seven final ring to fans whistling and calling them name.
Rumor raised up for a well-deserved treat right after the win. Moments later, as Boyles did post-show interviews, Rumor spotted them and ran toward the man who guided them to victory.
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
The moment any German shepherd steps into the ring at the Garden, the crowd goes crazy.
New Yorkers just love 'em.
Some say it's because rooting for a German shepherd is the same as putting on an NYPD or FDNY hat, standing up for a dog that stood tall at a time of the city's greatest need.
“My sentiments, exactly,” Boyles said.
While German shepherds hadn't won a lot here, many of them were on the green carpet of the center ring in 2002 when Westminster honored search and rescue dogs for their tireless work at the World Trade Center and Pentagon following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The solemn tribute is considered by many the most cherished memory ever at Westminster.
“They're loyal, dependable dogs that you can count on,” Boyles said.
Rumor nearly won Westminster last year. They came to town as the nation's No. 1 show dog with more than 100 overall ribbons but was beaten in a surprise by a German shorthaired pointer named CJ.
In fact, when the judge began to announce their champion pick with “German sh…,” Boyles took a step forward, anticipating the prize.
“I was thinking,” Boyles said.
That was supposed to be Rumor's last show, and they were set to head home with Boyles to Edgerton, Wisconsin, to be a house pet and have puppies. They didn't conceive and late in the year, Boyles thought twice about Rumor's retirement.
“She liked to show and was in good shape, so we thought, why not?” they said.
Rumor went back on the circuit in January for 10 shows. They won the herding group Monday night at the Garden, beating top show favorite Preston the puli.
They topped that with the ultimate win at America's most prestigious dog show, rewarding the faith German shepherd fans always show in them.
“It's a recognizable dog, people have liked them for a long, long time,” WKC President Sean McCarthy said earlier. “I think it goes back to Rin Tin Tin.”
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
Edwin Eze: The immortality of the last rangers Trojan scribe
“In 1991, Austin Okocha had played themselves into Rangers International FC to join their immediate elder brother Emma Okocha, who had earlier played for Vasco Dagama and Nigeria U-17 team. Austin's trip to Lagos against ACB Football Club of Lagos changed their lives and football career for good. Rangers FC coaches had debated whether to carry Austin or not as an “extra luggage,” a term used for the 17th player, who was taken along in case of unforeseen eventualities in the long distance trip for a League match.”
See Edwin Eze, Emma Okocha, Rangers International FC….History of a People, Snaap Press, May 2017, Page 97.
Okocha, after an intense lobby and persuasion on their behalf to the coaches by the young Rangers secretary, made the team to Lagos and was brought in to replace their elder brother, Emma, who had developed a groin injury. Some foreign agents, who had come to watch Monday Odiaka from ACB Lagos, play their last match before jetting outside Nigeria, saw Austin Okocha's touches and settled for him. Incidentally, Monday Odiaka was dropped and those agents picked Austin Okocha and from there, Jay – Jay the magician, the Germans tag, Wunderbar, transformed their abject poverty heritage. From the midfield, Jay-Jay dominated a hilarious generation of black African football.
Until their death few weeks ago, Edwin Eze, that young secretary that pleaded with the coaches to give Jay –Jay a chance, was badgering gorgeous, as Alexander the Great. Alexander, the Prince from Macedonia, the most beautiful, had attracted the wrath of the gods. Their status and mouthwatering Ethiopian features propelled by a steel ambition of a grand territorial expansion of the Greek empire, threatened the position of the gods. Consequently, the gods accosted him, ordering them to choose out of only two options; a long life of listless purpose, or a short passage of impacting footprints. Alexander the great opened their blue eyes and elected a brief sojourn of asterisk achievements. Accordingly, on their death at the age of 32, Alexander had unified the incessant warring factions of the city states. From there, they sailed to the Mediterranean, conquered Egypt and founded the city of Alexandria. From Egypt, Alexander entered the history books, as the only military General, who had attempted and indeed succeeded in conquering the world!
Unlike Alexander the Great, Edwin Eze's death at the age of 56 meant they did not choose a very young life. All the same, their grit, discipline, athletic prowess and outstanding field victories at a particularly sad and mournful period of our people's history; inspired, uplifted those despairing youths, the children of parents, who faced and withstood the consequences of losing a civil war. Watching the Rangers presently, get clobbered by all and sundry, Edwin Eze would go away from the shadows and weep.
Like Alexander the Great, they were super gifted and was in a hurry. They combined their handsome features with broad intellectual prolifigacy acquired from their painstaking and backbreaking marriage to books. They read themselves into Calabar University, graduated to join my G.O.C. Regiment, then blossoming at the Satellite village, Enugu. That Regiment attracted eggheads like Professor Okey Ndibe, the One-eyed General C Don, the late Chike Akabuogu and the APGA Chairman, Danquay Oye. Okey Ndibe, was covering wrestling, Danquay Oye was the Base Commander, Akabuogu was flying the Concord and died in action in the last battle for Lagos! Whatever were their special contributions to the spectacular rise of that unforgettable provincial Daily, it was Air Marshall Edwin Eze that eventually took over officially, the Command of that moribund G.O.C. Sports Regiment.
Edwin Eze, last year, was meritoriously appointed Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture, Enugu. With that elevation, they joined the few out of millions of bureaucrats whose advisory roles and planning for governments currently, totter the development strides and the productive schedule register of their colonial predecessors. In their brief tenure as the Permanent Secretary, Edwin Eze demystified the place and brought farmers to hug the different national and foreign programmes initiated by the state government to increase productivity. I saw them on television ride in keke, on motorbikes to agric. seminars, mobilising the leaders and the superintendents back to the farms.
In a hurry to stave off starvation, they ran the race and from their sports background, they had the energy and accomplished. To the public and the media, they demonstrated an uncommon public relations élan. They had the education and their ministry was outpacing the other ministries in bringing the government and the people together to farm the land. Collaborating with them in writing the Rangers FC, a history of a people, I noticed Edwin Eze was very much in a hurry. Battling all odds in search of a classic, they did everything, including staying all nights for the book to be published before Christmas. This work is a combination of my twenty years research and their over two decades of service to that great African clubside; as the information officer, secretary, variously acting as the team manager. Going through the book again and again, it will be fair to actually label them the first and last true team manager of the Rangers International FC. Even though they were already a Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture, the information ministry where they served as director, would at any given opportunity, come for their advice. Before their death, the Rangers were dwindling into an indomie foraging assembly and Edwin was worried to the bones. As we finished the book, and set to print, they rushed from their office and handed to me all their collections, items, clippings, mementos, pictures, publications of the Rangers FC. “G.O.C., adi ama ama, this book must conclude on building an archival centre to serve as a monument and permanent indentation etch of the glorious history of our people… These boys have to know the history they are carrying on their shoulders… when they step into the field. Those last lines are my prescriptions for the revival of the Rangers International FC and I'm surrendering all these to you in trust… Whatever happens, I pray a Rangers Archival Centre would be built after we are done with our work…”
Two weeks after Rangers International FC…. History of a People was published, Edwin Boy Eze, the air martial, sports impresario, great sports writer, editor, erudite author, football club secretary, peerless bureaucrat, permanent secretary gave up the ghost.
Edwin Eze's golden footprints on the sands of time would be etched on the marble of the Rangers Archive Centre and Hall of Fame. Edwin Boy Eze is immortal. They were our last Rangers Trojan scribe. Edwin Eze with their collaboration in the Rangers International FC…. History of a People; Edwin Eze in their hurry to accomplish on earth and bomb the heavens, wrote themselves to immortality.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Entertainment of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: yen.com.gh
2017-10-06
Rapper Medikal
Rapper, Medikal has come to the defense of Patapaa, the Swedru-based artiste behind the popular ‘One Corner' song over criticisms with some strong words for pastors describing the song as demonic.
In a strongly worded tweet on Friday, the ‘Too Risky' rapper who is on a tour in Europe descended heavily on the pastors whom they described as fake and asked to shut up. The “One Corner” song and its accompanying dance has divided public opinion like no other song this year.
While many see it as entertaining and a means to release stress, others have condemned it as lacking substance and not necessary. Within the past week, the criticisms have taken a new dimension with a number of pastors alleging that Patapaa fortified the song with some ‘juju' to make it hit and hence it was demonic.
One of them, Founder and Leader of Heaven's Gate Ministry, Nicholas Osei popularly known as Prophet Kumchacha has indicated their intention of seeking a court injunction against the ‘meaningless' song to save lives as it was promoting promiscuity.
But in a sharp disagreement with these pastors, Medikal believes the song was making such waves because of Patapaa's hard work and not any juju as being peddled around.
‘One Corner' is a worldwide hit and Patapaa earned that through their hard work, all these dirty Scam Pastors should shut up!”, they said.
Patapaa who has had to deal with these criticisms each and every day since their song became a big deal was grateful for the support from Medikal and they tweeted: “@AmgMedikal bro thanks so much for this tweet I appreciate… RESPECT N GOD BLESS… Puff… Puff… Puff Gang.”
One corner is a worldwide hit and Patapaa earned that through their hard work, all these dirty Scam Pastors should shut up ! — MEDiKAL (@AmgMedikal) October 6, 2017
Man allegedly kills their 8-month pregnant lover in Abuja for not washing their clothes (Photo)
When Hannah, a native of Benue State, moved in with Matthew a few years ago, they had hoped that they would become husband and wife. After bearing three female children in quick succession for Matthew, the Tiv native had hoped earnestly that their fourth pregnancy would bring a male child, so that, perhaps, Matthew would […]
The post Man allegedly kills their 8-month pregnant lover in Abuja for not washing their clothes (Photo) appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ATLANTA (AP) — World Wrestling Entertainment says pro wrestling legend Ric Flair is out of surgery and resting after being hospitalized.
The statement Monday did not give details about the nature of the surgery.
A representative for the showman known as “Nature Boy” says the 68-year-old wrestler was admitted to the hospital for routine monitoring. Melinda Morris Zanoni of Legacy Talent asked on Twitter Monday for “prayers & positive energy” because Flair has “tough medical issues.”
Former pro wrestler Mick Foley and wrestling executive Eric Bischoff are among numerous wrestlers wishing Flair well on Twitter.
Known for their flamboyant outfits and “Woooo!” catchphrase, Flair made their professional debut in 1972 and was inducted into the World Wrestling Entertainment Hall of Fame in 2008.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
Special Counsel Robert Mueller is investigating Donald Trump for possible obstruction of justice in the Russia probe, according to the Washington Post:
The move by special counsel Robert S. Mueller III to investigate Trump's conduct marks a major turning point in the nearly year-old FBI investigation, which until recently focused on Russian meddling during the presidential campaign and on whether there was any coordination between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin. Investigators have also been looking for any evidence of possible financial crimes among Trump associates, officials said.
Trump had received private assurances from then-FBI Director James B. Comey starting in January that they were not personally under investigation. Officials say that changed shortly after Comey's firing.
Read the full report HERE.
Dino Melaye: Senator unresponsive while being stretchered into hospital [VIDEO]
A viral video has shown the moment Senator representing Kogi West at the National Assembly, Dino Melaye was stretchered into a hospital in Abuja. The Senator had attempted to escape from the police while being transfered from Abuja to Kogi State to be paraded. Following the development, the lawmaker injured themselves and was taken to […]
Dino Melaye: Senator unresponsive while being stretchered into hospital [VIDEO]
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOS ANGELES – Harvey Weinstein, the larger-than-life Hollywood executive and Oscar-winner, is taking a leave of absence from their own company after an explosive expose revealing decades of sexual harassment against women, from employees to actor Ashley Judd, was published in The New York Times Thursday.
The article includes first person accounts of Weinstein's alleged conduct, including from Judd, who recounts an incident from two decades ago in which they said they were asked to meet Weinstein in their hotel room. Weinstein greeted them wearing a bathrobe and asked them if they would give them a massage or watch them shower, the paper reported.
“Women have been talking about Harvey amongst ourselves for a long time, and it's simply beyond time to have the conversation publicly,” Judd told the Times.
Two unnamed company officials tell the Times that at least eight women have received settlements from Weinstein over the years, including actor Rose McGowan, who allegedly had an incident with them in 1997 when they were 23.
Other stories include similar accounts of Weinstein coercing young women into giving them massages, while naked, or watching them shower, and promising career advancement in return. These incidents were all said to have happened in hotel rooms.
Weinstein's attorney Charles J. Harder said in a statement that the story is “saturated with false and defamatory statements about Harvey Weinstein.”
“We sent the Times the facts and evidence, but they ignored it and rushed to publish,” Harder said. They did not respond to questions about what specific allegations Weinstein was contesting.
“We are confident in the accuracy of our reporting,” said a New York Times spokesperson in a statement. “Mr. Weinstein was aware and able to respond to specific allegations in our story before publication. In fact, we published their response in full.”
Requests for comment from The Weinstein Co. and Judd were not immediately returned.
Weinstein, 65, had a powerful perch in Hollywood for three decades, and was known for producing films like “Pulp Fiction” and “Shakespeare in Love,” for which they won an Oscar. They have also launched the careers of numerous actores and directors and executed extremely successful Oscar campaigns with their company Miramax, which they ran with their brother Bob Weinstein.  They are also an executive producer of the hit reality series “Project Runway.”
In 2005, the Weinstein brothers launched a new production company, The Weinstein Co. Known for their angry outbursts, their often aggressive tactics were chronicled in the Peter Biskind book “Down and Dirty Pictures.”
They also executive produced five best picture winners, including “The English Patient,” ”Chicago,“ ”The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King,“ ”The King's Speech,“ and ”The Artist,“ and garnered many nominations for their films and actors.
“I appreciate the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain, and I sincerely apologize for it,” Weinstein said in a statement. “Though I'm trying to do better, I know I have a long way to go.”
Their statement did not address any specific incidents.
Weinstein has been married to designer Georgina Chapman since 2007, they have two children together. They have three children from their previous marriage.
In Weinstein's lengthy statement, in which they quote a Jay-Z lyric about being a better man for their children, they reference coming of age in the 60s and 70s when, “all the rules about behaviour and workplaces were different.”
“I want a second chance in the community but I know I've got work to do to earn it,” they wrote.
Weinstein quickly became a trending topic on Twitter. Lena Dunham wrote that the women, “who chose to speak about their experience of harassment by Harvey Weinstein deserve our awe. It's not fun or easy. It's brave.”
McGowan, who has spoken out in the past about rape and harassment issues, also tweeted Thursday. They did not name anyone, but said that “anyone who does business with (blank space) is complicit.”
“Women fight on. And to the men out there, stand up. We need you as allies,” they wrote.
The Weinstein Company has in recent years suffered from a string of executive exits, mounting lawsuits and increasingly hectic distribution decisions.
In 2016, the company didn't receive a best-picture nomination for the first time since 2008. Weinstein returned to the category with “Lion” at this year's Oscars, but their preeminence as an Academy Awards heavyweight has undeniably waned.
Money problems have plagued the company intermittently since 2009, when it entered bankruptcy. But last year, The Weinstein Company continually shuffled release dates and delayed films amid reports that it was too cash-strapped to put a full slate of films into theatres. Some 50 staffers were let go last year.
Movies like “The Founder” and “Tulip Fever” were juggled over numerous release date shifts. After “The Founder,” with Michael Keaton, was released in January along with the Matthew McConaughey-led “Gold,” the co-financier of “The Founder,” FilmNation, sued The Weinstein Company for $15 million, alleging Weinstein violated the non-compete clause of their agreement.
The Weinstein Company had a modest hit this summer with the acclaimed thriller “Wind River.” The $11 million film has made $33 million. But the company's fall season awards hopeful “The Current War,” with Benedict Cumberbatch, premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival to withering reviews.
AP Film Writer Jake Coyle contributed from New York.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
One of the major perks of being an UPROXX dink (aside from the $500 mil annually and the crystal palace where we keep our matching jumpsuits stored) is sifting through the year's elite bloopz. 2016 provided tons of gaffes and goof-em-ups and once again the folks coming off the best are the ones that lean into the silly situation. It sounds strange, but you'd rather be in a year-end blooper roundup for doing a silly jig or dressing like a dinosaur to work, rather than just being the guy at work that blurts “f*ck” while on the air.
As is their custom, NewsBeFunny has wrangled together a mesmerizing supercut of all the odd and outrageous moments from TV weather in 2016. “Mini-Meteorologist” Anna is arguably the star attraction of this highlight reel bringing a special brand of charisma and willingness to incorporate dance to their appearance, but Shep Smith informing Fox News vidwers about how we're all merciless before the will of hurricanes is neat too. A touch bleaker, mind you.
All the cloud wangs, UK gigglefits and stray Lokis you can handle are nestled comfortably within this zippy video. Watch it curled up in the comfort that more goofs are inevitable for 2017.
(Via NewsBeFunny)
Man allegedly kills their 8-month pregnant lover in Abuja for not washing their clothes (Photo)
When Hannah, a native of Benue State, moved in with Matthew a few years ago, they had hoped that they would become husband and wife. After bearing three female children in quick succession for Matthew, the Tiv native had hoped earnestly that their fourth pregnancy would bring a male child, so that, perhaps, Matthew would […]
The post Man allegedly kills their 8-month pregnant lover in Abuja for not washing their clothes (Photo) appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
London Mayor Says Questions Need To Be Answered After Deadly Tower Block Fire
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said questions will need to be answered over the safety of tower blocks after several people were killed on Wednesday when a fire engulfed a 24-storey building.
Some residents said they had been advised they should stay in their flats in the event of a fire, while the block's residents association had previously warned it was worried about the risk of a serious fire.
“These questions are really important questions that need to be answered,” Khan told BBC Radio.
“Across London we have many, many tower blocks and what we can't have is a situation where people's safety is put at risk because of bad advice being given or if it is the case, as has been alleged, of tower blocks not being properly serviced or maintained.”
Fire engulfed a 24-storey block of flats in central London on Wednesday, killing some people, injuring at least 50 more and trapping some residents asleep inside the towering inferno.
Flames licked up the sides of the block in the north Kensington area as 200 firefighters, backed up by 40 fire engines, fought the blaze for hours.
Plumes of black and grey smoke billowed high into the air over the British capital hours after the blaze broke out at the Grenfell Tower where several hundred people live.
Residents rushed to escape through smoke-filled corridors in the housing block after being woken up by the smell of burning. Some said no fire alarm sounded.
Witnesses said they saw trapped residents desperately shouting for help from windows on upper floors as flames enveloped the building.
London Fire Brigade said the fire engulfed all floors from the second to the top of the block which contained 130 apartments.
“In my 29 years of being a firefighter, I have never ever seen anything of this scale,” London Fire Brigade Commissioner Dany Cotton told reporters
“I am very sad to confirm that there have been a number of fatalities, I cannot confirm the number at this time due to the size and complexity of this building.”
London Ambulance Service said more than 50 people had been taken to hospital.
A witness told Reuters they feared not all the residents had escaped the fire.
Some were evacuated in their pyjamas.
“I looked through the spy hole and I could see smoke everywhere and the neighbours are all there. There's a firefighter shouting ‘get down the stairs',” one of the block's residents, Michael Paramasivan, told BBC radio. “It was an inferno.”
“As we went past the fourth floor it was completely thick black smoke. As we've gone outside I'm looking up at the block and it was just going up. It was like pyrotechnics. It was just unbelievable how quick it was burning.”
The cause of the fire, which broke out just before 1 a.m. (0000 GMT), was not known, the Fire Brigade said.
Residents said repairs had been made recently to the exterior of the block.
Ash Sha, 30, who witnessed the fire and has an aunt in the building who managed to escape from the second floor, said the local council had renovated the tower. (NAN)
The post London Mayor Says Questions Need To Be Answered After Deadly Tower Block Fire appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. [...]
Meek Mill has finally been released from prison – New York Daily News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Entertainment - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Nollywood Actor, Emeka Ike, has castigated their ex-wife, Suzanne, saying not all wives should be called mothers as even rats give birth to babies. The actor questioned why they should appreciate their ex-wife for their children when they were just a wife and not a mother to them. This was in a reaction to a […]
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - A judge declared a mistrial Monday in the retrial of an undocumented immigrant accused of being the driver in a San Ysidro, California hit-and-run crash which seriously injured a young boy.
Constantino Banda Acosta was charged with the crash on May 6, 2017.
Investigators said Banda ran a stop sign and crashed their pickup truck into the Lake family's Honda Accord.
6-year-old Lennox Lake was in a child safety seat at the back of the car. They suffered serious head injuries.
Banda left the scene but was arrested about two miles away after Border Patrol agents spotted their damaged truck parked on a street, police said.
During Banda's first trial, their passenger, Jorge Adame Ariza, also an undocumented immigrant from Mexico, testified under a grant of immunity during the defendant's two-day preliminary hearing in June that they and Banda had a number of beers that night before the accident.
Adame said Banda got into a fight with another man outside a Chula Vista restaurant. Adame told them they picked up Banda but later moved into the passenger seat with Banda behind the wheel during the crash.
San Diego police Officer Michael Muniz testified in the first trial that Banda's blood-alcohol content measured .151 and .152 percent -- the legal limit is .08 -- during two breathalyzer tests.
Federal immigration officials said Banda has been deported from the United States at least 15 times over the past 15 years, most recently on January 18.
A judge will decide Friday whether a third trial will take place.
BREAKING: ALL PARTY MEETING IN DARJEELING ON FEBRUARY 8 GTA chairperson Mr. Binay Tamang has just announced the next All Party Meeting is scheduled to be held in Darjeeling on February 8, during the Chief Minister four days visit in Darjeeling. 831 total views, 831 views today Comments comments 831 total views, 831 views today
Darjeeling Tea production falls 65% low Darjeeling Tea has lost over 65% of its production in 2017 according to data published by the Tea Board of India. The Total tea production in Darjeeling was 8.13 Million kilos in 2016, however, it has been decreased to 2.82 Million kilos in 2017. 833 total views, 833 views today Comments comments 833 total views, 833 views today
GJMM trade union threats GJMM trade union has threatened to stop dispatch the first flush tea from the gardens of the hills if bonus dues are not paid immediately. As agreed to pay the bonus 19.75% last year, however, only half of the bonus has been paid to the workers so far. 842 total views, […] 842 total views, 842 views today
JAP activists detained in Delhi JAP activists were detained for breaking the security barricade in New Delhi during their ongoing dharna for Gorkhaland on Thursday, activists were released later in the day. 856 total views, 856 views today Comments comments 856 total views, 856 views today
Emirates SkyCargo unveils Valentine's Day decal on 777F
Emirates SkyCargo, the freight division of Emirates airline, has unveiled a unique decal featuring a rose on one of its Boeing 777F aircraft for Valentine's day. The decal, installed at the Emirates Aircraft Appearance Centre in Dubai, is the first of its kind for Emirates SkyCargo and highlights the strong contribution made by the air cargo carrier to the floriculture industry through the transport of fresh flowers across the world. One of the first ports of call for the aircraft will be Nairobi in Kenya, where the aircraft will be loaded with a consignment of flowers headed to Amsterdam—the world's largest flower distribution center.
Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo's 10-year-old Amur tiger (Panthera tigris altaica), Changbai, gave birth on Nov. 25 to four tiger cubs, although only two survived. The two surviving cubs, both females, were removed from Changbai when they showed no interest in taking care of them. Both two-week-old cubs are in seclusion in the Zoo hospital, housed in a 90-degree ambient temperature enclosure, with a base warmed to 85 degrees to sustain the cubs' warmth.
“We are hand feeding the babies five times a day,” explained Zoo Director Gregg Dancho. “They are being given a feline milk replacement formula, supplemented with vitamins. They are a little underweight, possibly due to the age of their mother and the fact that there were four kittens in the litter.” Survival of the two remaining cubs is still a challenge. Zoo veterinarians and animal care staff are doing everything they can to get them through this critical time. It will be several more weeks before the cubs will be available for viewing by the public.
Zoo staff was aware of the tiger's pregnancy through fecal hormone testing, and had been keeping a 24-hour watch on Changbai for the past few weeks. A female tiger at the age of ten has only a twenty percent change of a successful pregnancy, so good husbandry and a quick response from the animal care team makes a difference. When Zoo staff saw the firstborn kitten unresponsive and that Changbai was disinterested in grooming or nursing the remaining kittens, a decision was made to remove them to begin feeding. A second kitten died later that night.
Zoo veterinarians and animal care staff are providing around the clock care and supervision for the remaining cubs. The two kittens' survival is an important step forward in maintaining the genetic diversity of Amur tigers worldwide, a critically endangered species that is rapidly disappearing from the wild. The kittens' survival to two weeks was a critical milestone, but it will be another few weeks before they can be considered out of danger.
Dancho said that every possible effort was being made to help the kittens survive.“The birth of these kittens brings a few more precious tigers to the population, which can help ensure the survival of these majestic animals for future generations.”
Bridgeport Mayor Joseph P. Ganim said, “The news of two tiger cubs born at our own Beardsley Zoo is very exciting. I have to commend the staff at the Zoo for all they do caring for the animals, and most recently, for providing the conditions that led to the miracle of these valuable baby cubs. If you didn't already have enough reason to visit Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo in Bridgeport, now you have two new very cute reasons.”
Amur tigers, also known as Siberian tigers, are very rare. According to the Association of Zoos and Aquariums' (AZA) statistics, today's tigers are thought to occupy less than seven percent of their original range. Threatened by habitat loss and degradation, poaching, tiger-human conflict, and loss of prey, four of nine subspecies have disappeared from the wild just in the past hundred years. The future of the Amur tiger has been a major concern of the world's zoos for many years.
All tigers now have protected status in the wild, but that doesn't guarantee their safety. A breeding program recommendation comes from the Species Survival Plan (SSP), administered by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums in accredited zoos. Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo is home to the parents, a male, Petya, and a female, Changbai, who joined the Zoo family last winter. Managed by the SSP, inter-regional transfers are arranged with careful attention to gene diversity in the hope that successful breeding will take place. Chang was sent to Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo as an excellent genetic match to the Zoo's resident male tiger.
Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo will provide update on the kittens' condition on its website and on Facebook.
About Amur tigers
The Amur, or Siberian tiger, is a rare subspecies of tiger, and the largest cat in the world. Adult male tigers can weigh up to 675 pounds, with females weighing up to 350 pounds. Chang is small for a female Amur tiger, weighing 297 pounds. Similar to people's fingerprints, no two tigers have the same striped pattern. Amur tigers differ from other tigers with fewer, paler stripes, and a mane that helps to keep them warm. They live in southeast Russia as well as small areas of China and North Korea. They live for 10-15 years in the wild, and up to 22 years in captivity.
About Connecticut's Beardsley Zoo
Connecticut's only zoo, celebrating its 95th anniversary this year, features 300 animals representing primarily North and South American species. Visitors can visit Amur (Siberian) tigers and leopard, Brazilian ocelot, Mexican wolves, and Golden Lion tamarins. Other highlights include the South American rainforest with free-flight aviary, the prairie dog exhibit with “pop-up” viewing areas, the New England Farmyard with goats, cows, pigs, sheep, and other barnyard critters, plus the hoofstock trail featuring bison, pronghorn, deer, and more. Guests can grab a bite at the Peacock Café, eat in the Picnic Grove, and enjoy a ride on the indoor carousel. For more information, visit beardsleyzoo.com.
Made any New Year's resolutions?
For those who did, chances are they plan to be a better person, according to the Marist Poll. The poll analyzed the top resolutions for the year and broke down the resolutions by demographics.
Being a better person led the way at 16 percent, while weight loss and exercising more tied for second at 10 percent. Improving finances, health and eating healthier all weighed in at 7 percent.
In 2016, weight loss was No. 1 at 12 percent, while getting a better job took second at 10 percent. Exercising more, quitting smoking and improving one's health all had nine percent.
Last year's resolutions were kept by 68 percent of people, according to the poll. The commitment to keeping the promise to oneself was up from 64 percent the previous year and was the highest mark since 2013, when 72 percent of those polled said they stuck with their goals.
For women in 2017, 19 percent mentioned being a better person than any other improvement. For men, being a better person tied exercising at 12 percent as the top goal.
The residents of the Umuchagu Osokwa community in Osisisoma Ngwa Local Government Area of Abia State, have arrested a middle-aged man, identified as Christopher Nwajei, who beheaded their mother in the area.
It was gathered that the suspect who is an apprentice welder, had on March 29, beheaded their mother, Cecilia, while they were preparing dinner at about 7.30p.m., on returning from the farm. The assailant reportedly collected some of their mother's blood and fled the community.
While speaking to a correspondent, a resident of the community, disclosed that the suspect was arrested in a bush on the outskirts of the community by a search party before they were handed over to police.
Nwajei, who blamed the devil for the action, confessed to have beheaded their mother because they told them that they are not a native of the Umuchagu Osokwa village. They denied collecting their blood for rituals.
The state's Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Geoffrey Ogbonna, who confirmed the arrest of the suspect, added that police are currently investigating the incident.
Sports News of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: GHANAsoccernet.com
2017-01-02
Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu and their teammates at the Alisa hotel.
Stand-in Black Stars captain Emmanuel Agyemang-Badu says their teammates are determined to win the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations to make president-elect Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo Addo proud.
The Udinese star spoke on behalf on their teammates after meeting with a two-man delegation from the incoming president.
”We want to congratulate the president-elect for the wonderful job they have done throughout the year and being elected next president of the the republic of Ghana,” they said.
“Secondly, the team is poised for action when the tournament starts on the 14th of January. We started our training three days ago and so far there's no injury in camp, everything is going on well.
”We are leaving here tomorrow to Dubai as president (Kwesi Nyantakyi) said to continue our intense training programmes.
”With the quality in camp, the cohesion and team spirit, I think Nana will be proud of us by the time the tournament ends.”
Stand in captain Emmanuel Agyemang Badu takes their turn to address the delegation. #joysports pic.twitter.com/J0OaHyL9Fs — #JoySports 99.7FM (@JoySportsGH) 1 January 2017
If you want to make your hair turn prematurely gray, raise your blood pressure, and go on an epic-level rant, just try to comprehend red snapper management. Then, try to understand virtually any fisheries management. It's tough – very tough – to understand what they're doing, and why. The first thing we need to point out is that the vast majority of the people working on fisheries management are good people, doing the best they can. It's easy to point fingers and lay blame, but it's MUCH harder to divvy up a valuable resource among various “stakeholders” in a way that makes sense. It's downright impossible to please everyone, while doing it. So if we can dispense with the name-calling, blame-laying, and vitriol right out of the gate, the entire conversation can be much more productive. Which leads us to one example of why this lofty goal is so difficult: red snapper.
Everyone's surely familiar with the red snapper debacle, which started off as a whopping-big three day season. Three measly days. This, when anglers out on the water knew darn well that there were gobs of snapper around. On the face of it the three-day season was utterly absurd. When Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross extended the season to 42 days, however, it was just as absurd – because it was illegal, clearly in violation of the Magnuson-Stevens act.
Hear me now, people: I am NOT saying I wish the season hadn't been extended to 42 days. I'm just saying that we all claim to be living in a country of laws, and it's ridiculous to cheer an action of the government that is clearly against the law, merely because it benefits us. I do believe that's an excellent example of hypocrisy, of which there is already more than enough to go around in the government.
I've spoken with a couple of people (you can still call them that, even though they live and work in Washington) who are hip-deep in federal fisheries management, and they've told me that the root of the problem is almost always poor science. So let's push for better science, by all means. But in the meantime, let's also recognize that a) whoever thought a three-day season was acceptable made a radically bad decision, and b) that bad decision was “fixed” in the worst possible way.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Check the Tom Petty tag on Uproxx and you'll see that in the days since the legendary rocker's passing, their songs have been covered a ton by a lot of your popular favorites. That may have something to do with what Taylor Swift called the “complex simplicity” of their songwriting: On the surface, the songs are simple and accessible, but there's a depth to them that allows anybody covering them to really explore and put their own spin on it.
The latest group to give this a go is The War On Drugs, whose unmistakably classic rock-inspired sounds lends itself perfectly to their cover of Petty's “Time To Move On” — from their 1994 album Wildflowers — which they performed last night during their tour stop at The Greek in Los Angeles.
Dual Tom Petty covers tonight – War On Drugs started their set with "Time To Move On" and opener Phoebe Bridgers introduced me to TP deep cut "It'll All Work Out" #Jeremysmonthofwaytoomanyconcerts #warondrugs #phoebebridgers A post shared by Jeremy Cohen (@citylifejc) on Oct 6, 2017 at 12:21am PDT
They actually opened their set with the Petty tribute before playing their own songs, a sign that Adam Granduciel have a lot of admiration and respect for Petty and their work. Also, according to one Instagram user, opener Phoebe Bridgers performed a cover of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers' “It'll All Work Out,” from their 1987 record Let Me Up (I've Had Enough).
Watch The War On Drugs cover “Time To Move On” above, and revisit our conversation with Granduciel here, and check out our review of the first show of their current tour here.
Ex-KKK chief asks to bar subpoena over Charlottesville rally
| By
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) – Former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke has asked a judge to block a subpoena in a federal lawsuit filed by 11 people injured during a violent clash between white nationalists and counterprotesters in Charlottesville last year.
The plaintiffs are seeking to compel Duke to turn over records related to communications they and other white nationalists had before the rally, along with records of efforts to solicit donations.
In court documents, Duke says the subpoena is overly broad and would impose “an undue burden and a significant expense” on him.
A woman was killed when a car drove into a crowd protesting the white nationalists.
Duke initially filed their request in Virginia, where the lawsuit is filed. A judge ruled it should have been filed in Louisiana, where Duke lives.
Any Nigerian anywhere is safe – Lai Mohammed
The minister of information, Lai Mohammed, has assured Nigerians that the federal government is on top situation and ‘that any Nigerian anywhere is safe, the security authorities are completely on top of the matter and that they will deal decisively with any group of people whose conduct that is believed is going to create instability in the country.'
Lai Mohammed said this while speaking with state house correspondents after the weekly federal executive council (FEC) meeting, Mohammed said all necessary efforts were being made to address the situation.
They said “We want to make comments on what is agitating the minds of Nigerians, that is the call for people from certain parts of the country to relocate to their region. Generally very disquieting voices,” they said.
“We just want to assure Nigerians that the federal government is on top of the matter and that yesterday (Tuesday), the acting president addressed leaders from the northern part of the country.
“He is going to address leaders from the southeastern part of the country. On Friday they are going to address south-eastern traditional rulers and leaders of thoughts.
“On June 22, there is going to be a meeting of all the groups that is, traditional rulers, religious leaders and leaders of thoughts from both the south-east and north part of Nigeria.
“The idea is not just to assure Nigerians that we are doing something about it but also to give comfort to all Nigerians that this matter is completely under control.
“To assure Nigerians that any Nigerian anywhere is safe, the security authorities are completely on top of the matter and that they will deal decisively with any group of people whose conduct that is believed is going to create instability in the country.
“So there is no need for anybody to panic, there is no need for anybody to move from any part of the country. The security agencies are on top of the matter and there is no reason for anybody to panic. ”
The post Any Nigerian anywhere is safe – Lai Mohammed appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A 48-year-old man with a history of arrests for “flashing” and drug offenses was charged on Wednesday, June 14 with indecent exposure and possession of drug paraphernalia in Fullerton.
Frank Xavier Vega, who was arrested on Monday, pleaded not guilty to two felony counts of indecent exposure and two misdemeanor counts of possession of a controlled substance. He's being held in lieu of $20,000 bail pending a June 22 pretrial hearing.
Vega was convicted on Jan. 19, 2006, of three counts of indecent exposure and one count each of child annoyance and being under the influence of a controlled substance — all misdemeanors, according to court records.
They pleaded guilty on March 8, 2012, to felony counts of possession of drugs and forgery of public or corporate seals and was sentenced to three years and four months in jail.
Court records also show they were convicted on May 8, 2001, of possession of drugs and again on Sept. 30, 2004, and pleaded guilty to possession of drugs on Aug. 24, 2007.
Their prior convictions elevated the most recent allegations to felonies.
Details on the current case were unclear, as messages left with the police department's public information officer were not immediately returned.
Gunmen kill police informant in A'Ibom – The Punch
Gunmen kill police informant in A'Ibom
The Punch
Etim Ekpimah, Uyo. Gunmen suspected to be cult members have killed a 65-year-old police informant, Raphael Udofia, who resided at 81 Ikpa Road in the Uyo Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State. The deceased was said to have been brutally shot and theirs …
and more »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Before making revisions Animal Care Services' strategic plan, the City is gathering public input on how to handle San Antonio's stray pet and animal population.
There are also suggested changes to the Chapter 5 animal ordinance, which include a ban on tethering animals overnight and a limit to how many animals an individual can legally own. Citizens can share feedback through a series of public meetings, which began in February and will continue until mid-May. Proposals for ordinance changes will be submitted to City Council later this year.
The next public meeting is scheduled tonight at Miller's Pond Community Center from 6:30 to 8 p.m. For more dates and an online version of the survey, click here.
Guests:
Officer Shannon Sims, assistant director of the City of San Antonio's Animal Care Services department
Lisa Norwood, public relations and outreach manager at the City of San Antonio's Animal Care Services department
*Audio for this segment will be available by 3:30 p.m. on Tuesday, April 18
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Biafra: IPOB mulls referendum
Leadership of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has decided to organise a referendum for the liberation of Biafrans from Nigeria. The organisation in a statement made available to newsmen, signed by the director of Media and Publicity, Emma Powerful, said the referendum would be a peaceful one and would be held in all Biafraland. According […]
The post Biafra: IPOB mulls referendum appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
An official says a suspected Islamist militant has died in an explosion inside a hotel in Bangladesh's capital during a raid on an alleged hideout.
Police chief A.K.M. Shahidul Hoque said that the man died in the explosion during the raid that began early Tuesday.
Police identified the man as Saiful Islam, a college student. Details of their allegiance to any Islamist groups were not immediately clear.
Some officials said a portion of the wall of the hotel fell from the force of the blasts.
It was not immediately clear if any other suspects were in the Hotel Olio International in downtown Dhaka.
Bangladesh has been experiencing a rise in Islamic militancy in recent years. Banned Islamist groups have targeted liberals, atheists and foreigners.
Sabrina Ionescu had 28 points and 11 assists to lead No. 6 Oregon to a 91-54 victory over No. 25 California on Friday night.
Ruthy Hebard added 18 points and 11 rebounds for the Ducks (21-3, 10-1 Pac-12), who have won 13 of their last 14 games. Ionescu's double-double was their 11th of the season and helped Oregon to its largest margin of victory in a conference game this season.
Jaelyn Brown led the Golden Bears (15-7, 6-5) with 14 points and Alaysia Styles added 12. Kristine Anigwe, California's leading scorer at 17.5 points per game, had just six to go with eight rebounds.
After a sluggish first quarter, Oregon pulled away with a 10-0 run in the second to take a 46-29 lead at the break. Ionescu had 15 points in the first half.
The Ducks dominated inside with a 40-28 rebound margin and 20-10 edge in second-chance points.
Ionescu was 9 of 13 from the field and 4 of 7 from 3-point range as Oregon finished 34 of 66 overall for 51.5 percent. The Golden Bears shot 21 of 55 for 38.2 percent.
BIG PICTURE
Oregon improved the nation's best home record to 14-0 after being bumped off the No. 4 line for the top seed in the Spokane Region by Notre Dame in Thursday's latest reveal by the NCAA selection committee. The Ducks are now fifth, with UConn, Mississippi State and Louisville holding the top three spots.
California, which is trying to reach the NCAA Tournament for the sixth time in Lindsay Gottlieb's seventh season as coach, is 0-7 against top 25 teams and 0-2 against the top 10. The Golden Bears face their eighth ranked team Sunday at Oregon State.
UP NEXT
California: Plays at No. 16 Oregon State on Sunday.
Oregon: Hosts No. 24 Stanford on Sunday.
CSX wants its shareholders to vote on the demands a hedge fund is making as it seeks to install the executive who led Canadian Pacific's turnaround at the U.S. railroad.
The Jacksonville, Florida-based CSX said Tuesday it will call a special shareholder meeting so investors can have a say on the requests from Paul Hilal's hedge fund, which it detailed in a statement.
The railroad said the hedge fund and railroad executive Hunter Harrison want excessive compensation and enough board seats to effectively control CSX even though the Mantle Ridge fund controls less than 5 percent of the railroad's stock.
CSX said it is open to hire Harrison to lead the railroad, but not on the expensive terms they want. The railroad said it estimates that Harrison's requested compensation would cost more than $300 million over four years with much of the payment coming up front.
"The CSX board believes such an employment arrangement for an incoming CEO is exceptionally unusual if not unprecedented," the railroad said in a statement.
The Mantle Ridge hedge fund said it holds 4.9 percent of CSX's stock and wants the railroad to install the operating model Harrison used at CP and Canadian National to reduce costs and improve profits.
Hilal said they had hoped to negotiate an agreement privately, but they welcomed the shareholder vote.
"We remain fully confident in a favorable outcome for CSX and its shareholders and are excited about the future," Hilal said.
The date of the special shareholder meeting has not been set, but investors must own CSX stock on March 16 to have a vote.
CSX Corp.'s current Chairman and CEO Michael Ward is nearing retirement, and the railroad said it was engaged in succession planning when it was approached by Hilal's hedge fund last month.
The 72-year-old Harrison retired last month from Canadian Pacific railroad several months earlier than they planned and negotiated an agreement that would let them work at either CSX or Norfolk Southern railroads.
Harrison came out of retirement in 2012 to lead Canadian Pacific after Pershing Square Capital took a large stake in the railroad and forced management changes.
A year ago, Harrison led a failed Canadian Pacific bid to acquire Norfolk Southern railroad. Canadian Pacific abandoned its roughly $30 billion bid for Norfolk Southern Corp. after encountering opposition from the railroad, politicians and some customers.
The defense team in Bill Cosby 's sexual assault retrial in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, rested its case on Monday, paving the way for key closing arguments Tuesday."You now have all the evidence," Judge Steven T. O'Neill told the 12 primary and six alternate jurors, before advising they "rest up" in anticipation of closing arguments.Seven men and five women, two African-Americans among them, will likely begin deliberations late Tuesday or on Wednesday morning.The hard-fought, high-profile case was marked by colorful witnesses, devastating cross-examinations and heartbreaking claims of abuse.Surprising new developments unfolded inside and outside of the courtroom, often on the same day.Earlier on Monday, the comedian informed the judge that they would exercise their right not to testify in their own defense, the same choice they made at last summer's trial, which ended in a hung jury and a mistrial.Cosby is charged with three counts of aggravated indecent assault for allegedly drugging and molesting Andrea Costand, the former director of operations for the women's basketball team at Temple University, where for years Cosby was a trustee and major financial donor.He has pleaded not guilty and has denied ever drugging or assaulting anyone.Of dozens of women who have come forward in recent years to accuse the entertainer of similar assaults stretching back to the 1960s, only Constand's allegations fall within the statute of limitations.During Monday morning's court session, the defense called two final witnesses to support their contention that Cosby wasn't at their Philadelphia estate in January 2004, the month during which Constand said they were assaulted.Prosecutors pointed out that records of performances and flight logs from their private jet did not necessarily mean they aren't in the Philadelphia area -- just that they hadn't performed or flown there.This time around, the same prosecution team faced off against an entirely new defense team, led by celebrity attorney Tom Mesereau, who mounted a far more aggressive strategy in defending Cosby than the previous team by focusing on attacking the credibility of Constand.It remains to be seen whether that more muscular strategy will pay off or backfire.The primary difference between Cosby's first trial and their second was that at last summer's trial the judge in the case, O'Neill, allowed only one additional accuser to testify and support Constand's account, based on the prosecution's argument that it needed to show a common scheme or pattern to Cosby's alleged assault of Constand.This time around, the judge allowed five such women to take the stand.Another new element in this year's trial was O'Neill's decision to allow the testimony of Marguerite "Margo" Jackson, a former colleague of Constand's at Temple, who testified that Constand once mused about framing a celebrity. The judge had rejected their testimony in the first trial as hearsay. Constand has denied Jackson's claims.Unlike last summer, when a parade of Cosby accusers turned up inside and outside the courthouse, just three steadfast accusers -- Victoria Valentino, Therese Serignese and Lili Bernard -- sat quietly in the back of the court for virtually every moment of the lengthy pre-trial motions process, the jury selection and the trial.Cosby faces up to 10 years in prison for each count, if convicted.
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with them at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
They add that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott themselves starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
FG Approved Expulsion of 29 Students from College of Education
The Federal Ministry of Education has approved the expulsion of 29 students of the Federal College of Education, (TECH) Gombe for the roles they played in a riot that took place in June Admission will be withdrawn from 35 other students, and another 11 will repeat an academic session, the school said. This was contained …
The post FG Approved Expulsion of 29 Students from College of Education appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Gavin shares this latest news on behalf of Island Roads. Ed
Structural walls on both sides of Medina Way, Newport, are to be repaired by Island Roads next week.
The scheme will mean Medina Way will be subject to a road closure but the work will be carried out during the evening to reduce disruption.
Island Roads will also undertake other work – including gully cleansing, road sweeping and maintenance of street furniture – in the area under these closures.
Road closures
To allow the work, the northbound lane of Medina Way will be closed between the Lidl slipway and St Mary's Roundabout on Tuesday 6 February and Wednesday 7 February between the hours of 7.30pm and 11pm.
The southbound section will be closed on Thursday 8 February from St Mary's roundabout to the Curry's slip road again between the hours of 7.30pm and 11pm.
During the closure periods, traffic will be diverted via Hunnyhill and Hunnycross Way.
Thank motorists in advance for co-operation
Island Roads operations and maintenance manager Dave Wallis said:
“We have programmed this work to be undertaken during the evening and in short shifts in order to reduce inconvenience to road users. Undertaking other routine maintenance work at the same time will also provide this area with an early spring clean and help reduce overall disruption. “We would like to thank motorists in advance for their co-operation.”
Location map
View the location of this story.
US Government Escalates Push for Post-Quantum Cryptography
Federal agencies of the US government are expanding their calls for quantum computing resistant encryption methods. In effect, the National Institute of Standards (NIST) recently announced a request for public-key post-quantum algorithms. This action follows warnings from the National Security Agency (NSA) about the risks of potential quantum-based cyberattacks and the NSA's appeal for developing post-quantum algorithms.
Also read: New Developments in Quantum Computing Impact Bitcoin
Moreover, in the near future, it might be possible for anyone to manipulate the awesome power of quantum computing. The astronomical price of a quantum computer would not be a limitation because, for example, IBM is offering to the general public quantum computing via the cloud.
NIST Calls for Post-Quantum Cryptography
Quantum computing's extraordinary processing power will dramatically change the world by opening up fantastic opportunities for the creation of previously unimaginable solutions, enabling a new world era.
On the other hand, if quantum computing falls into the wrong hands, its immense power might be used maliciously. “If large-scale quantum computers are ever built, they will compromise the security of many commonly used cryptographic algorithms,” says NIST.
Considering that the latest scientific discoveries and technical development suggest that quantum computing is becoming a reality sooner than we thought, NIST has decided to take precautionary measures now.
As a first step, NIST has started developing standards for post-quantum cryptography. To this end, NIST is asking the public, through the Post-Quantum Crypto Project, for algorithms that could be able to resist a quantum-based malicious attack. Details of the requirements are in the “Submission Requirements and Evaluation Criteria for the Post-Quantum Cryptography Standardization Process.” The deadline for submitting proposals is November 30, 2017.
This urge for acting now to be ready to withstand quantum-based attacks follows the NSA warnings about quantum computing risks: “A sufficiently large quantum computer, if built, would be capable of undermining all widely-deployed public key algorithms used for key establishment and digital signatures.”
In this regard, in January 2016, NSA informed national security systems operators and developers of the switch from Suite B Cryptography to the Commercial National Security Algorithm, asking them to plan and budget accordingly.
NSA specifically recommends in its CNSS Advisory Memorandum to replace SHA-256 with the SHA-384 algorithm. Notice, Bitcoin uses the SHA-256 algorithm.
Cloud Quantum Computing Becoming Available to the Public
The cost of quantum computers is very high. For example, NASA and Google paid $15 million for the current model, the 1,000-qubit computer, in 2013.
Now, D-Wave plans to start shipping the much faster 2,000-qubit quantum computer model in 2017, which will certainly come with higher price tag.
Therefore, buying a personal quantum computer is not yet in the realm of possibility. However, you might not need to buy a quantum computer at all. IBM is already offering access to their quantum computing platform via the cloud.
According to its website, IBM is “offering students, researchers, and general science enthusiasts hands-on access to IBM's experimental cloud-enabled quantum computing platform, and allowing users to run algorithms and experiments, work with quantum bits (qubits), and explore tutorials and simulations around what might be possible with quantum computing.”
NIST and NSA are starting to develop cryptosystems that would be invulnerable to quantum-enabled malicious attacks. In parallel, the price of a quantum computer might not be a deterrent for hackers for much longer. Indeed, quantum computing might become accessible to the general public via the cloud, at an affordable cost.
Although many believe Bitcoin's secure hash algorithm, SHA-256, is sturdy enough to withstand quantum-based attacks, bitcoin protocol developers should nevertheless start taking precautionary measures to ensure that Bitcoin's technology remains immune to any threat.
Do you think the Bitcoin SHA-256 algorithm is quantum-resistant? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, NIST, and D-Wave Systems Inc.
Bitcoin.com is the most unique online destination in the bitcoin universe. Buying bitcoin? Do it here. Want to speak your mind to other bitcoin users? Our forum is always open and censorship-free. Like to gamble? We even have a casino. ­­­­­­­­­
The post US Government Escalates Push for Post-Quantum Cryptography appeared first on Bitcoin News.
This post was syndicated from Bitcoin News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Teenage boy remanded for alleged indecent assault on 6-year-old girl in toilet
An Ikeja Magistrates' Court on Tuesday remanded a teenager in a correctional home over alleged indecent assault of a six-year-old girl in the toilet. The Magistrate, Mrs B.O. Osunsanmi, who gave the ruling, said the 16-year-old boy should be kept in custody pending advice from the State Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP). The teenager, who […]
The post Teenage boy remanded for alleged indecent assault on 6-year-old girl in toilet appeared first on The Herald Nigeria Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Guardian published a resignation letter from crossbencher Lord Bob Kerslake who has stepped down as Chair of King's College Hospital Trust in protest at “dire NHS funding problems”. The paper described them as follows:
“Bob Kerslake was chairperson of King's College hospital, London.  They are a member of the House of Lords, president of the Local Government Association and former head of the civil service and permanent secretary at the Department for Communities and Local Government.” Yeah, sort of. What the Guardian – and subsequently BBC Breakfast and other outlets – have omitted to mention is that Kerslake has been undertaking work for John McDonnell's Shadow Treasury Team for more than two years. At conference McDonnell boasted about commissioning Kerslake to write a series of “implementation manuals” for the Labour manifesto, meaning Kerslake is effectively drafting the details of Labour's proposed legislative programme. McDonnell said: “We're taking each policy and we're developing an implementation manual… We're looking at what legislation is needed, so we will have draft legislation ready to go, we're bringing civil servants like Lord Bob Kerslake to train our teams on how you implement these policies and we're taking advice from past ministers as well.”
Labour has also held Shadow Cabinet training days with Kerslake. McDonnell said in June: “We're trying to do a training exercise where we're bringing in people like Bob Kerslake, the head of the civil service, to work with them on things like what it would be like to be a minister, what their first day will be like, what their first 100 days will be like. So they feel confident about that as well.” It doesn't stop there. Kerslake led an independent review into the Treasury for McDonnell, announced in September 2015. McDonnell said at the time:
“Labour asked Sir Bob Kerslake to head up a review into the Treasury because we needed to have a serious and thorough examination of one of the most important pillars of government, and the cornerstone of economic policy making in our country… I would also like to thank Sir Bob Kerslake for their time, energy and expertise in producing this report for Labour.”
McDonnell's spokesperson insisted Kerslake is “independent”:
It's also worth remembering that their work is as an independent. — James Mills (@JamesMills1984) 11 December 2017
You can decide for yourself…
UPDATE: Sky News reports that Kerslake was asked to consider their position by NHS Improvement Chairwoman Baroness Harding on Friday.
Akufo-Addo is like a visiting President to Ghana – Gen. Mosquito – Pulse.com.gh
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
BEAN STATION (WATE) – Giving hope to the hopeless: that's the motto for the Bean Station Celebrate Recovery group.
Led by Justin Walden, a former drug addict, the group will work with community members struggling with drugs and what Walden calls, “other hurts, habits, or hangups.”
“The whole thing is that I have a great community around me. We had our first celebrate recovery leadership meeting last Monday. I had almost 30 people show up. 30 leaders, who are gonna surround me and hold me accountable to help me start this. It's just amazing,” said Walden.
Walden is fifteen months sober, they say getting to that point wasn't easy, but they found their faith.
“This is the building [Bean Station Church of God] where I came through these doors just about a little over a year ago, running through these doors, with no shoes on, no shirt on, just shorts,” said Walden.
“I was so drug infested with methamphetamine's that my mother had to sit me down in the back pew. This church has seen me at my worst.”
At 29, Walden says he's been to rehab 15 times and overdosed three times. They say it started when they were in high school when they were a star athlete.
“My junior year I broke my leg and lost everything. I was just broken and crushed. Didn't have anywhere to go, no one to turn to. I felt like everybody left me and that was my identity and now it's gone. I don't know who I am anymore so, I turned to drugs,” Said Walden.
Celebrate Recovery is a national Christian-based program that focuses on giving people within local communities a safe space. In Bean Station, Walden's group will be the first Celebrate Recovery group.
Walden says for the next eight weeks, nearly 30 leaders will train preparing to best serve the community.
“Your life can go anywhere. The beauty of this is that it can because I'm a living example of it. I have been on every drug possible. I have done anything and everything to get that drug, to get my identity back. Now that I have been able to find that identity and know who I am that I'm a son of God and that they love me despite my imperfection it's awesome.”
Walden says their goal is simple: remind those struggling with drugs that they are important and most of all, they are loved by God.
“We want them more than the drug dealers do,” said Walden.
Century 21's Billy Mitchell and new property manager Rachael Gilliland inside one of the new units at Winston House.
Century 21's Billy Mitchell and new property manager Rachael Gilliland inside one of the new units at Winston House. Renee Albrecht
A FORMER Gympie nursing home which housed, and cared for Gympie's elderly for decades has been re-purposed.
The Gympie Times can reveal that Winston House will now serve a dual purpose as a short term accommodation facility and medical care precinct.
The group of buildings, formerly known as Winston House were bought earlier this year for an undisclosed amount.
Project manager Richard Hall said over $500,000 has been budgeted for the redevelopment, with the eastern wing dedicated to patient services.
"There is still a medical component happening, but it is a bit of a hybrid,” Mr Hill said.
"Two thirds of the building is devoted to medical, and one third is devoted to short term accommodation for people that either want to access the medical (component) and may want to stay for a while or other people that are transiting the area and are looking for reasonably priced accommodation.”
Despite having some existing infrastructure in place, Mr Hill said a considerable amount of money has been spent on upgrading the medical facilities and converting old rooms into self contained units.
Billy Mitchell and their team at Century 21 have been tasked with marketing and managing the 18 new units.
Mr Mitchell said there are plans to extend that number to 30 by December.
"(The units) are based on short term accommodation and community living,” Mr Mitchell said.
"It is designed for workers that are maybe in town for up to about six to 12 months.
"At the moment there are 18 units and they are 95 percent full,” they said.
A time frame for the completion of the medical aspect of the project has not been finalised on account of pending council applications but Mr Mitchell said the residential portion has taken off.
"The project is absolutely ongoing,” they said.
"I think it is a fantastic concept.
"It is affordable living and it is community based.
"It will be really popular and I think you will find a lot of people will stay there for a long time.
"The set up is amazing.”
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Two of Britain's most unique and influential singer-songwriters will join indie greats James at their headline gig at Scarborough Open Air Theatre
Badly Drawn Boy and Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly will open the show on what is set to be a not-to-be-missed night at Europe's largest open-air theatre on Saturday August 18.
Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly
Multi-instrumentalist Badly Drawn Boy has been a creative force for two decades. It was June 2000 when the Mercury Prize-winning album ‘The Hour of the Bewilderbeast' announced the arrival of the formidable musical talent of artist Damon Gough.
Since then it's been a curious, wonderful, inimitable, unpredictable career which has delivered such wonders as ‘Once Around the Block', ‘You Were Right', ‘Silent Sigh', ‘Something to Talk About' and ‘Nothing's Gonna Change Your Mind' into the nation's consciousness and to audiences around the world.
Their critically acclaimed soundtrack to the movie ‘About A Boy' remains a masterpiece.
Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly – the musical moniker of singer/guitarist Sam Duckworth – is well and truly back in 2018.
Raised equally on electronic, political folksingers, and post-hardcore, Duckworth began Get Cape in their hometown of Southend, Essex, in 2004, and Top 40 singles The Chronicles of a Bohemian Teenager (Part One), War of the Worlds, I Spy, Find the Time quickly followed.
After releasing material under their own name in recent years, Duckworth reactivated Get Cape earlier this year and released the album 'Young Adult' which included the tracks 'Adults/Always', 'Just A Phase', 'DNA' and 'VHS Forever'.
James – who have sold more than 25 million records worldwide – have released 14 studio albums over the past 30 years which have gained both critical and commercial acclaim.
And the band behind such indie anthems as ‘Sit Down', ‘Born of Frustration', ‘She's A Star' and ‘Come Home' make a welcome return to Scarborough OAT after their sensational headline show in 2015.
James has just announced they will be releasing their new album ‘Living In Extraordinary Times' on August 3. The album is produced by Mercury and Brit Award winner Charlie Andrew (whose previous work includes alt-J and Wolf Alice) and rising star Beni Giles.
‘Living In Extraordinary Times' follows the release of their recent ‘Better Than That' EP, the band's first new music since their hugely successful 2016 album ‘Girl at the End of the World͛', which debuted at number two in the UK album charts, second only to Adele – their highest debut entry in almost 20 years.
James joins a fantastic line-up at Scarborough OAT this summer which includes Britney Spears, Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds, Emeli Sandé, Lionel Richie, Pete Tong and the Heritage Orchestra's Ibiza Classics, James Arthur, Texas, Nile Rodgers and CHIC, Bastille, Il Divo, Gary Barlow, The Script, Steps and Alfie Boe's special Armed Force Day concert.
Tickets for James's gig are on sale from www.scarboroughopenairtheatre.com or from Scarborough Open Air Theatre Box Office (01723 818111) and the Discover Yorkshire Coast Tourism Bureau (01723 383636).
by Craig Korczynski, Contributing Writer
Happy New Year! The holiday season is over but hopefully anglers received new fishing tackle and gadgets to kick off the new year right. The cool fronts will bring moderate winds which at times, plague us anglers, but that should not stop you from getting on the water and bending a rod.
The Lake Worth Lagoon will be very active as snook, tarpon, jacks, trout, and even redfish are just a few species anglers can expect to tango with. Live mullet, pinfish and greenies work great for all these species along with artificial jigs like DOA C.A.L., and DOA Shrimp. Remember to work your baits slow and work the area you are fishing thoroughly. Look for any signs of bait fish and always look for moving water.
Jupiter area will be teeming with schools of big jacks this time of year. The areas to target are drop offs and deep holes. Top water lures like the Heedon spook and Heddon spook Jr work great for the jacks. While fishing in the river always keep an eye out for tarpon; they are prevalent in deeper channels, and they roll on the surface. Tarpon are active as the sun is rising and setting; use DOA shrimp or DOA Terror Eyez and live baits for best results. The tarpon range from 5 to 50 pounds.
Snook in the river can be found sun bathing in the shallows and near dock pilings during the middle of the day. Try and be stealth while in search of snook and present your baits slow. Live baits will entice snook to strike as well as small Doa Shrimp in holographic or glow and gold rush belly. Bigger snook can be found in the river in deep holes ranging from 5 to 20 feet. When fishing for this snook be sure to use your depth finder, looking for any structure or ledge were fish might be holding. A DOA Terror Eyez and DOA C.A.L. 3-inch Shad in stark naked and pearl colors and live baits dropped to bottom will get you hooked up.
The grass flats in Hobe Sound are full of life this time of year and can be a lifesaver when fish in the river can't be found. The grass flats are great for the whole family to fish, due to the wide variety of species that can be caught. Buck tail jigs tipped with shrimp is typically the bait of choice for most anglers in this area but nothing beats a popping cork with a DOA shrimp – it catches everything. When fishing the grass flats, look for any bait in the area and work the water column from depths of 2 to 7 feet. Pompano, jacks, ladyfish, trout, and sheepshead are just a few of the species anglers will encounter while jigging. Once you find the fish, try and mark that spot and work it hard. Doing this will keep your rods bent all day long.
House Majority Whip, Others Shot After Gunman Opens Fire at GOP Congressional Baseball Practice
Philadelphia Adds Black and Brown Stripes to Rainbow Flag to Celebrate Racial Diversity: VIDEO
Kate McKinnon sat down with Seth Meyers last night and proved she's just as good at their Jeff Sessions impression without the hair and make-up.
McKinnon explained that their decision to play Sessions on SNL sprouted from a funny mouth they know how to make which Meyers characterized as “Grinch mouth.”
McKinnon “very carefully paid attention” to Jeff Sessions testimony, Meyers noted.
“Because we're off I couldn't help myself,” McKinnon added, before launching into a hilarious reenactment of Sessions' interaction with Jim Comey and their recollection of meeting with Sergey Kislyak.
Watch:
Here's more of McKinnon's interview for our fellow fans in which they talk about Rough Night, their new film:
Microsoft upgrades software to check cyberattacks
•Association warns Nigerians against ransom payment
Software giant, Microsoft, is currently patching older versions of Windows operating system (OS) to check potential attacks against governments and organisations in foreign countries outside the United States.
The company's Security Manager, Adrienne Hall, announced the move yesterday via a blog post, saying that in May, the firm took what it called the “highly unusual” step of patching older Windows versions like XP against the WannaCrypt Ransomware virus.
I words: “It is doing the same in June to protect against attacks that are potentially even more sinister. This month, some vulnerabilities were identified that pose elevated risk of cyberattacks by government organisations, sometimes referred to as nation-state actors or other copycat organisations.”
The software firm further explained that anyone use current, supported versions of Windows, including Windows 7, 8.1 and 10 or Windows Server versions between 2008 and 2016 will have “your systems automatically update, assuming you have that feature enabled (or you can download the patches here). If you have versions without extended support, including Windows XP, Vista, 8 or Server 2003, you will need to download and install the patches manually.”
Hall noted that Microsoft made the patches available to all customers “because applying these updates provides further protection against potential attacks with characteristics similar to WannaCrypt.”
Last month, WannaCrypt attacked older computer systems, including those used by the United Kingdom National Health System, causing cancelled surgeries and other chaos. The highly sophisticated software, distributed by the Russian-linked Shadow Brokers team, was reportedly purloined from the United States Department of Homeland Security's cache of hacking tools. Microsoft subsequently excoriated the agency, saying that letting its spy tools fall into an enemy's hand was like “the U.S. military having some of its Tomahawk missiles stolen.”
The Guardian gathered that Microsoft business is estimated in the region $100 million in Nigeria.
Meanwhile, the Information Security Society of Africa-Nigeria (ISSAN) has cautioned Nigerians against making any payment to cyberattackers in the event of Ransomware attacks.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
How did early humans first enter the Americas?
After crossing into Alaska, the Ice Age adventurers may have trekked along two routes: either by foot through the interior of present-day Canada through a grassy passageway between two large ice sheets, or they moved south along the Pacific Coast.
Scientists have debated the two theories, and in recent years support for the coastal route has grown from archaeological finds, such as 13,000-year-old footprints on an island in British Columbia. Now, geologists studying boulders and bedrock on Alaska's southeastern islands have found evidence of an ice-free route some 17,000 years ago down the coast that would have allowed human travel.
“We're not definitively saying they took the coastal route,” said Alia Lesnek, a graduate student at the University at Buffalo and lead author of the study. “We have some of the first direct evidence that that was something that could be done.”
The finding, published Wednesday in the journal Science Advances, supports the theory that the first people to populate the Americas were seafarers traveling from island to island.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions (all times local):
6:55 p.m.
Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham says they don't expect Attorney General Jeff Sessions will depart "anytime soon," but the dynamic may be different once special counsel Robert Mueller completes the Russia probe.
Graham says Republicans want to avoid unnecessary drama ahead of the midterm elections. They say most senators believe it would be very difficult for President Donald Trump to name a replacement for Sessions and for the Senate to confirm a new nominee.
They say if Sessions leaves or is ousted, it would likely be seen as political interference with Mueller's investigation.
The South Carolina Republican tells The Associated Press that at some point Sessions will "have to make a decision."
Graham says if "you don't have the confidence" of the president, "that will affect your ability to be effective."
__
6:10 p.m.
President Donald Trump's lawyer has repeatedly counseled them not to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite the president's ongoing anger at the attorney general's decision to recuse themselves from the Russia probe.
Rudy Giuliani told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Trump has asked them multiple times, before and after the former New York City mayor joined the president's legal team last month, about whether Sessions should have been fired.
"I don't think the president should do it and I've told them so," said Giuliani.
On Saturday, April 28 more than 600 philanthropists, community leaders, Desert Botanical Garden donors and members gathered for the 32nd Annual Dinner on the Desert — Desert Botanical Garden's major annual fundraiser.
Funds raised totaled $450,000 to be used to support Sonoran Desert field trips for students, care for the garden's world-class plant collection and the important conservation efforts of field botanists, according to a press release.
This year's chairs Kathleen and Steve Taddie of Town of Paradise Valley welcomed guests into the Ottosen Entry Garden with cocktails and music by Ruthie Wilde and Sipho Mabingani.
The Taddie's personally and through their business, Stellar Capital Management, has been engaged with Desert Botanical Garden for more than 10 years. Their vision for this year's gala is “A Garden Full of Stars.” The concept centers around how beautiful the starry night sky is in the garden, and how everyone who attends and supports the garden are the “real” stars, the press release stated.
During the event, guests strolled through the garden to the silent auction in Dorrance Hall and could bid on more than 240 distinctive plants, pots and garden art, as well as unique and exciting experiences.
The Super Silent Showcase featured 32 exciting one-of-a-kind experiences, designer décor and benches, art and sculpture and fine dining.
Guests dined in Stardust Foundation Plaza and on Ullman Terrace, and Hyatt/Copper Square Kitchen provided catering with music by pianist Nick Manson.
After dinner guests gathered in the Ottosen Entry Garden to enjoy the stars up-close and personal with Phoenix Astronomical Society. Guests danced under the stars with a performance by garden favorite, Traveler, the press release stated.
Money raised from the event will directly benefit the garden's work to protect cactuses, one of the most threatened groups of living organisms. The garden is committed to advancing excellence in education, research, exhibition and conservation of desert plants of the world with emphasis on the Southwestern United States.
Dell is taking an unconventional route back to public markets; we break it down for you
After retreating from public markets in 2013, Michael Dell is looking to take their eponymous computing company back onto the stock market via a complex deal involving its VMware tracking stock.
So what does that mean? And what will the impact be on the complex structure of Dell Technologies? We try to break it all down.
First off, it's best to outline the structure at Dell since its mega US$67 billion acquisition of EMC in 2015.
The result was a new parent company - called Dell Technologies - which sits above Dell, Dell EMC, Pivotal and VMware, roughly speaking.
So, first there is the flailing former servers and computing division of Dell, which is now Dell Client Solutions Group. Then there is Dell EMC, which focuses on data storage and services. Then there is VMware, the high-growth cloud computing and platform virtualisation software vendor EMC acquired in 2004 for $625 million.
There are some other divisions and sub-divisions - like RSA, SecureWorks and Virtustream - but that is the important stuff when it comes to this deal.
Going public
The publicly traded Dell went private in 2013 following a $25 billion deal with private equity business Silver Lake. Now, in order to re-enter the public markets, Dell must acquire back something called tracking stock.
This is a common stock issued by a parent company (in this case Dell Technologies) to track the performance of a particular division (VMware), without having claim on the assets of the division.
This effectively separates VMware's revenue and expenses from the parent company's financial statements. This allows investors to invest in VMware, even if they don't have faith in Dell Technologies as a whole.
So Dell established this stock after the EMC merger for the sole purpose of tracking VMware performance
Now, as part of this piece of corporate manoeuvring, Dell is widely reported to be looking to exchange that Dell Technologies (DVMT) tracking stock (known as Class V) with Dell's own privately held common stock (known as Class C) at a rate of 1.3665, or for $109 per share in cash, if the holder so chooses, and as long as the aggregate of that does not exceed $9 billion.
In short: the tracking stock will be eliminated as it is traded, at a premium, for Dell's privately owned common stock, which will then be directly listed on the public New York Stock Exchange. The complex details of that transaction can be found in this Dell press release.
Dell will then directly list this stock as a new class of shares under a yet-to-be-announced ticker symbol, on the public market. This route saves it having to go through the formal, underwritten IPO process and all of the questions this brings, primarily regarding Dell's sizeable debt pile.
One of the alternatives floated out there in previous months was a reverse merger with VMware after going public again, but this will not be the route the company takes now.
What next?
Upon closure of the deal, expected for Q4 this year, this means that Dell Technologies will once again be a public company, with all of the rigours of quarterly reporting and keeping investors happy which that brings.
Michael Dell, who currently owns 72% of Dell Technologies common shares, is a big winner of the deal. They will own somewhere between 47-54% of the newly public company and will continue to serve as chairperson and CEO.
It also means Dell now has more control over VMware moving forward, as it wrests control back from the owners of that tracking stock.
However VMware will remain a separate publicly traded company to Dell Technologies, similar to how Pivotal - which is majority owned by Dell - went public earlier this year.
Craig Lowery, research director at Gartner, believes the timing is right for this move from Dell as the company has already taken advantage of the autonomy going private brought and now can focus on "more consolidation to the Dell Technologies portfolio by removing the tracking stock, while allowing Michael Dell and Silver Lake to maintain control of VMware, and positioning Dell to become a publicly traded company again," they said.
More importantly Lowery sees this move as vital to Dell's long term ability to compete with the public cloud vendors.
"It is also essential for Dell to position itself to deal with this threat by further deepening investments to deliver products and services that leverage the public cloud trend, rather than depend upon prolonged and direct competition with it as an alternate source of IT infrastructure," they said.
"A rebirth of Dell as a publicly traded company could give it more latitude to acquire capabilities quickly to shore up this competitive threat."
At 14 years old, Kasda Allen has big dreams for the modelling industry. Recently they walked in Western Canada Fashion Week, not once but twice. They walked in Cynthia Sapara's show and the Lewis Mayhem show, they ended up being the youngest model there.
With it being their first ever time at Western Canada Fashion Week there were a few nerves going into the show.
“I think I was more nervous meeting the other models, than I was walking,” says Allen, but their nerves were put to rest once they got there.
“I felt very comfortable around everybody else, I was very welcomed there, everybody was really kind. They kind of took me under their wings, teaching me some things.”
Going forward Allen hopes to walk again in the September shows for Western Canada Fashion Week but they already have a few more photoshoots lined up, including a calendar shoot.
“My main goal is to be one of the main models in a fashion or make-up company.”
Busted! See What Laura Ikeji's Husband, Ogbonna Kanu Did Here
Two days ago, Kanu Nwankwo's brother, Ogbonna Kanu shared a photo of themselves and a hostess in a plane and captioned it; “It's time America here we come.”, supposedly going to see their pregnant wife, Laura who is set to deliver their child. Well, that was a 2016 picture of them last year travelling to …
The post Busted! See What Laura Ikeji's Husband, Ogbonna Kanu Did Here appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Hillsborough County Schools Superintendent Jeff Eakins says they want to wait one year before implementing a new bell schedule. The school district will release the 2018-2019 recommended bell times on Tuesday.
If the proposed bell times are approved, Eakins wants them to go into effect during the 2018-2019 school year to give everyone one year to prepare.
Many parents were angry after hearing about potential changes to school bell times.
Eakins said than 4,000 parents responded to the school district's request for email feedback about bell times. 1,300 parents also attended focus groups held at local schools.
Eakins said the changes are prompted by the tight, 27-minute turnaround that bus drivers face when they drop off high school students to school in the morning and then have to go pick up elementary students to take them to school.
Eakins said the same challenges arise in the afternoon.
“A 27-minute timeframe is clearly unrealistic and has resulted in our students arriving late to school, causing them to lose valuable instructional time. In addition, it has caused frustration for both parents and school staff in the afternoons because students are unable to get home on time as a result of chronically late buses,” said Eakins in a letter on Monday.
Eakins said changing bell times would redirect $2.5 million from the transportation department to the classroom.
They plan to present their proposal to the school board on April 25.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
By LARRY NEUMEISTER and TOM HAYS
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - Lawyers for President Donald Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, failed to win more time Wednesday to analyze millions of files seized by the FBI, but they did get one thing they wanted: Their TV tormentor, Stormy Daniels' attorney, withdrew a request to get a formal role in the case.
A federal judge refereeing an ongoing legal tussle about which documents should be withheld from investigators because of attorney-client privilege gave lawyers for Trump and Cohen until June 15 to finish reviewing 3.7 million paper and electronic files seized from Cohen in the April raids.
The deadline for them to identify documents they believe are confidential was set over the objection of Cohen's lawyer, Todd Harrison.
"We're working around-the-clock," they told U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood, saying that even with a team of 15 lawyers "moving heaven and earth," they had only finished reviewing 1.3 million files so far and didn't expect to finish until mid-July.
"I don't know if we can make that," another Cohen lawyer, Stephen Ryan, said of the June 15 deadline.
Wood was unmoved, but they made comments in court that may have prompted Daniels' lawyer, Michael Avenatti, to withdraw a request to get a formal role in the legal negotiations.
Avenatti had applied to intervene in the case so they could ensure that any confidential records or recordings related to Daniels that were in Cohen's possession weren't improperly disclosed.
Much of Wednesday's hearing was consumed by spirited arguments about Avenatti's numerous public attacks on Cohen, mostly through live cable TV appearances. Ryan protested that the barrage was improper, saying Avenatti was on television at least 170 times, mostly to badmouth Cohen.
They also complained that Avenatti had improperly acquired and released certain bank records related to Cohen's business dealings.
"I have never seen an attorney conduct themselves in the manner that Mr. Avenatti has," Ryan said.
Wood told Avenatti that while they are free to speak their mind now, they would have to end their "publicity tour" and attacks on Cohen if they became part of the case. Lawyers practicing in the federal court in Manhattan must follow local rules barring statements that might taint prospective jurors.
"That means that you would have to stop doing some things you have been doing. If you participate here, you would not be able to declare your opinion as to Mr. Cohen's guilt, which you did; you would not be able to give publicity to documents that are not public. It would change your conduct," Wood said. "I don't want you to have some existence in a limbo, where you are free to denigrate Mr. Cohen and I believe potentially deprive them of a fair trial by tainting a jury pool."
Shortly after the court hearing, Avenatti withdrew their application, but not before appearing TV cameras outside again and assailing Cohen and their legal team once more.
Among other things, they accused Cohen's lawyers of giving a journalist an audio recording of a conversation between Daniels' former lawyer and Cohen.
In court, Ryan denied that Cohen's lawyers gave recordings to a reporter, saying that if any did exist pertaining to Daniels, they were "under lock and key," controlled by their law firm, the Trump Organization or the president.
"It has not occurred," they said.
Daniels, who was not in court Wednesday, got a $130,000 payment from Cohen before the election in exchange for not speaking about an alleged sexual encounter with the president in 2006. Trump denies it.
Speaking to reporters after the court hearing, Avenatti said Ryan's reference to the existence of audio tapes was a major revelation, and that they were certain some of those tapes relate to Daniels.
"As a result of our efforts, there was a shocking admission that was made in court today, namely, that just like the Nixon tapes, we now have what I will refer to as the Trump tapes," they said.
They called for the "release of all those audio recordings to the American people and to Congress so that they can be heard by all." Then, they added, "people can make their own determination as to their importance as it relates to the president, what they knew and when they knew it, and what they did as it relates to conspiring with Michael Cohen to commit one or more potential crimes."
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers for Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to attorney-client privilege. They said the material includes data from a video recorder.
Judge Wood said if Trump and Cohen's lawyers don't finish reviewing material by June 15, the task of performing the attorney-client review will be handled by a special "taint team" of prosecutors walled off from those involved in the criminal probe.
Of the material seized from Cohen's home, hotel and office in April, only two old Blackberry phones and the contents of a shredder have yet to be turned over to Cohen's lawyers, prosecutors said.
The files, mostly from phones and electronic storage devices, were seized April 9 in raids on Cohen's Manhattan home and office. The raids initially drew an outcry from Trump, who claimed an attack on attorney-client privilege.
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court, complaining that they feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The family of the man accused of detonating an explosive in the New York City subway system this morning said they are "heartbroken" by the allegations.
Interested in New York? Add New York as an interest to stay up to date on the latest New York news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
The explosion occurred in an underground passageway near the Port Authority Bus Terminal, sending commuters scrambling to evacuate a major transit hub just blocks from Times Square. Despite the rush-hour crowds, only five people suffered minor injuries, officials said.
The 27-year-old suspect, Akayed Ullah, is in the hospital, badly injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in their arms, law enforcement sources said.
TLC
"We are heartbroken by the violence that was targeted at our city today, and by the allegations being made against a member of our family," the family said in a statement, which was read in front of the Ullah family's home in Brooklyn by Albert Fox Cahn, legal director for Council on American-Islamic Relations-New York.
"But we are also outraged by the behavior of law enforcement officials who have held children as small as 4 years old out in the cold and who held a teenager out of high school classes to interrogate them without a lawyer, without their parents," the statement continued. "These are not the sorts of actions that we expect from our justice system, and we have every confidence that our justice system will find the truth behind this attack and that we will, in the end, be able to learn what occurred today."
It's not clear who the children and the teenager referred to in the statement are.
Mike Segar/Reuters
Ullah, originally from Bangladesh, told authorities they are self-inspired from ISIS online propaganda, sources said. Ullah told authorities no one directed them to carry out the attack and they talked about the plight of Muslims over the years, a law enforcement source said.
xposedmagazine/Twitter
Ullah entered the United States from Bangladesh seven years ago on a family-based visa and has an address in Brooklyn, sources said. The explosive was assembled in their apartment, sources said.
Video of the incident, shot by a surveillance camera, shows commuters walking in the passageway when the explosion erupts. The camera screen filled with smoke as people scattered.
Christina Bethea, 29, told ABC News they were in the passageway on their way to work next to the terminal when they heard a bang, saw smoke and ran.
"If I didn't believe in God, I believe in God today," they said, adding that they commuted from Yonkers, New York.
360Downloads: GEM.In.I – Notes Of The Native Son
GEM.In.I have been around in the underground scene for some time now with song releases that have exemplified their status in the music industry.  They are well respected among music listeners and puts in works on every project released.
They released a tape last year titled “Livin By Ex-samples” which had an impressive response from rap and non-rap listeners.
This time they drop a sophomore mixtape titled “Notes Of The Native Son”, and its packed with a more seasoned approach and impressive creative balancing without loosing sight of their core artform.
DOWNLOAD
The post 360Downloads: GEM.In.I – Notes Of The Native Son appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By KEN SWEET
AP Business Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is dead. Long live the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection.
That's the message the Trump administration is pushing, at least, in what on the surface seems like a minor tweak to the name of the federal consumer watchdog agency created after the Great Recession to protect consumers against banks, credit card companies, debt collectors and other financial companies.
But critics see it as a not-so-subtle effort to telegraph the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney became acting director last year. Under Mulvaney, the bureau has proposed revisiting or rolling back the rules, regulations and policies that the Obama administration put into place when it controlled the agency. The bureau has dramatically cut back on enforcement actions as well.
The Dodd-Frank Act created a "Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection" in 2010. But, except for the occasional court filing, the bureau was consistently referred to as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB.
Mulvaney took over the bureau as acting director in late November, when Obama appointee Richard Cordray resigned. Since then, the bureau has increasingly referred to itself as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, or by the acronym BCFP.
During testimony last week on Capitol Hill, Mulvaney said, "The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau does not exist."
But swapping "Bureau" from back to front is not a simple word shuffle, said Lisa Donner, executive director for the advocacy group Americans for Financial Reform.
"Doing that signals you want to take the emphasis away from serving consumers - which unfortunately is what Mulvaney's been doing in many ways - and put it on 'this is a bureaucracy'," Donner said.
Republican lawmakers, who have long had issues with the bureau, have been happy to go along with the name change. Jeb Hensarling, chairperson of the House Financial Services Committee, said in a statement "I commend Acting Director Mulvaney's efforts to follow the law as written."
"I've looked at the statute, and I don't see 'CFPB' in the statute anywhere," said Rep. Barry Loudermilk, R-Georgia, at last week's hearing.
The bureau has quietly rolled out a new logo as well. Since early in its existence, the CFPB used a green, lowercase text logo using the bureau's initials. The new logo is a more traditional government seal, with an eagle in the middle, and the name Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection on the perimeter. The seal is similar to other seals used by agencies overseeing the financial industry, including the Federal Reserve and Treasury Department.
The logo got its first use last week when the bureau announced its $1 billion fine against Wells Fargo.
A logo is often the most visible part of any company or organization, and branding experts say the change is quite stark.
"You couldn't find a better example of contrasting messaging here. One says 'we are here to help' while the other says 'we are the mighty and here to protect,'" said Kit Yarrow, a professor of psychology and an expert on corporate branding at Golden Gate University.
The push to change the bureau's name is still in the early stages. The bureau's website still uses the old logo, and the bureau still refers to itself as the CFPB across its webpage. Email addresses to the bureau still end in @cfpb.gov.
But the CFPB - of BCFP - has requested that The Associated Press change its entry in the AP Stylebook to refer to the agency as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection.
"We are in the process of updating our own materials to reflect our legal name and would appreciate your (Stylebook) being similarly updated," bureau spokesperson David Mayorga said in its request.
The AP's Stylebook, published since 1953 and periodically updated, is a road map of rules on spelling, language and journalistic style for the company's journalists. It is also widely used as a blueprint throughout the news industry.
"The Associated Press routinely reviews suggestions for Stylebook entries and considers whether those suggestions will help to make our report clear, fair, accurate, consistent, and easy for audiences to use and understand," said John Daniszewski, the AP's vice president for standards. "In this case, we note that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau website continues to use the initials CFPB."
___
Ken Sweet covers banks and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for The Associated Press. Follow them on Twitter at @kensweet.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Another Negative Year as Stock Market Sheds 6.2% in 2016
MARKET NEWS
The Nigerian stock market went down by 6.17 per cent in 2016, making it the third consecutive decline as economic headwinds affected investors' participation in the market.
However, the decline in 2016 is lower that what was recorded in 2014 and 2015 when the market dipped by 16.1 per cent and 17.4 per cent respectively.
Specifically, the Nigerian Stock Exchange All-Share Index fell from 28,624.25 at the beginning of the year to 26,874.62 translating to a decline of 6.17 per cent.
The market has suffered from low patronage due to many factors including unfavourable policies, devaluation of naira among others. Although the market rebounded in the last two months of the year, that positive performance was not enough reverse the losses recorded in the earlier months.
Some stakeholders had last week explained the poor performance of the market in 2016. For instance, the Managing Director of APT Securities and Funds Plc, Garba Kurfi, said the market has never in the past 25 years experienced three consecutive years of decline.
“Most of the stocks are in their lowest prices of over 15 years or even more. The foreign investors that used to patronise the market with over 50 years turnover have moved elsewhere. However, once the recession is over, hopefully, by next year, the market will also improve,” Kurfi said.
Founding member of Nigeria Shareholders Solidarity Association (NSSA), Alhaji Gbadebo Olatokunbo, said the market is always the reflectors of every nation's economic indicators and since we are in recession, we couldn't have performed better. They noted, however, that we may be on the way out of the woods.
To Mr. Adeniyi Adebisi of Independent Shareholders Association of Nigeria (ISAN), the stock market has lived up to its major characteristic of price fluctuation, noting that in 2016 the market experienced more of ‘downs' than ‘ups.'
“This is the year the retail or small scale shareholders qualify more to be described as an endangered specie. We have had more sellers than purchasers of shares thereby depleting the ranks of this vibrant class of players in the capital market. There has been nothing of note to persuade big and foreign investors to come back to the market since the collapse that followed the pre and post 2008 boom,” Adebisi said.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Palestinian and French archaeologists began excavating Gaza's earliest archaeological site nearly 20 years ago, unearthing what they believe is a rare 4,500-year-old Bronze Age settlement.
But over protests that grew recently, Gaza's Hamas rulers have systematically destroyed the work since seizing power a decade ago, allowing the flattening of this hill on the southern tip of Gaza City to make way for construction projects, and later military bases. In its newest project, Hamas-supported bulldozers are flattening the last remnants of excavation.
“There is a clear destruction of a very important archaeological site,” said Palestinian archaeology and history professor Mouin Sadeq, who led three excavations at the site along with French archaeologist Pierre de Miroschedji after its accidental discovery in 1998. “I don't know why the destruction of the site was approved.”
In this Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017 photo, a bulldozer removes sand at Tel Es-Sakan hill, south of Gaza City. Adel Hana/AP
Tel Es-Sakan (hill of ash) was the largest Canaanite city between Palestine and Egypt, according to Sadeq. It was named after the great amount of ash found during the excavations, which suggests the settlement was burnt either naturally or in a war.
Archaeologists found the 10-hectare (25-acre) hill to be hiding a fortified settlement built centuries before pharaonic rule in Egypt, and 1,000 years before the pyramids. But the excavations stopped in 2002 due to security concerns.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
When calls on Hamas to stop the recent flattening intensified last month, the nearest available expert to gain access to Gaza was Jean-Baptiste Humbert, a Jerusalem-based archaeologist at the Ecole Biblique and who had excavated other sites in Gaza.
“Today the complete southern facade of the Tel is erased,” said Humbert. In previous years, faces and ramparts on other sides were also destroyed. “Now it is destroyed all around,” they said.
In this Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017 photo, Junaid Sorosh-Wali, right, a UNESCO official, inspects the remains of a mosaic at St. Hilarion monastery, a site of early Christianity, in Nusseirat, central Gaz Adel Hana/AP
It's among the earliest sites indicating the emergence of the “urban society” concept in the Near East, when communities were transforming from farming villages around 4,000 BC, and it was on trade routes between Egypt and the Levant, according to Humbert.
Humbert shared an aerial photo from 2000 showing patterns of walls from atop the mound. The area “was the first city of Palestine to have a city wall,” they said. Now, “the field work you see in the photo is totally destroyed.”
Gaza is home to numerous ancient treasures, but politics have long complicated archaeological work.
The French excavations stopped in 2002 because of a Palestinian uprising in which protesters violently clashed with Israeli troops around the nearby Netzarim settlement. Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005. But Hamas, shunned by the West as a terrorist group, won elections and eventually drove out the Western-backed Palestinian Authority in 2007. The excavations never resumed.
Unlike more extreme Islamic groups, Hamas has not deliberately destroyed antiquities for ideological reasons.
But with little open space in Gaza, a fast-growing population and an economy stifled by Israeli and Egyptian blockades, Hamas officials say they have no choice but to develop the area, making archaeology a low priority.
In this Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017 photo, Junaid Sorosh-Wali, a UNESCO official, takes photos while Fadel al-A'utul, a worker with French excavation mission, explains to them the damage at Tel Es-Sakan hi Adel Hana/AP
But the group has also seized ancient sites to build military training camps, including the 3,000-year-old Anthedon Harbor, parts of which were bulldozed in 2013.
In 2009 and 2012, the expansion of universities destroyed the western and northern facades of Tel El-Sakan. People displaced during three wars between Hamas and Israel set up temporary dwellings on the eastern side.
The southern front remained, but Hamas says it needs the land to compensate some of its senior employees, who have only received partial salaries from the cash-strapped group.
When the bulldozer work started in early August, the Hamas-run Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities appealed for help. Humbert rushed to Gaza, and with the help of colleagues from Gaza's Islamic University, they succeeded in stopping the work for two weeks while the ministry and Hamas' Land Authority worked to settle the dispute.
Jamal Abu Rida, the ministry's director of antiquities, said Tel Es-Sakan is a protected archaeological site, but that their ministry could not stop the more powerful Land Authority from destroying another 1.2 hectares (three acres).
The work resumed last week. Bulldozers loaded a truck with soil that contained fragments of jars. When the workers saw Associated Press cameras, they quickly left the scene.
Abu Rida said they recovered an early Bronze Age jar from the site during the most recent leveling. Fadel al-Outul a Gaza archaeologist, salvaged fragments that they used to reassemble two thirds of another jar. They also found a flint knife blade.
Junaid Sorosh-Wali, an official with the UN cultural agency UNESCO, inspected the damage at the site Tuesday after the bulldozers left.
What happened was “disastrous for the archaeology and cultural heritage in Palestine,” they said. They said UNESCO had raised concerns with “the relevant authorities.”
Amateur videos showed ramparts crumbling under the bulldozer's treads. The rampart of the southern facade was also uncovered and is slated for destruction.
Dozens of ancient sites have been found in Gaza, and excavations have revealed temples, monasteries, palaces, churches and mosques and mosaics. But most of the sites have been lost to urban sprawl and looting. UNESCO is struggling to preserve some of remaining ones.
In 2016, the remains of a Byzantine church were discovered in Gaza, but authorities are believed to have destroyed them. And in 2014, a rare Apollo statue went missing and is believed to be held by a militant group.
At St. Hilarion monastery in the central Gaza Strip, which spans from the late Roman Empire to the Islamic Umayyad period, a breach in the fence suggested looters were trying to get in. Private construction is taking place next door. Someone recently dumped brick debris in the site from over the fence.
The birthplace one of the 4th century founders of Christian monasticism still has the clear remnants of a baptism hall, a church and an atrium.
Sorosh-Wali, the UNESCO official, said it is among around a dozen locations in the West Bank and Gaza that the Palestinian Authority wants to be listed as a UNESCO “world heritage” sites.
Ravi Shankar Prasad hits out at Yashwant Sinha, calls them 'eccentric'
Sunil Raghu, Saurashtra, DH News Service, Oct 6 2017, 19:36 IST
Union law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad. PTI
Union law minister Ravi Shankar Prasad on Friday hit out at Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi and senior party leader Yashwant Sinha.
“He is eccentric. What has party not done for him. Other than the posts of President and Prime Ministership, they were the finance minister, external affairs minister, Bihar party president, leader of opposition, Rajya Sabha member, national vice president. Do they not feel ashamed questioning the working of Prime Minister who has received worldwide acclaim. It is condemnable,” visibly upset Prasad said about Yashwant Sinha. Sinha had in recent public outbursts questioned the economic policies of Modi government at the Centre and warned of massive slowdown in wake of several policy decisions, including demonetisation and implementation of GST.
Prasad, who was speaking to mediapersons on their two-day visit to poll-bound Gujarat, said that Rahul was spreading false propaganda and the people of Gujarat will not be misguided. “They are now talking of improving economy but what did they do during 10 years of being in power. All that we saw was 2G, 3G, Commonwealth and coal scams. The chief of UPA government was an economist but they ended up ruining the country,” they said. Ravi Shankar Prasad also participated in the ongoing 'Gujarat Gaurav Yatra' of ruling BJP later.
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and the Cincinnati Reds rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7-4 on Wednesday.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Did E.T. Send Us Our First Interstellar Asteroid? Scientists Search for Communication Signal
David Enrique Meza, a former gay adult actor, who used the alias “Mario Romo” and worked for the production companies NextDoor and Sean Cody, among others, was sentenced to life in prison on Monday for the “personal, brutal and vicious” murder of their wealthy older boyfriend Jake Clyde Merendino.
The San Diego Union Tribune reported on the guilty verdict in May:
Meza, 26, lured…Merendino, 51, to the side of the road near Rosarito in the early morning hours of May 2, 2015, and stabbed them 24 times, gutting them and delivering two final slashes to the neck, according to evidence presented at trial. The victim was then dragged to a cliff and dumped over the edge.
Meza was after Merendino's money, prosecutors said. With their death, Meza stood to inherit the Texan's $3 million estate plus the $273,000 oceanfront condominium Merendino had just closed on the day before near Rosarito.
Jurors reached the verdict — guilty of foreign murder of a U.S. national and conspiracy to obstruct justice — after a week of deliberation. It also happened to be the second anniversary of Merendino's death.
Towleroad reported on the case in December 2015:
Following Merendino's death, Meza claimed the victim had written a new will — scribbled on a hotel notepad — naming Meza the sole heir to their estate. Although it's unclear whether Meza forged the will, authorities appear to have a strong case against them for murder.
According to a report in The Daily Mail, Merendino and Meza had traveled to Mexico together to move into a $300,000 oceanside condo Merendino had purchased, possibly as a retirement home. Because the condo wasn't ready, they checked into a hotel.
At 10:30 p.m. on May 1, Meza left the hotel on their motorcycle — a Christmas gift from Merendino — and they were captured on video crossing the border back into the US an hour later. At 1 a.m. on May 2, Merendino told hotel staff they were leaving to help a friend stranded on the road.
Two hours later, Merendino and their Range Rover were found in a ravine. They had dozens of stab wounds to their chest and stomach.
At about 4 a.m., Meza was seen crossing back into the US again, followed 25 minutes later by their girlfriend, Langston, in a black SUV with no license plates. Meza and Langston later returned to the hotel room to collect Merendino's belongings, including a $15,000 Rolex watch.
Although they denied killing Merendino, Meza reportedly told authorities they and Langston (shown together at right) planned to rob the victim but got cold feet. Meza also admitted that he'd called Merendino and arranged to meet them at the same spot where the victim's body was found.
Langston, who was pregnant at the time, told authorities she'd traveled to Mexico to visit a friend. But the friend told police they hadn't seen Langston or Meza in a year, but that Meza had later called and pleaded with them to lie to police.
Meza is charged with interstate or foreign domestic violence resulting in murder, conspiracy to obstruct justice, and making false statements to federal officers. Langston is charged with conspiracy to obstruct justice, obstruction of justice and making false statements.
Langston was charged as an accomplice and pleaded guilty in February of obstruction of justice, according to the Union Tribune.
ATLANTA (AP) — The Georgia company that owns Augusta National Golf Club and the Masters golf tournament on Monday asked a judge to stop a golf memorabilia company from auctioning off a Masters champion's green jacket and other items it says were never supposed to have left the club's grounds.
Augusta National Inc. filed the federal lawsuit against Florida-based Green Jacket Auctions Inc. seeking to stop the company from selling a champion's green jacket and two member green jackets, as well as silverware and a belt buckle bearing Augusta National's map and flag logo.
The champion's green jacket is awarded each year to the winner of the Masters tournament, "and is, probably, the most coveted award in the golfing world," the lawsuit says.
The jacket may not be removed from the Augusta National grounds except during the first year after it is presented, according to the lawsuit. After that first year, the jacket must be stored on Augusta National premises and can only be used on the grounds and during the annual tournament. Augusta National said it owns the jackets, and the champions have "possessory rights" when they're on Augusta National grounds.
The same rules apply to the member green jackets, except they may never leave Augusta National grounds, the lawsuit says. Each jacket is marked for identification and authenticity.
"It appears that Augusta National Golf Club is attempting to assert ownership claims to every green jacket ever produced, regardless of who currently owns or possesses the jackets," Green Jacket Auctions co-owner Ryan Carey said in an email. "Obviously we at Green Jacket Auctions dispute such claims, and will litigate the matter, if necessary."
The lawsuit says Augusta National recently learned Green Jacket Auctions was advertising a sale that includes the champion's green jacket won by Byron Nelson in 1966. The jacket was where it was supposed to be, in storage at Augusta National, during a physical inventory in 2009. But a recent check determined that it is now missing, the lawsuit says. It is unclear how the jacket and other items ended up on the auction block.
By mid-afternoon Monday, the online bidding on the jacket, which closes at 8 p.m. Saturday, had reached $114,874.
The online sale also includes a member green jacket assigned to club member John R. Butler, Jr. According to the lawsuit, Butler has said they have never removed their jacket from the golf club and never agreed to have it sold by Green Jacket Auctions.
Another member green jacket that was assigned to George King, who was briefly a member of Augusta National Golf Club, is also part of the sale, the lawsuit says.
Green Jacket Auctions is in "wrongful possession" of all three jackets and does not hold the legal title to any of them, the lawsuit says.
Additionally, the online sale includes silverware stamped with the trademarked Augusta National map and flag logo. Augusta National does not sell or give away the proprietary silverware, so the only way someone could get it is to steal it from the golf club, meaning the silverware listed in the sale is either stolen or counterfeit, the lawsuit says.
Green Jacket Auctions is also selling a belt buckle with the trademarked map and flag logo, an item that was never approved by, licensed by or developed on behalf of Augusta National, the lawsuit says.
Green Jacket Auctions' "marketing efforts are clearly intended to draw upon the valuable reference to the Augusta National Golf Club and the extensive secondary meaning associated with (Augusta National Inc.'s) Marks, and ability of consumers searching those trademark names to land on the offending website," the lawsuit says.
The lawsuit asks a judge to order Green Jacket Auctions not to use Augusta National trademarks and not to deceptively or unfairly compete with Augusta National. It also asks that the jackets and silverware be returned to Augusta National and the belt buckle destroyed. Augusta National also asks for damages and legal fees.
Green Jacket Auctions' website says the company has previously auctioned off three green jackets that had been given to champions. It sold a coat belonging to Horton Smith, the first winner of the Masters, for about $682,000 in 2013.
"This always seems like a really safe neighbourhood, so it was a big shock," they said while wiping back tears. "Everyone was out enjoying the sunshine, and enjoying life. I guess you just have to ... enjoy every day."
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge Street, just below Finch Avenue, where the deadly incident took place. Police officers still blanketed the scene on Tuesday as they continued to investigate.
Police have not yet released the names and ages of the victims, but Toronto Coun. Cesar Palacio revealed D'Amico's identity at an early-morning session at city hall, adding that they reached out to their father to express condolences.
"When I spoke to Rocco ... early this morning, it was clear that part of their life is gone," Palacio said. "As they noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever of their life."
Tennis Canada said D'Amico had volunteered at its marquis Rogers Cup Tournament every summer since the age of 12, starting out as a "ball girl" and eventually heading its stadium control committee. The organization also said they worked at Invesco Canada, a U.S.-based investment firm with offices near the scene of the attack.
"Anne Marie was voted volunteer of the year in 2016," Tennis Canada said in a statement. "She was always smiling, had the biggest heart and always put other people's needs ahead of them own."
Across the city from the crime scene, Minassian made a brief appearance in a packed courtroom to learn the charges filed against him. Clad in a white jumpsuit, they looked around and said little other than their name before charges were announced. Their next court appearance is currently slated for May 10.
A man police identified as Minassian's father was also present in court.
When asked if they had a statement to offer to the victims' families, the man simply replied "I'm sorry."
Little is known about Minassian, but the Canadian Armed Forces said they served a very brief stint from late August to late October 2017.
"He did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training," spokesperson Jessica Lamirande said in a statement, declining to provide further details.
Minassian was arrested after a brief sidewalk standoff with a lone police officer not far from the incident site. The officer, identified by police sources as Const. Ken Lam, is being hailed as a hero for taking Minassian into custody without firing a single shot.
"It's one shining moment in an absolutely game-changing, abysmal, horrific day in the city of Toronto," city Police Union President Mike McCormack said. "The one...positive to take away from that day was their (officer's) behaviour."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said that while the investigation is still underway, there is no evidence to suggest there was a "national security element" to the incident. Calling it a "senseless attack and a horrific tragedy," Trudeau called for a show of support for those affected as well as a city in mourning.
"The entire community of Toronto has shown strength and determination in the face of this tragedy," Trudeau said. "All Canadians stand united with Toronto today."
Toronto Mayor John Tory echoed that call and said the city will recover.
"Toronto was a great city yesterday, it is a great city today and it will be a great city tomorrow," they said. "The people who call this city home are shaken right now but we are not broken and we will not be broken."
At the Ontario legislature, members of all three provincial parties held a moment of silence and expressed their grief and support for the first responders at the scene.
Premier Kathleen Wynne said that while legislators were all reeling from Monday's incident, they felt it was important to carry on with the democratic process.
"We have to ensure that this kind of senseless act doesn't define us," Wynne said. "We owe it to the people of the province to reassure them that this is a safe place that we live in, because it is."
Wynne and Tory later travelled to the scene of the attack to lay flowers at the memorial.
U.S. President Donald Trump offered their condolences Tuesday morning.
"I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives," Trump said at a White House ceremony. "Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada."
Toronto police Chief Mark Saunders said Monday it was too early to suggest a motive for the deadly incident. Police are expected to provide further updates on the situation at a 3 p.m. news conference.
A Muslim-Canadian non-profit group called DawaNet, which helped raise more than $800,000 for the victims of last year's mosque shooting in Quebec, launched a GoFundMe page for the victims of the Toronto incident, which had raised more than $82,000 by Tuesday afternoon.
— With files from Maija Kappler and Liam Casey
By Michelle McQuigge, The Canadian Press
Senate warns against actions that jeopardise Nigeria's unity
The Senate on Wednesday urged Nigerians to desist from actions and utterances capable of jeopardising the corporate existence of the country. The upper chamber also charged its members to intensify their representative role by embarking on sensitisation in their constituencies to highlight harmonious and peaceful co-existence. This was predicated on `The Need for National Unity and Peaceful Co-existence in Nigeria”, a motion sponsored by 108 senators at plenary.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Yet several factors have converged to elevate the practice: Fake news and false information about politics have proliferated; the public's trust in the mainstream media is low; and social media platforms make unfiltered messaging easier than ever. As a result, there is a new urgency among politicians to deliver talking points directly. Some two-thirds of Americans get at least some of their news on social media, according to a recent Pew Research Center report.
“Bernie and others are trying to find other ways that they can more directly connect with people,” said Guy Cecil, the chairperson of Priorities USA, a Democratic “super PAC.”
Many politicians blame the news media for the shift, claiming dishonest coverage has left them no other choice.
“For those of you who want to truly see what is happening, follow along through social media,” Gov. Matt Bevin of Kentucky, a Republican and a prolific purveyor of Facebook videos, told voters during their state of the commonwealth address last year. “With all due respect to what now passes for traditional media, it's dying for a reason.”
Last month, after Mr. Bevin suggested to reporters that teachers joining walkout protests were leaving children vulnerable to sexual assault, they issued an apology not in a press statement or at a news conference, but in a video that they posted on Facebook and Twitter. “A tremendous number of people did not fully appreciate what it was that I was communicating,” they said.
The tactic has vexed many of the state's journalists, who say they have been largely shut out. “He doesn't like to be questioned,” Al Cross, who teaches journalism at the University of Kentucky and is a columnist and former chief political reporter for the Louisville Courier Journal, said in an interview.
Federal University Ndufu-Alike Important Notice To Students On Hostel Accommodation.
This is to inform all newly admitted students of Federal University Ndufu Alike (FUNAI)that henceforth payment for hostel accommodation can only be made after due clearance from students affairs unit. For those already allocated spaces in the hostel, any space not claimed by 15th January, 2017 will be revoked. Please be properly guided. Note: We …
The post Federal University Ndufu-Alike Important Notice To Students On Hostel Accommodation. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
So this is a surprise: Apple released iOS 11.4.1 Developer Beta just a day after the public release of iOS 11.4, and only five days ahead of 2018 Worldwide Developer Conference.
It looks like the iOS 11.4.1 is little more than a bug fix release, which makes sense coming this close to WWDC. If Apple follows its usual schedule a public beta should be available soon.
Apple is expected to show off iOS 12 during its WWDC keynote presentation on June 4th. The first developer beta should be available later that same day.
You need an Apple developer account to download and install developer beta versions of iOS. You can sign up for an account at Apple's developer website.
A host of high-achieving women from Leeds have been named by readers as people they would most like to see honoured with a statue in the city.
Last month, the Yorkshire Evening Post backed the call of Leeds West MP Rachel Reeves and council leader Judith Blake for a prominent female figure to be commemorated with a fitting work of art.
Dame Fanny Waterman pictured at home in Leeds. 13th August 2015. Picture Jonathan Gawthorpe.
Ms Reeves' suggestion came after they had discovered that the only statues of women in Leeds were of Queen Victoria at Woodhouse Moor, Henry Moore's Reclining Woman: Elbow outside the Art Gallery and a set of nymphs in City Square.
Now members of the public have responded to the YEP's request for their suggestions with seven top choices: Jane Tomlinson, Sue Ryder, Dame Fanny Waterman, Isabella Ford, Beryl Burton, Nicola Adams and Jo Cox.
Ms Reeves, the city's second female MP, said: “Women in Leeds deserve to be celebrated for their achievements in the arts, sciences, politics and sport and yet there are no artworks or statues highlighting the successes of Leeds women, anywhere in the city.
“That is why I am determined to commemorate a notable woman in this way. Already some fantastic suggestions have been put forward by YEP readers. And I am keen to hear more names from the public on who they want to memorialise through a piece of artwork or a statue in Leeds, whether that be celebrating a modern role model like Jane Tomlinson or a look to our proud history of women's suffrage in Isabella Ford.
Beryl Burton
“Other exciting ideas could include Professor Irene Manton and their exceptional contributions to science at the University of Leeds, or Lucy Osborn, a Leeds-born nurse who trained at Florence Nightingale's school of nursing.”
Despite being diagnosed with incurable breast cancer in 2000 and given just six months to live, mum-of-three Jane Tomlinson defied their diagnosis and undertook a series of sporting challenges, raising more than £1.85m for charity over seven more years. They also founded the Jane Tomlinson Appeal before they died in Leeds in 2007.
Leeds humanitarian Sue Ryder helped people who had been displaced from their homes during WWII, after which worked to support those in need and with life-threatening conditions across the UK and internationally. After they died in November 2000, they left behind a legacy of charities across the globe.
The daughter of a Russian Jewish emigrant to this city, Dame Fanny Waterman co-founded the Leeds International Piano Competition in 1961 and did not step down as chairperson until 2015, aged 95.
Jane Tomlinson
Isabella Ford, from Adel Grange, campaigned to improve the pay and conditions of women working in the textile industry in Leeds. In 1885 they helped to form a Machinists' Society for tailoresses in the city, later co-founding a union for them.
Morley's Beryl Burton excelled in an amateur cycling career that took them to an unprecedented 122 national titles over five decades. The mother-of-one won 25 consecutive British Best All-Rounder time trial titles from 1959 to 1983.
Great Britain's first ever female Olympic boxing gold champion Nicola Adams shot to fame at the London 2012 games. Then last August in Rio, they became the first British boxer in 92 years to defend their Olympic title.
Former Batley and Spen MP Jo Cox died last year aged 41 after being shot and stabbed when they turned up for a constituency surgery at Birstall Library. Born in Batley and raised in Heckmondwike, they were a self-described “proud Yorkshire lass” who tackled many issues in their short time as an MP and sought to bring parties together over issues such as Syria.
Sue Ryder
Can you offer support?
Sponsors who can help get a statue or artwork made in tribute to Leeds women are being asked to come forward.
Although final funding options for the project are yet to be revealed, Rachel Reeves MP has said that no public money will be spent on it.
They said: “Similar to schemes in Manchester and Middlesbrough, the idea is that the project would not be funded through public money but supported by donations and sponsorship, whether that be through charities, grants or crowdsourced funding.
“We are keen to ensure the public are involved every step of the way but at times of cuts to other services it is right that the money for this isn't raised through council tax or business rates.”
Martin Hamilton, director of Leeds Civic Trust, has helped to place blue heritage plaques for people, places or events of historical importance in the city, and said that external sponsorship is usually how these are funded.
Jo Cox
Owners of the location where the tribute is placed are often the source of funding for such projects, they said.
“We generally try and find someone with a link,” they said.
Mr Hamilton said that the trust is interested in becoming involved with the statue project.
“In terms of statues, we have a few [in Leeds] but actually we are not particularly well catered for.
“Finding opportunities for more public art is something we've always supported.”
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Amid record-setting heat in the state's south, California's water managers will measure the Sierra Nevada snowpack, which supplies water to millions.
Department of Water Resources officials will trek to the mountains Thursday to check the snow depth, one gauge of the state's water supply. Electronic sensors show snow levels are about one-third of normal.
At the peak of California's recently ended five-year drought, Gov. Jerry Brown ordered 25 percent water conservation in cities and towns and declared a drought emergency.
Heavy rains in Northern California last year finally snapped the drought, and Brown declared the emergency over in April.
But the drought never really seemed to end in some Southern California areas, said Daniel Swain, a climate scientist with the University of California, Los Angeles.
Los Angeles received only one significant rain in almost the last 12 months.
In Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, which are about 100 miles (161 kilometers) north of Los Angeles, the lack of rain and dry vegetation were perfect fuel for a December wildfire that grew to be the largest recorded in state history. When it finally rained, the scorched earth turned into deadly mudslides.
The most recent weekly U.S. drought monitor, a product of the federal government and others, shows only small patches of the state, in Southern California, in the mildest form of drought. That compares to 2014 and 2015, some of the driest years in history in California, when much of the state was rated as in the most severe categories of drought.
In the middle of the state's winter rain and snow season, no rain is in the forecast. In Southern California, "it really is pretty grim," said Swain, who has tracked the stubborn weather patterns blocking rain from the state's south for years.
Doug Carlson, spokesperson for the state's Department of Water Resources, which carries out the snowpack surveys, said the dry weather is a growing concern, although reservoirs are still fuller than usual thanks to last year's rain in Northern California.
Considerations of what constitutes a drought vary, and include: rainfall, the state of waterways, soil dryness, and other measures. Any decision to declare a new drought emergency if the winter remains dry, or later, would be up to Brown.
In other words, people can be socially isolated and not feel lonely; they simply prefer a more hermitic existence. Likewise, people can feel lonely even when surrounded by lots of people, especially if the relationships are not emotionally rewarding. In fact, Dr. Carla Perissinotto and colleagues at the University of California at San Francisco reported in 2012 that most lonely individuals are married, live with others and are not clinically depressed.
“Being unmarried is a significant risk,” Dr. Holt-Lunstad said, “but not all marriages are happy ones. We have to consider the quality of relationships, not simply their existence or quantity.”
As Dr. Nancy J. Donovan, a geriatric psychiatrist and researcher in neurology at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, said in an interview, “There is a correlation between loneliness and social interaction, but not in everyone. It may be simplistic to suggest to people who are lonely that they should try to interact more with others.”
Perhaps equally surprising is the finding that older adults are not necessarily the loneliest among us. Although most studies of the effects of loneliness have looked only at older people, Dr. Holt-Lunstad, who with colleagues has analyzed 70 studies encompassing 3.4 million people, said that the prevalence of loneliness peaks in adolescents and young adults, then again in the oldest old.
According to Louise Hawkley, senior research scientist at the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago, “If anything, the intensity of loneliness decreases from young adulthood through middle age and doesn't become intense again until the oldest old age.” Only 30 percent of older adults feel lonely fairly often, according to data from the National Social Life, Health and Aging Project.
“We found stronger risks for those under 65 than for those over 65,” Dr. Holt-Lunstad said. “Older adults should not be the sole focus of the effects of loneliness and social isolation. We need to address this for all ages.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Furthermore, they said, while it is not certain whether loneliness or social isolation has the stronger effect on health and longevity, “if we recognize social connections as a fundamental human need, then we can't discount the risks of being socially isolated even if people don't feel lonely.”
Equally intriguing is a recent finding suggesting that loneliness may be a preclinical sign for Alzheimer's disease. Using data from the Harvard Aging Brain Study of 79 cognitively normal adults living in the community, Dr. Donovan and colleagues found a link between the participants' score on a three-question assessment for loneliness and the amount of amyloid in their brains. Amyloid accumulation is considered a main pathological sign of Alzheimer's disease.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In this study, loneliness was not associated with the extent of people's social network or social activity or even with their socioeconomic status. However, in another study of adults 50 and older, published earlier this year in the International Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry, Dr. Donovan and co-authors reported that loneliness was linked to worsening cognitive function over a 12-year period, whereas initially poor cognitive function did not lead to increased loneliness.
When the researchers examined their findings more closely, they discovered that depression, even relatively mild depression, had a greater effect than loneliness on the risk of cognitive decline.
“There is now strong evidence relating greater depressive symptoms to increased progression from normal cognition to mild cognitive impairment and from mild cognitive impairment to dementia,” Dr. Donovan and colleagues reported, citing their findings and those of others. They suggested that loneliness as well as low-grade and more serious depression may have similar pathological effects on the brain.
All of which raises the question of how loneliness and social isolation might be countered to help ward off cognitive decline and other adverse health effects.
Suggestions for lonely or socially isolated adults have included taking a class, getting a dog, doing volunteer work and joining a senior center. A British program, called Befriending, involves one-on-one companionship by a volunteer who meets regularly with a lonely person. While such programs may show modest improvement on measures of depression and anxiety, their long-term significance is unknown. In a study of 14 trials of befriending, no significant benefit overall was found on measures of depression, quality of life, degree of loneliness, self-esteem and well-being.
Another program called LISTEN, developed by Laurie Theeke at the School of Nursing at West Virginia University, is a form of cognitive behavioral therapy to counter loneliness. It entails five two-hour sessions of small groups of lonely people who explore what they want from relationships, their needs, thought patterns and behaviors.
It is doubtful, however, that such an approach would be practical on a scale large enough to meet the need for cognitive restructuring of lonely adults nationwide.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
The Alexander Review: Aje, Baba Shina Rambo, Onyeoma… the Tunes that Might Fuel you this Week
Ever since this column started, I have listened to all genres of music being made by Nigerian artistes, it is cautious to conclude that our stars need to be precise in their delivery especially Rap and Alternatives. Notwithstanding, these are some of my picks to try out this week:
Aje – DMW featuring Davido, Peruzzi, Yonda
DMW is back with “Aje”, a simple love with different instruments playing at intervals. Label boss, Davido assisted with the alternating hooks and choruses repeatedly as Peruzzi and Yonda delivered effortlessly.
Rating: 4/5
Baba Shina Rambo – Shina Rambo featuring Olamide
On this party tune, Olamide and Sina Rambo paid homage to Sina Rambo's dad – A song which lacked lyrical contents but thanks to Olamide's hook.
Rating: 2.5/5
Onyeoma – Phyno featuring Olamide
The “two kings” as fondly called since their joint album, the two are back with a track that reminds me of “fada fada”. Over a bouncing beat mixed with African instruments, the two sing harmoniously. The two should rap more whenever they collaborate. It's still a good one.
Rating: 4/5
Alright – Kiddominant featuring Wizkid
A sound collage and production by Kiddominant sees Wizkid and the talented producer singing about smokes and seduction in a mild manner. It is kind of slow-paced and It is really, really catchy.
Rating: 4/5
Biko – Iyanya
Iyanya might not have pushed for a vocal performance but they did wonders on this upbeat tune. It's a love song, not to be surprising.
Rating: 3.5/5
IFAi – Rudeboy
Rude boy channeled the hyper-emotional feels of the former PSquare brand. The Rnb track sees Rude boy shooting hearty vocals on the piano masterpiece.
Rating: 4/5
Alele – Seyi Shay featuring Flavour and DJ Consequence
Trust me, you'd need extra support to handle this. Seyi shay needed assistance to drop this fire tune, too. A blend of highlife and Dancehall came out impressive. This is really great.
Rating: 4.5/5
Remember – Masterkraft
With many hits to their credit, the producer has been consistent with delivering singles ever since the turn of the year. “Remember” sees Masterkfraft catching feelings on classic-like instrumentals.
Rating: 3.5/5
Lovingyou.com – Dammy Krane featuring Yung6ix
After throwing gabbage and auto-tunes all over their releases last week, Dammy Krane needed to hire Yung6ix to serve a different flavor. Convincingly, Dammy made us proud on this pop tune.
Rating: 4/5
Shaku shaku – Dammy Krane
This upbeat track and face-paced production sees Dammy Krane tapping into the trend in the Nigerian Music scene.
Rating: 3.5/5
Bullion squad – Kcee
Bullion, to fully translate to a bullion van – Kcee is singing about wealth and riches. With indigenous instrumentals, everything is beautiful about this one.
Rating: 4/5
Terry Pablo – Terry tha Rapman
Veteran rapper,Terry tha Rapman is back with their new single after their album. Terry was busy rapping while they let the dominant vocals of Surprize splash hot water all over the listener's body on the bridge. I love this one.
Rating: 4/5
African Gyal – Samklef featuring Demarco, Ceeza Milli, DJ Dimplez
Balanced strings, bass and impressive vocals can be felt all over this dancehall melody. This one will make the club playlists. I'm in awe!
Rating: 4/5
Merule – Mz Kiss featuring Slimcase
Heavy funk, tight chorus, sleek delivery is what I will use to describe this addictive street banger. I guess Slimcase is here to stay. Ba mi merule!
Rating: 4.5/5
Happy – Morayo featuring Johnny Drille
Typically, a Johnny Drille production has an upbeat tint. With soothing vocals, the pair should be given the listening ears. This is incredible!
Rating: 4/5
Ibaje – Obesere
The hip-hop genre is not compatible with Obesere, yeah? The man is here gallivanting on this nice production. Wow!
Rating: 4/5
Emotions – RICO Swavey
For people like RICO, there is no time for press gigs after an eviction from a TV reality show. The man did justice on the slowbeat. A mix of Rnb and punk – you should try it.
Rating: 4/5
…………………………………………………………
I've listened to many songs but I see diversity that can be chanelled into many smash hits. There is always a room for improvement. The industry gives equal opportunity for fame. Like I have always said, the Shaku shaku sound should not be a form of distraction for our artistes.
This review is solely the opinion of the contributor and does not reflect BellaNaija's views in any way.
The post The Alexander Review: Aje, Baba Shina Rambo, Onyeoma… the Tunes that Might Fuel you this Week appeared first on BellaNaija – Nigeria breaking & top news to the World 24/7. Read Today.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HONOLULU (AP) — Their last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of their presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on their legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with about two-dozen work days left. Their final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect their endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said he'll deliver a valedictory speech on Jan. 10, following a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with their second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and their aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped their team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on their annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted themselves forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put them in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define their presidency before theirs loses the bully pulpit and cedes their legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how their two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what they accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely their last meeting with their party's lawmakers as president.
Their administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood their policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
The Jones County Board of Supervisors accepted Community Service Director Deb Schultz's resignation as of July 10. Schultz has been with the county since 1995. They said this was a hard decision to make. Case Management Supervisor Lucia Herman was hired to replace Schultz. The board thanked Schultz for their service, on behalf of former and current county supervisors. Front row from left are Supervisor Ned Rohwedder, Schultz, and Supervisor Jon Zirkelbach. Back row, Supervisors Joe Oswald, Lloyd Eaken, and Wayne Manternach. (Photo by Kim Brooks)
The wife of Prime Minister elect Tom Thabane has been shot dead. Dipolelo Thabane's death comes on the eve of their husband's inauguration.
Thabane won the June 3 elections, called three years ahead of schedule. The early poll followed a vote of no confidence against Pakalitha Mosisili.
Thabane returns to power following years of political turmoil in the Southern African country. They plan to form a new coalition as the country seeks to enforce constitutional reforms. eNCA
First Lady Melania Trump has not been seen in public since undergoing a medical procedure to treat what the White House has said was a "benign kidney condition."
Interested in Melania Trump? Add Melania Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Melania Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
While the first lady's conspicuous absence has become the source of some speculation, with the hashtag #whereismelania trending on Twitter, their communications director says the first lady is doing “really well” and is engaged on internal meetings.
“She's doing really well,” communications director Stephanie Grisham tells ABC News in a statement. “She's been involved in several internal meetings with staff all last week, and that continues this week. We've been going over initiatives and other long-term planning for events such as the congressional picnic and 4th of July.”
The last time the first lady was seen in public was in the early morning hours of May 10, when they joined the president at Joint Base Andrews to greet the three Americans released from North Korea.
Several days later, on May 14, the first lady underwent an embolization procedure involving their kidney at Walter Reed Medical Center. The public was informed of the procedure after its completion, which Grisham said was carried out successfully and without complication.
The first lady then returned home to the White House on May 19. During their stay at the hospital, the first lady tweeted their appreciation to the medical staff and offered thanks to the public for the well wishes they received.
A sincere thank you to Walter Reed Medical Unit @WRBethesda & to all who have send good wishes & prayers! I am feeling great & look forward to getting back home @WhiteHouse soon. — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) May 16, 2018
The first lady's office has not said when their next public event will be.
Despite their focus on children's issues, they are not currently expected to attend a Sports and Fitness Day at the White House Wednesday that will seek to highlight the importance of youth sports participation.
Exploring the “otherness in fashion, people and culture”: Richard Akuson talks to CNN about “A Nasty Boy”
A Nasty Boy, a new Nigerian fashion publication founded by Richard Akuson, a former fashion journalist at BellaNaija, Marie Claire and Cosmopolitan has attracted international attention, receiving its first feature on CNN. A Nasty Boy is described by Richard as a radical agenda-setting Nigerian fashion publication that joyously curates the best of Nigerian fashion and pop culture, catching a whiff […]
The post Exploring the “otherness in fashion, people and culture”: Richard Akuson talks to CNN about “A Nasty Boy” appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
Day 2 of the Niagara Falls Review High School Boys Basketball Tournament is all about comebacks for teams on the consolation side of the bracket.
Qualifying-round losers have two chances to end the eight-team competition on a winning note, giving their programs something to build on heading into the playoffs less than two weeks from now.
At this year's tournament the Greater Fort Erie Gryphons were the team that made the most of the opportunity. Niagara's newest high school rebounded from an opening-round loss to St. Michael by defeating Stamford 68-44 in the semifinals and host Westlane 56-29 to win the consolation championship.
Austin Ladouceur, selected their team's player of the game after leading all scorers in the B final with 17 points, said the Gryphons returned to the court Friday morning knowing they needed to “pick some momentum.”
Rather than dwell solely on how rusty and out of sync they were in a 57-35 loss to St. Michael, they needed to build on positives from that game.
“We needed to be in the right mindset for the games today,” the 6-foot guard said.
They called the loss to the Mustangs a wakeup call.
“It definitely got us to check and see where we need to be.”
Ladouceur suggested playing two games in one day, while exhausting to some players, could be an advantage, with momentum from the first carrying over into the second.
“It definitely could be an advantage if you have a good first game.”
Ladouceur's biggest individual takeaway from the tournament was the need for improved defence going forward.
“We tend to switch defences a lot,” they said. “I think we need to work on one and just go from there.”
Once again, all 12 games in the 40th edition of the tournament were played at Westlane, but Spartans guard Daniyal Siddiqui didn't feel extra pressure playing on their homecourt.
“Not really, because we have great fans right here,” the Grade 12 student said after competing in their second, and final, Review Tournament.
“We are disappointed that we lost, but I think overall we did have better defence.”
They were proud of the team's work ethic.
“To us, we never want to get outworked by someone and I'm pretty sure we hustled,” Siddiqui said. “There were a few shots that weren't falling for us.”
Joel Coopman, with 16 points; Ethan VanNatter, 13; Darcy Allen, four; Bailee Wangler, three; Andrew Rouble, two; and Donovan Morgan, one; also scored for Greater Fort Erie.
The Gryphons have made a habit of making it to the final night of high school tournaments in the region. They won the consolation championship at the Standard Tournament in St. Catharines and were the consolation finalst at the Tribune Tournament one month later in Welland.
Putting points on the scoreboard for Westlane, which lost 50-45 to A.N. Myer on Day 1 and defeated Niagara Christian 53-34 in the semifinal round, were Dudley Kou, 16; Siddiqui, six; Deep Dhillon, five; Kyle Daneliuk, one; and Bailey Schaefer, one.
Niagara Christian defeated Stamford 58-51 in the seventh-place final.
bfranke@postmedia.com
A young filmmaker of Kalimpong, Anmol Gurung, has scripted a movie and named it ‘Appa' (father) where renowned actors from Nepal like Daya Hang Rai, Tulsi Ghimiray and Aruna Karki is all set to play major roles.
“The idea behind the film is to change the way our society looks at a father-son relationship,” Mr Gurung says. The shooting is scheduled to begin on 25 April at the historic Ghoom Railway Station in Darjeeling, while portions of the movie will also be shots in places like Sandakphu and Kalimpong.
“The main characters will be portrayed by Daya Hang Rai who has changed Nepali cinema's dimensions, the legendary Tulsi Ghimiray the popular actor and filmmaker Aruna Karki,” Mr Gurung told reports here on Monday.
According to him, the shooting may wind up in 60 days, but the post-production process may take a year. “As such, we plan to release the movie on Father's Day next year,” they said.
Mr Rai, meanwhile, said they are officially acting in India for the first time and that the story line of the film compelled them to sign it. “I was mesmerized by the story I listened to after Anmol Gurung sent it to me in an audio message format, and I did not want to miss an opportunity to work in it.
The subject is universal and people from all across the world can get connected to it,” the Nepalese actor said. Iconic filmmaker, Mr Ghimiray, who had said in the past that Nepal's cinema and the cinema in Darjeeling Hills had a huge gap, on Monday said the standard of filmmaking here had radically gone up, with good technicians and actors fast coming up.
“Political elements often break us like people start branding us Nepal's Nepali, Assam's Nepali, and Burma's Nepali,' but art and culture always brings us together,” they said.
[Via: Statesman News Service]
471 total views, 95 views today
Comments
comments
INDIANAPOLIS -- Gun owners that own a potentially defective Taurus pistols only have until Tuesday to get in on a class action settlement.
Those who own the guns have the option to get them replaced or repaired under a settlement class action lawsuit filed last summer.
The lawsuit alleges that nine handgun models had a faulty design that allowed the pistol to inadvertently fire when dropped or to be discharged when the safety feature was still on.
As part of the $239 million settlement, Taurus agreed to a voluntary recall of 1 million pistols.
Taurus pistols included in the settlement include the following models:
PT-111 Millennium
PT-132 Millennium
PT-138 Millennium
PT-140 Millennium
PT-145 Millennium
PT-745 Millennium
PT-609; PT-640
PT-24/7
The “Pro” series of each model is also included in the recall.
The claims period runs through February 6.
Per the settlement agreement, the company is offering three options: a cash payment, enhanced warranty or safety training.
Under the three options, gun owners can receive up to $200 cash in exchange for their defective pistol or they can have their pistols inspected and repaired at no charge.
Taurus will also publish free online training videos and instructions on how to properly operate and handle the Taurus pistols.
The company is covering all shipping and handling costs but says members should review their state and federal regulations before shipping off their weapon. Detailed instructions can be found on the settlement website.
Owners of these pistols can go to the settlement website to get information about submitting claim forms or about how to send your pistol in for repair.
By Mugove Chigada
Dynamos striker Christian Ntouba Epoupa has congratulated FC Platinum for winning the league title.
Ntouba spoke on the sidelines of the Castle Lager Premiership soccer stars awards where FC Platinum's players Rodwell Chinyengetere and Kevin Moyo were crowned Soccer Star of the Year and First Runner-up respectively.
DeMbare's Ocean Mushure was Second Runner-up while Ntouba and the rest of the best 11 received their medals.
“Zimbabwe have good players. Good luck to the winners FC Platinum (when they go) to the champions league,” Ntouba said.Ntouba at one time was a leading contender for the big award before they lost their scoring form towards the end.
That even enabled CAPS United's Dominic Chungwa to win the golden boot with 17 goals while the Cameroonian remained stuck on 12 goals.
But the impact of Ntouba was reason why DeMbare remained on course for the title until the last day and recently, FC Platinum had even considered bidding for the player until the South African teams' bidding raised the value of the player.
Now all eyes will be on how FC performs in the CAF Champions league.
First runner-up Kevin Moyo says it will not be easy.
“It is a big challenge and I'm sure the people will be expecting us to do better than CAPS United. But I don't think we are going to put ourselves under pressure about what CAPS United did,” Kevin told H-Metro.
CAPS United left a mark in the same competition this year and they were only a win away to reach the last knock-out stage, from the group stages.
“It is a good thing that CAPS United reached the group stages and I think we are going to work and also try to reach the group stages. You never know what happens but our main focus will be to try and reach the group stages,” they said. H-Metro
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Search
Jess Phillips on the absolute sexism of the “Absolute Boys” on the Left…
“They [the left-wing men] are the worst, the actual worst. Men said they supported better female representation but, when it came to losing their own jobs, they would say, ‘Oh, you mean me? But I am so clever. I've got so much to offer the world'. They are literally the worst.”
CHESAPEAKE, Ohio — A mixed bag of results.
Gallia Academy, Eastern, South Gallia and Meigs all competed in the 2017 Phil Davis Memorial Wrestling tournament held Saturday at Chesapeake High School in Lawrence County.
The Blue Devils were top-finishing team locally after placing eighth out of 19 teams with 106 points, while the Eagles were 12th overall with 79 points. The Rebels and Marauders respectively placed 14th and 15th overall with 74.5 points and 70 points.
Huntington (WV) came away with top honors with 232.5 points, while Ashland Blazer (160.5) and Alexander (148.5) rounded out the top three spots in the field.
GAHS — which was missing some of its starting lineup due to ACT testing — had four grapplers earn top-four finishes, while SGHS and EHS both had two wrestlers place in the top-four of their respective divisions. MHS had two grapplers place fifth overall, but those were the best finishes for the Maroon and Gold.
Jason Stroud (106) and Kenny Siders (160) led Gallia Academy with a pair of third-place efforts as both went 4-1 on the day. Stroud earned four pinfall victories and Siders scored three pinfalls while also claiming a 15-8 decision.
Logan Griffith went 3-2 with three pinfall wins at 195 pounds to place fourth, while Kenton Ramsey was fourth at 113 pounds with a 2-3 mark and one pinfall win.
Eastern landed a pair of runner-up efforts from Dillon Aeiker and Gavin Erwin. Aeiker went 3-1 and had three pinfall wins at 138 pounds, while Erwin went 4-1 with four pinfall wins at 182 pounds.
South Gallia received a runner-up effort from Justin Butler, who went 4-1 with three pinfall wins and a 21-4 technical fall at 152 pounds. Jacob Birtcher was also fourth at 138 pounds with two pinfalls and a 2-2 overall mark.
Both Jon Newsome (285) and Griffin Buck (106) placed fifth in their respective weight classes. Newsome was 4-1 with two pinfall wins, while Buck went 3-2 with three pinfall wins.
Huntington came away with four individual champions, with Alexander and Spring Valley following with three and two titles respectively. Huntington Ross, Unioto, Adena, Fairland and Lincoln County also earned one weight class champion apiece.
Visit baumspage.com for complete results of the 2017 Phil Davis Memorial Tournament held at Chesapeake High School.
By Bryan Walters bwalters@aimmediamidwest.com
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
Bryan Walters can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2101.
A central pillar of Rep. Devin Nunes' memo alleging wrongdoing by the FBI -- that the government did not disclose the political bias of a source when seeking a surveillance warrant -- is unfounded, the Washington Post, New York Times and Wall Street Journal have reported.
President Donald Trump on Friday declassified a memo spearheaded by the California Republican that alleges the FBI abused its authority in applying for a FISA warrant to conduct surveillance on former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page.
The GOP memo claims that ex-British intelligence officer Christopher Steele, who authored a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump that was used in the FISA warrant application, harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations -- including that research that went into the dossier was funded in part by Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee. The memo alleges that those motivations were not included in the FISA application, and that senior Justice Department officials knew about Steele's anti-Trump bias.
"Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior and FBI officials," the memo alleges.
But according to an official cited in the Post on Friday, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the matter's sensitivity, the Justice Department presented "ample disclosure of relevant, material facts," to the FISA court, including that "the research was being paid for by a political entity."
The New York Times also reported Friday that the FISA court was told about political motivations behind the dossier. A Democratic memo written to rebut the allegations in Nunes' document said the FBI did, in fact, tell the court that the information in the Steele dossier was politically motivated, even if the bureau didn't mention that research that went into the dossier was paid for by Democrats, the Times reported, citing two people familiar with the Democratic memo.
The Wall Street Journal further reported that, according to a person familiar with the matter, the FISA application disclosed that Steele was paid by a law firm working for a major political party,
Steve Vladeck, a CNN legal analyst and professor at the University of Texas School of Law, tweeted Saturday that the news reports served as "proof that the #mehmo deliberately misrepresented the record to make the #FISA application look shadier than it was" and called the revelations "(f)atal to the memo's entire premise."
"I don't find these reports at all surprising, because it would've been the responsible thing for the government to say, especially if, as appears to be the case, there was a lot of additional evidence not derived from the dossier that was part of the underlying application," Vladeck later said in an email. "It all just further undermines not just the specific conclusions of the Nunes memo, but the larger point it's being invoked by the President and their supporters to make."
The Nunes memo -- the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia -- has drawn criticism from Democrats as well as some Republicans, who say it is politically motivated, and also from the FBI, which warned it omitted key facts that could affect its veracity.
There are currently multiple investigations looking into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 election, including a probe by the House Intelligence Committee, on which Nunes serves as chairperson.
On Saturday morning, Trump tweeted about Nunes' memo, saying it "totally vindicates" him, and called the Russia investigation "an American disgrace!"
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump wrote. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Alexander William Bickerton was Canterbury College's (the forerunner of the University of Canterbury) first professor of chemistry, and a figure of some notoriety in early Christchurch. They were acknowledged as a brilliant teacher and Ernest Rutherford was their most famous pupil.
Life in Wainoni
They built a large house (long since demolished) called “Wainoni” on 20 to 30 acres of land in what is now the suburb of Wainoni. Initially they tried to establish a new form of society in a “federative home” at Wainoni, but this was not a success. They then turned the gardens of Wainoni into a pleasure garden where thousands came to watch the spectacles they created including naval battles with real explosives, shipwrecks and rescues, which were staged on an artificial lake.
Career and later life
Bickerton's controversial views on many topics including university reform and the institution of marriage finally led to them being sacked from the University. They returned to England in 1910 and died in 1929. The year before their death they were made Professor Emeritus of Canterbury College. One myth about Bickerton is that their ashes are lodged in the wall of the Great Hall of the Arts Centre. There is a bronze plaque for them on the wall but behind this is just a small gap. They may be somewhere else in the Great Hall but this is not recorded.
A. W. Bickerton resources
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & [...]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the [...]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous [...]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, [...]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for [...]
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Killings : Pray for us, Osinbajo cries to churches – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
New 115 DTAC in 6mm Creedmoor Is anyone using the new 115 dtacs in a 6mm creedmoor.
I have a 1:8 twist.
In the creedmoor is anyone using the same powder as the 6xc loads Tubbs recommends or are you using something else like h4350.
Renaissance Capital reports strong FY 2017 results – The Nation Newspaper
Renaissance Capital reports strong FY 2017 results
The Nation Newspaper
Renaissance Capital yesterday announced its International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) financial results for the full year ending 31 December 2017. During the period, net profit from the core business increased by 43 per cent year-on-year (YoY …
Renaissance Capital records 43% profit growth New Telegraph Newspaper
all 2 news articles »
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
HAMILTON — Liberal Premier Kathleen Wynne travelled to the heart of their NDP rival's riding today to portray themselves as the only seasoned elder stateswoman in the province's election campaign.
Wynne played up their credentials outside a Stelco steel plant in Hamilton.
As premier, they said, they had met leaders both in Canada and the United States amid threats by U.S. President Donald Trump to impose tariffs on Canadian steel.
Wynne criticized NDP Leader Andrea Horwath as too left on the political spectrum, and their Tory rival Doug Ford as too right to deal with such situations effectively.
Nigerian refugees, others bring dying Italy village back to life
In the foothills of the Aspromonte mountains in southern Italy, the silence of a once-dying village is broken by the laughter of a small group of refugees.
Tiny Sant'Alessio has been welcoming families and vulnerable migrants here for three years in a project which not only provides humanitarian assistance but brings with it invaluable economic and social benefits.
Over the years the village has dwindled to only 330 inhabitants, many of them elderly. The steep cobbled streets are deserted and most windows are shuttered, residents having left over the years for better work opportunities in Turin, Milan or as far away as Australia.
In an attempt to reverse the trend, however, since 2014 the council has been renting eight of these empty flats to house up to 35 migrants at a time as part of the national SPRAR network (Protection System for Asylum Seekers and Refugees).
Everything is done to help the newcomers get back on their feet, from Italian lessons to legal, medical and psychological assistance, vocational training and social activities such as gardening, cooking and dancing classes.
The village is currently home to an Iraqi Kurdish family, a Gambian couple with a baby and young people from Ghana, Nigeria, Mali and Senegal.
There is a special project for the most vulnerable, including HIV-positive people, diabetics, victims of prostitution networks, a deaf and dumb couple, and a young woman whose toddler son was shot dead in Libya and husband is feared drowned.
– ‘Humane and humanitarian' –
“Our mission is both humane and humanitarian, that's the most important thing,” said Stefano Calabro, a 43-year-old police officer who has been mayor of Sant'Alessio since 2009.
“But there is a significant economic benefit too.”
The state allocates up to 45 euros (47 dollars) a day for each migrant, most of which goes to the organisers to cover costs.
The project has created full or part-time jobs in Sant'Alessio for 16 people including seven locals — from social workers to Italian teachers and cultural mediators.
And it has prevented the closure of the village's basic services — a bar, small supermarket, doctor's surgery and pharmacy.
With funds to spend on services, the council has been able to open a small gym open to all residents and upkeep a lush sports field overlooking the valley, where migrants regularly challenge the team from a nearby drug rehabilitation centre.
After six months to a year here, some of the refugees managed to find work in the region, others headed elsewhere.
Ghanaian Salifu, 23, decided to stay on and has been living off odd jobs like helping with manual work in the fields.
Sant'Alessio may not offer bright lights or much in the way of career opportunities, but a cheerful Salifu says “we're not going anywhere”.
After months in Sicily's notorious, overcrowded Mineo camp, just small things like quick doctor appointments here seem a luxury.
– Vast areas depopulated –
Sitting in the sunshine and watching the world go by from their front garden, 89-year old Antonio Sacca — who spent 54 years working in a Turin factory before returning home — says they like their new neighbours.
“They behave well. They live independent lives but often lend a helping hand,” they said.
Bar owner and widow Celestina Borrello, 73, whose son left years ago to find work in Belgium, says “the village was emptying, so if there's a little movement now, it's a good thing”.
“We know what it means to leave our land,” they add.
The project has been such a success that Coopisa, the association behind it, is opening others in four villages nearby.
And there is another benefit: those that join the SPRAR network and take in small numbers of refugees are guaranteed not to have to host an emergency reception centre, such as the one in the nearby ski-town of Gambarie, where 120 migrants are massed in a hotel.
With just 26,000 places available, the network is only a small part of Italy's reception system, which hosts more than 176,000 people.
While most are housed in large groups, often angering or frustrating local communities, this dusty village is seen as a quiet triumph.
“Sant'Alessio has been our prototype,” said Coopisa head Luigi De Filippis, who points out there is scope for the project to go across Italy and beyond.
“There are vast areas affected by the same depopulation in northern Italy and elsewhere in Europe.”
The post Nigerian refugees, others bring dying Italy village back to life appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ESPN Films and Netflix are teaming on The Last Dance, a 10-part documentary series about basketball icon Michael Jordan for premiere in 2019.
Directed by Jason Hehir (The Fab Five, The '85 Bears, Andre the Giant) and produced by Mike Tollin, the anthology will chronicle the simultaneous rise of Jordan and the Chicago Bulls and the popularity of the NBA during the 1990s. The docuseries, made with the full participation of Jordan and other key figures from the Bulls' championship teams, features more than 500 hours of never-before-seen footage from the's team's championship run in the 1997-98 season, along with commentary from dozens of others sports luminaries.
The series is produced by Mandalay Sports Media, in association with NBA Entertainment and Jump.23
A 43-year-old Warren Park woman is appealing for help after they were allegedly injured in an accident caused by a ZRP traffic cop spike.
Nyarai Chituu was injured on January 25 at around 8pm on their way from work at corner Mbuya Nehanda Street and Nelson Mandela Avenue when a police officer threw a spike and missed the target, hitting them in the process.
As a result, Chituu sustained a deep cut on their right leg and they are still nursing the wounds. Chituu told H-Metro that they were shocked and surprised by the conduct of the police officer.
“After hitting me with a spike, the police officer ran away instead of helping me to leave me injured at the scene.
“I used to think that the duty of the police is to serve and safeguard the nation and its people but that is not what I see considering what happened to me.
“No action has been taken against the police officer. I went and lodged a complaint at Harare Central Police Station and up to now no action has been taken,” said Chituu.
They added: “The use of spikes by the police should be banned permanently because the incident occurred at around 8:05 pm and the police were still using spikes at that hour and injured me yet nothing has been done.
“My children need food, clothes and school fees, I also need clutches so I am seeking for assistance in any kind so that my condition will improve.”
Those wishing to assist Chituu can be contacted on 0773906609. H-Metro
If you still can't wrap your head around the fact that Netflix is publishing a comic book, maybe this trailer can help. The streaming giant has released an animated trailer for The Magic Order by Mark Millar's comic book empire, which Netflix snapped up last year. It's a six-issue series written by Millar themselves with art by Olivier Coipel who's mostly known for their work with Marvel (Avengers, X-Men, Thor). The story revolves around five families of magicians sworn to protect our world from forces of darkness and who are now being hunted and picked off one by an enemy.
OTTAWA – Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland is laying out Canada's core objectives for the upcoming renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
In a speech Friday, Freeland shared a half-dozen NAFTA goals – including opening up access to government procurement rights, more professional movement, defending Canadian rights to supply management and reform of the investor-state dispute settlement process.
“In all these discussions, we will come to the table with goodwill, and Canada's characteristic ability and willingness to seek compromise and find win-win solutions,” they said.
“But we are committed to a good deal, not just any deal.”
 They are also calling for new “progressive” elements in NAFTA 2.0: stronger labour standards, tougher environmental protection provisions as well as chapters on gender and Indigenous rights.
On that front, Canadian negotiators plan to use Canada's recently negotiated trade agreement with the European Union as a reference, Freeland said.
“Progressive elements are also important if you want a free-trade deal that's also a fair-trade deal,” Freeland said in a question-and-answer session following the speech at University of Ottawa.
Ottawa also aims to cut down on bureaucracy, harmonize regulations to ease the flow of cross-border business, push for more mobility for professionals and free up the market for government procurement, they told them audience.
Canada's positions will also include work to maintain key elements of the 23-year-old deal, including the process to ensure anti-dumping and countervailing duties are only applied when truly warranted.
Ottawa's negotiating team will sit down with their American and Mexican counterparts Wednesday in Washington for the first round of talks.
Last month, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer released the Trump administration's set of priorities for the NAFTA talks.
During the question and answer session, Freeland said they believe Canada and its NAFTA partners can find common ground on new chapters for labour, the environment, gender and Indigenous rights.
But they also warned that Canadians should brace for some tense exchanges during the NAFTA talks, in general.
“I think we all do need to be prepared for some moments of drama,” they said. “We should just see that as an expected part of any trade negotiations.”
MORE ABOUT NAFTA:
Today – Snow likely, mainly before 11 am. Cloudy, with a high near 24. Wind chill values as low as zero. Breezy, with a west southwest wind 6 to 15 mph becoming northwest in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 23 mph. Chance of precipitation is 60%. New snow accumulation of around an inch possible.
Tonight – A 40 percent chance of snow, mainly after 11 pm. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 9. North northwest wind 5 to 9 mph becoming light and variable in the evening. New snow accumulation of less than a half inch possible.
Tuesday – A 40 percent chance of snow before 11 am. Mostly cloudy, with a high near 21. Wind chill values as low as zero. Light and variable wind becoming west 8 to 13 mph in the morning. Winds could gust as high as 20 mph. New snow accumulation of less than a half inch possible.
Tuesday Night – Mostly cloudy, with a low around 5. West southwest wind 9 to 11 mph.
Wednesday – A 30 percent chance of snow. Partly sunny, with a high near 17. West wind 7 to 9 mph.
Wednesday Night – A 20 percent chance of snow. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 2. West wind around 8 mph becoming north northeast in the evening.
Thursday – A 20 percent chance of snow. Partly sunny, with a high near 16.
Thursday Night – A 20 percent chance of snow before 11 pm. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 6.
Friday – Partly sunny, with a high near 26.
Friday Night – Partly cloudy, with a low around 8.
Saturday – Partly sunny, with a high near 29.
Saturday Night – Mostly cloudy, with a low around 18. Breezy.
FARGO, N.D.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Don Kania, Ph.D., has been appointed to the Board of Directors of Aldevron, a leading global provider of plasmid DNA manufacturing, protein production and antibody discovery services. Dr. Kania joins Michael Chambers, CEO of Aldevron; and Ethan K. Liebermann and Mark H. Carter, both from TA Associates, on the board.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006332/en/
Don Kania, Ph.D., joins Aldevron board. (Photo: Business Wire)
“We welcome Don to the Aldevron board and look forward to their contributions as we grow the company and expand into new markets,” said Mr. Chambers. “He has successfully managed rapidly growing companies in the life science industry and brings significant scientific and management expertise and experience to the board. Don's leadership will allow us to manage our growth while enhancing the exceptional reputation Aldevron has built over the past 20 years.”
Dr. Kania brings more than 25 years of experience that includes scientific research and development, global operations, and manufacturing. They served as Chief Executive Officer and President of FEI Company (FEIC) from August 2006 until its sale to Thermo-Fisher in 2016 for $4.2 billion. Prior to FEI, Dr. Kania served as the Chief Operating Officer of Veeco Instruments Inc (VECO), which provides manufacturing and development tools for semiconductors, disk drives, LEDs and academic research. Before serving as COO they had served in roles of increasing responsibility at Veeco since January 1998.
Beginning in 1993, Dr. Kania served as a Senior Manager of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. They served as Research Director of Crystallume, a venture funded thin film diamond company, from 1991 to 1993. Dr. Kania's other experience includes nine years of research experience at the Department of Energy's Los Alamos and Livermore Laboratories. They have been a Director of Leupold & Stevens, Inc., a family owned sporting optics company, since 2012 and FEI Company since August 2006. They served as a Director and Audit Chair of American Science & Engineering Inc. (ASEI) from February 2010 until the company was sold to OSI in 2016. They serve on the board or as an advisor to several privately held life sciences companies.
“I am grateful to join Aldevron's Board of Directors and excited to work with the other members as we chart the path for the company's future,” commented Dr. Kania. “The company has built an outstanding reputation within the life sciences industry that has fueled its substantial growth. Aldevron plays an important role in the development and commercialization of biopharmaceuticals and makes significant contributions to revolutionary new treatments. The opening of a new 70,000 square-foot GMP facility this summer and the addition of new products, including GMP Cas9 nuclease, pALD-X80 AAV helper plasmid, and mRNA will enable us to meet the increasing demands of the industry.”
About Aldevron Aldevron serves the biotechnology industry with custom production of nucleic acids, proteins, and antibodies. Thousands of clients use Aldevron-produced plasmids, RNA and gene editing enzymes for projects ranging from discovery research to clinical trials to commercial applications. These products are critical raw materials and key components in commercially available drugs and medical devices. Aldevron specializes in GMP manufacturing and is known for inventing the GMP-Source™ quality system. Company headquarters are in Fargo, North Dakota, with additional facilities in Madison, Wisconsin, and Freiburg, Germany. To learn more, visit www.aldevron.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006332/en/
CONTACT: Aldevron
James Brown, 701-499-7330
Vice President, Corporate Development
james.brown@aldevron.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA NORTH DAKOTA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY NANOTECHNOLOGY HEALTH BIOTECHNOLOGY GENETICS INFECTIOUS DISEASES PHARMACEUTICAL RESEARCH OTHER SCIENCE SCIENCE
SOURCE: Aldevron
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 03:17 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 03:17 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006332/en
How did Cambridge Analytica get data on 50 million people when only 270,000 people had agreed to hand over their information to a third party? Facebook said people who downloaded the app gave consent for the app to collect limited information about their friends whose privacy settings were set to allow it.
That information was eventually paid for by Cambridge Analytica, the voter profiling company that worked with the Trump campaign.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story How Do You Use Tech? Advice and tips on the technology changing how you live. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
O.K., so what do I do now?
There is a multipronged approach you can take to protect yourself from data-harvesting apps and programs. That includes tools you can install in your browser and settings you can tweak on Facebook. Here's a run down of what you should do:
• Audit your Facebook apps. If you used Facebook to sign in to a third-party website, game or app, those services may continue to access your personal data. On Facebook, go to the settings page and click on the Apps tab to see which apps are connected to your account. From there, you can take a closer look at the permissions you granted to each app to see what information you are sharing. Remove any apps that you find suspicious or no longer use. (Facebook has also made some changes to prevent the gathering of detailed information of friends of users.)
• Audit your Facebook privacy settings. If you are concerned about what details apps can see about you and your Facebook friends, now is a good time to check your privacy settings and minimize the information you share publicly. For example, you can make sure that only your friends can see your Facebook posts, or that only you can see your friends list.
• Read privacy policies. When you sign up for a new app or web tool, the company typically asks you to agree to its terms of service. Make it a habit to peruse the terms and pay particular attention to the privacy policy. If you see language that suggests your data could be shared in a way that makes you uncomfortable, don't use the program.
• Install a tracker blocker. There are add-ons that you can install in your browser that try to block trackers embedded on websites. But be aware that in some cases, they will make parts of websites work improperly. In our tests, Disconnect and Privacy Badger were useful tools for blocking trackers on Google's Chrome browser.
Here's a primer on how tracking works, to give you a sense of why blockers are important: When you engage with an app on Facebook, it may plant a tracker in your web browser, like a cookie, that collects information from you. Even when you close out of the app, the tracker can continue to follow your activities, like the other sites you visit or the people you interact with through status updates, according to Michael Priem, chief executive of Modern Impact, an advertising firm in Minneapolis.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It doesn't go away after you've stopped looking at the ad,” they said.
• Install an ad blocker. Another way to block trackers is to prevent ads from loading altogether. Ad blockers are also add-ons that you can install for your browser on your mobile device or computer. Mobile ads are fully functioning programs, and they sometimes include malware that harvest some of your data. Even the largest websites do not have tight control over the ads that appear on their sites — and sometimes malicious code can appear inside their ad networks. A popular ad blocker among security researchers is uBlock Origin.
• Clear your browsing data. Periodically, you can clear your cookies and browsing history. Apple, Google and Microsoft have published instructions on how to clear data for their browsers Safari, Chrome and Internet Explorer. That will temporarily delete cookies and trackers, though they will probably reappear over time.
• Be wary of unknown brands. Even if you read the privacy policies, you still may have to take them with a grain of salt. In the case of the thisisyourdigitallife app, the fine print said the information would be collected for academic use, not commercial purposes. So think twice before sharing information with unfamiliar companies or organizations. (Then again, the researcher came from Cambridge University, one of the world's top schools — so who can you really trust?)
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Drug trafficking: Two South African communities give Nigerians quit notice
Two communities in South Africa have on Wednesday asked Nigerians to vacate their territories, the Nigerian Union claims. President of…
Read » Drug trafficking: Two South African communities give Nigerians quit notice on YNaija
This post was syndicated from YNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Dallas Stars and Vegas Golden Knights line up for a moment of silence for shooting victims in Las Vegas before an NHL hockey game in Dallas, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (AP Photo/LM Otero)
DALLAS (AP) — James Neal scored twice in the third period Friday night, rallying the Golden Knights to a 2-1 NHL victory over the Dallas Stars in the debut of the first major pro sports franchise in Las Vegas.
The expansion team was playing five days after the shooting that killed 58 people in Las Vegas, and the Dallas players honored the desert city by forming a line next to their Vegas counterparts before the national anthem.
With the video board reading "Viva Las Vegas" above the players, the public address announcer said "Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy."
Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 45 of 46 shots to help the Golden Knights become the first expansion to open with a victory since the Ottawa Senators in 1992. They also spoiled coach Ken Hitchcock's return to Dallas 18 years after they directed the franchise's only Stanley Cup title.
Both of Neal's goals came against Kari Lehtonen after Ben Bishop left with an apparent facial injury after taking a puck to the mask. Bishop had stopped all 19 shots in their Dallas debut after coming over in a trade with Los Angeles and signing a long-term contract with the Stars.
BLUE JACKETS 5, ISLANDERS 0
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Pierre-Luc Dubois scored in their NHL debut and Sergei Bobrovsky made 29 saves in the Columbus Blue Jackets' victory over the New York Islanders in season opener for both teams.
Rookie Sonny Milano scored 1:07 into the game, and the 19-year-old Dubois made it 5-0 midway through the second period. Cam Atkinson, Ryan Murray and Zach Werenski also scored, newcomer Artemi Panarin had three assists, and Alexander Wennberg added two assists.
Islanders starter Thomas Greiss made 21 saves before being pulled after giving up Dubois' goal. Jaroslav Halak stopped all 11 shots they faced in relief.
With all of the offensive opportunities created by the Blue Jackets, it could have been worse.
Columbus scored on its first shot of the season when Oliver Bjorkstrand shoveled the puck out from the back wall to Milano for a 10-footer that they snapped past Greiss.
LIGHTNING 5, PANTHERS 3
TAMPA, Florida (AP) — Steven Stamkos set up the go-ahead goal in their return from a right knee injury as Tampa Bay beat Florida in their opener.
Stamkos missed the final 65 games last season with a torn meniscus in the knee, an injury that required surgery. They sent a pass from the left circle through the slot to Vladislav Namestnikov, who put Tampa Bay up 3-2 from near the post 59 seconds into the final period during a power play.
Ondrej Palat had two goals, and Brayden Point and Nikita Kucherov also scored for the Lightning. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 33 saves.
Florida got goals from Connor Brickley Mark Pysyk and Jonathan Huberdeau, and Roberto Luongo stopped 20 shots. New Panthers Bob Boughner took the loss in their NHL coaching debut.
___
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Apr 24, 2018
Sisi Wei for ProPublica and Nick Fortugno of Playmatics made a game to provide a feeling of what it's like for someone who needs escape from their home.
Based on the real case files of five asylum seekers from five countries and interviews with the medical and legal professionals who evaluate and represent them, The Waiting Game is an experimental news game that lets you walk in the shoes of an asylum seeker, from the moment they choose to come to the United States to the final decision in the cases before an immigration judge.
Take your time with this one, and use your headphones.
In the game format, I felt more engrossed in the individual stories than I think if it were a linear profile story.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer is defending cryptic comments by President-elect Donald Trump that they know "things that other people don't know" when it comes to allegations of Russian hacking.
Spicer tells Fox News Channel's "Fox & Friends" that Trump is getting national security briefings "on a daily basis" and "there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence" Russians were behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election.
Spicer also dismissed on Monday a report released by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia, calling it a "how-to" manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats.
In an interview on NBC's "Today Show," Spicer said President Barack Obama only punished Russia after Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the election and that the recent sanctions were politically motivated.
The full list of languages is: Amharic, Armenian, Azerbaijani, Bengali, English (Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, Tanzania), Georgian, Gujurati, Javanese, Kannada, Khmer, Lao, Latvian, Malayalam, Marathi, Nepali, Sinhala, Sundanese, Swahili, Tamil, Telugu and Urdu. In total, this brings the grand total of Gboard's voice recognition to 119 languages.
Google has also added the ability for US English users to add emoji with simple voice dictation. If you say, "winky face emoji," the proper emoji will appear. Google's working on expanding this feature to more languages in the near future.
You can access these languages today in Cloud Speech API, which means that they will soon be available across Google services and products, including in apps such as Google Translate. You can download Gboard for Android from the Google Play Store.
The smaller Pixel 3 allegedly won't have the expansive screen or the cutout, the sources said. The 'XL' will feature two camera lenses in the notch and keep the thick "chin" bottom bezel to retain its forward-facing speakers. Both versions will still only have a single camera on the back and use software to imitate the iPhone's 'profile' blurred background effect. The phones will arrive in October (same as the last two years), with Verizon remaining the exclusive US carrier partner.
Other details are even more interesting. The sources noted that Google has talked about building its phones with Foxconn, which still manufactures iPhones. Further, some of the talent Google acquired from HTC in January has worked on the hardware and software for the Pixel 3, which seems like a tight turnaround. An upgraded Android OS with greater AI capabilities is also in the works, which may come as soon as next year.
As Ranbir Kapoor-starrer Sanju continues to smash records at the box office, Tweeple have taken to their social media platform to take a fun jibe at Sanjay Dutt's classroom scene from their film Munna Bhai MBBS. The memorable scene has been further re-created by Ranbir Kapoor in Sanjay Dutt's biopic Sanju. Helmed by Rajkumar Hirani, Sanju had hit the screens on June 29, 2018.
Based on the life of Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt, Sanju starring Ranbir Kapoor has emerged as one the biggest releases of 2018. As the twitterati stands divided, with some lauding Ranbir Kapoor for an outstanding film and some calling out the film as propaganda, Tweeple have taken to the social media platform to flag off a Sanju meme fest. Giving their own version to Sanjay Dutt's memorable scene from their film Munna Bhai MBBS, which has been recreated by Ranbir Kapoor in Sanju, the hilarious memes have left the internet laughing out loud.
With witty one lines and photo-shopping the face of Sanjay Dutt to replace with another celebrity to give the scene a funny twist, Sanju meme fest is nothing short of a laughter riot.
Here is the original classroom scene from Munna Bhai MBBS starring Sanjay Dutt:
From smashing box office records left right and centre, garnering appreciation from the film critics, Bollywood celebrities and the audience, Sanju is all set to emerge as one of the highest grossing films of 2018. From emerging as the highest opener of 2018, recording the highest single day collection for Hindi film and solidifying its position in the Rs 100 crore club in just 3 days, Sanju refuses to show any signs of slowing down at the box office.
Helmed by Rajkumar Hirani and bankrolled by Vidhu Vinod Chopra, Sanju also stars Paresh Raval, Vicky Kaushal, Manisha Koirala, Dia Mirza, Sonam Kapoor, Anushka Sharma, Jim Sarbh, Boman Irani and Karishma Tanna along with Ranbir Kapoor. The film had hit the screens on June 29, 2018.
After Sanju, Ranbir Kapoor will be seen in Ayan Mukerji's directorial Brahmastra co-starring Alia Bhatt and Amitabh Bachchan. Along with this, the actor will also be seen in Luv Ranjan's next with Ajay Devgn and Karan Malhotra's Shamshera co-starring Vaani Kapoor, that will hit the screens on July 31, 2020.
Sanju (movie) got released and creating history on the box office. Hence, many memes are flaunting on social media.. I found this one very hilarious 😀😀😀 pic.twitter.com/LkJoAJWzd8 — Sandeep Choudhary (@SinghboySandeep) July 3, 2018
Wo agar kisi ke bhi sath bura hota hai to mera naam lagana zaroori hai kya? pic.twitter.com/5Xx3rI0Ucs — Shubham Gupta (@just_shubhz) July 3, 2018
Ye "Bank Loan" lautana jaruri hai kya😭😭😶 pic.twitter.com/p81PUOQXyI — Mast Malang ^_^ (@sanket_daksha) July 2, 2018
Wo Bollywood me survive karne ke liye Karan Johar ki movie se debut karna jaruri hai kya?😂 pic.twitter.com/Zna0BSoqCL — Ꮪunil (@BadassAdian) July 2, 2018
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
FBN Holdings: Notice of 6th Annual General Meeting
Download FBN Holdings Notice of 6th Annual General Meeting
The post FBN Holdings: Notice of 6th Annual General Meeting appeared first on THISDAYLIVE.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Download English News App and stay updated with all Latest News.
For News in English , follow us on
The Gap from Roca is both functional and versatile. The furniture collection comes in six size options and three different colours and finishes, so you can achieve the look that best suits your room. From £113. www.uk.roca.com
It's the dream of any amateur musician to play on stage under the big lights and in front of a packed crowd, and now that dream has become a reality for one very special musical prodigy.
Takako Frautschi teaches piano to many talented musicians at the College-Conservatory of Music at the University of Cincinnati, but it's not often one of their pupils is chosen to play a Mozart concerto on stage with the Cincinnati Pops.
Especially when that pupil is only 9 years old.
"She has such a gift," I know they are so young, [but she's] feeling the music in such a mature way. They close their eyes and plays from their heart, Frautschi told local ABC affiliate WCPO.
When young Sophia Suwiryo found out they would soon be playing with the Cincinnati Pops, they and Frautschi immediately got to work.
"She has only been given two months to learn it," Frautschi said. "It requires a lot of practice just to be aware of every note."
It takes most of Frautschi's college students about a year to perfect the piece, but not Sophia -- they mastered it within two weeks, Frautschi said.
WCPO
Michael Suwiryo and Cindy Tanudji said they try and keep their daughter stimulated with several activities. They also attend Chinese school, swimming lessons and chess lessons.
Suwiryo said even before Sophia was born they would place headphones playing classical music on either side of their wife's pregnant belly.
"I heard about the Mozart effect," they said.
Tanudji was not as convinced, "I was like, 'OK, whatever.' I just watched comedy-drama on TV” they said.
Frautschi said Sophia's parents refer to them as "the boss." They truly love playing piano and doesn't get tired.
"Anything I demand, they get back to me with everything I assigned, and everything seems so easy for her," said Frautschi.
Tanudji said their daughter wants to learn to play other instruments as well.
"We're holding back right now," they said. "She keeps surprising us all of the time. We know they love piano, but never knew they were capable of playing this tough music. It's beyond their age ... every year, they surprise us."
WCPO
Sophia, who has been playing piano since they were 4, said they were ecstatic to learn that they were invited to play with the Pops.
"I was screaming and very happy. I am blessed that I get to play there," they said. "It feels like I'm a famous person, that I can be with them on stage."
Sophia said they get inspiration from both their parents.
"That is one of the things I want to be, [a pianist]," Sophia said. "I might want to be a surgeon, too."
Them parents said they're nervous but also incredibly proud of their daughter.
"It's a huge opportunity that I never dreamed for my daughter, that can go and perform at such an awesome place," Tanudji said. "There will be 3,500 people -- that is like playing at the [Cincinnati] Bengals stadium."
"It makes me forget they are only 9," their father added.
Sophia will have their big day in the spotlight Saturday morning at Cincinnati Music Hall.
Connecticut gas prices continue to remain flat while that national average price of a gallon of gas rose $.02 cents compared to the previous week, according to AAA Northeast.
Today, Connecticut's average price for a gallon of regular gas is $2.67, a scant six hundredth of a cent lower than this time last week. National prices, however, registered $2.55 today, three cents higher than this time last week.
“While gasoline prices nationally are trending upward, Connecticut is bucking that trend with prices at the pump generally remaining flat,” said Fran Mayko, AAA Northeast public affairs specialist. “It's possible that last week's nor'easter played a role in decreasing demand and lowering prices for gasoline in the state as commuters stayed off roads in the wake of the storm.”
Nationally, however, consumer gasoline demand is at the highest level on record for March, according to the Energy Information Administration. As demand strengthened over the last few weeks, gasoline inventories declined, pushing the national gas price average up.
AAA's weekly survey of prices in Connecticut's six regional areas as follows:
Greater Bridgeport $2.75
Lower Fairfield County $2.76
New Haven/Meriden $2.66
Greater Hartford $2.63
New London/Norwich $2.71
Windham/Middlesex $2.68
Statewide average $2.67
Today, Missouri registers the lowest average per-gallon prices at $2.27, followed by Mississippi and Alabama, both at $2.28. Hawaii continues to lead the pack with the highest prices in the nation at $3.51 followed by California at $3.41. Connecticut continues to hold the 10th spot with the highest prices in the nation.
AAA Northeast is a not-for-profit auto club with 65 offices in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, New Hampshire and New York, providing more than 5.7 million local AAA members with travel, insurance, finance, and auto-related services. In Connecticut, we serve a half-million member living in is Fairfield, New Haven, and Litchfield counties.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: Myjoyonline.com
2017-01-02
Solid K,Dancehall and Reggae artiste
New Dancehall and Reggae artiste, Kwaku Asamoah Brobbey known in showbiz as Solid K says they are in the industry to churn out contents that inspire and offer advise to their listeners.
They say what distinguishes their songs from the rest made by other Dancehall artistes in the country is the content.
“I strive to vary the content of my songs to suit my listeners,” they told Myjoyonline.com in an exclusive interview Monday.
The Economics and Information Studies graduate from the University of Ghana has been singing when they were a student at the West Africa Secondary School in Accra.
They performed at many School related events and dreamt of becoming the biggest reggae dancehall artist in Africa.
In 2015, Solid K released their first single “We high” which as premiered on Hitz FM by Kwame B and DJ Awana. This was followed by “I Know” on December 2016.
Video of the “I Know” song was broadcast on Youtube and had at least over 20,000 views within five days of posting.
Asked why they are into Reggae/Dancehall, Solid K said they have been a keen listener of Reggae legend Bob Marley's songs and appreciated the way they wove motivation into them.
“They inspired me and I want to replicate same to the current generation,” they said.
 They are currently working to release three other singles in the first half of 2017 dubbed, “Maradona, Hold On and Prayer.”
 They are optimistic about their career and the future of Raggae/Dancehall music in Africa.
The reason Floyd Mayweather's forthcoming fight with Conor McGregor is so eagerly anticipated is not because it's expected to be a particularly close contest – the American can currently be backed at odds as short as 1/7 – but because fight fans are intrigued as to how well the skills of a mixed martial artist will translate in the boxing ring.
McGregor is known as one of the greatest strikers in the UFC, with few of their opponents unable to survive their devastating pull-back left-hand counter. But how quickly will the Irishman have learnt the many nuances of boxing, with a set of skills that Mayweather has honed day in, day out for the past 30 years?
But McGregor is far from the first fighter to chance their arm in a different sport. From Muhammad Ali to Kimbo Slice, Ray Mercer to James Toney – the two sports of boxing and MMA have often found themselves entwining in surprising new ways.
Here, we run through some of the most memorable boxing vs MMA clashes.
Muhammad Ali vs Antonio Inoki
View photos Ali took place in a bizarre crossover clash (Getty) More
It's often forgotten that even The Greatest took part in a bizarre mismatch of boxing vs MMA. In 1976, as Ali's storied career was beginning to approach the end, they agreed to face Japan's biggest pro wrestling star. Why? “Six million dollars, that's why,” was their now legendary reply.
But the fight was a farce. Inoki was on their feet for the first 14 seconds of the very first three-minute round, and then lay flat on their back throughout. Their approach to the fight meant that it took until the seventh round for Ali to throw their first punch. They would throw five more before the fight was declared a draw, with the two making hasty exits from the ring amid a chorus of jeers.
Royce Gracie vs Art Jimmerson
A national Golden Gloves middleweight champion as an amateur and riding a 15-fight win streak in their normal sport, Art Jimmerson was no joke. Unfortunately, UFBut MC 1 was. The tournament of clashing styles pitted the boxer against Brazilian jiu jitsu star Royce Gracie, and when the fight went to the mat, Jimmerson had no chance.
Bizarrely, Jimmerson fought with only one glove on, after future UFC ref John McCarthy told them it could be difficult for the referee to spot them tapping out wearing a heavy boxing glove. That's exactly how the fight ended — although Jimmerson was clearly intrigued by their first foray into MMA. They now works as the head boxing coach at the UFC Gym in Torrance, California.
Ray Mercer vs Tim Sylvia
The fight between former world heavyweight boxing champion Mercer and reigning UFC heavyweight champ Syliva was meant to be a boxing match. But the New Jersey state athletic commission refused to sanction it, forcing a move into the cage, with 4 oz gloves.
Ahead of the fight there were a gentlemen's agreement between the pair that they would only throw punches at one another, thus rendering the contest a de facto boxing match. But it took Sylvia just seconds to break that agreement, when they struck Mercer with a hard inside leg kick.
Mercer's response? A booming overhand right before two more lighting quick rights on the mat. The boxer won via KO.
Kimbo Slice vs Brian Green
Kevin Ferguson aka Kimbo Slice found fame during the early days of YouTube, as videos of their brutal back-alley brawls began to go viral. They then decided to dip their toe into the world of professional MMA — with mixed results — before embarking on a boxing career.
Read More
And thus, 20 years ago, the term "Open Source" was born. The Open Source Initiative formed shortly after that, and one of the working group's founders — Bruce Perens — adapted the Free Software Guidelines they wrote for the Debian Linux distro to serve as the official Open Source Definition.
In the decades that followed, Open Source software and code have become inextricably woven into our shared digital lives, even in ways you might not be aware of. Sure, apps like LibreOffice and The GIMP get attention as full-featured replacements for costly, proprietary products, and Linux has made truly remarkable progress as a platform of choice in businesses around the world. In those cases, the value of Open Source is clear: It allowed contributors of different backgrounds and skill levels to collaboratively build valuable software.
Most people who buy Android devices, however, probably never think about the Open Source foundation of the software they use. Ditto for people who use WebKit-powered mobile browsers like Safari. The reach of Open Source code is almost unthinkably broad now, but as the Open Source Initiative celebrates the 20th anniversary of the Open Source label, we should take some time to remember that this wasn't always the case.
After all, free software isn't exactly a new phenomenon. Its roots stretch back into the computing cultures of the '70s, but were more formally codified in the '80s by legendary hacker Richard Stallman in a manifesto for their then-incomplete GNU operating system. GNU was meant to be a fully Unix-compatible OS available to whoever needed it, or whoever wanted to modify it to better suit their needs. The subsequent rise of the free-software movement wasn't one necessarily based on the needs of the market; it was an ideological endeavor forged out of a belief that users can and should be able to use, modify and share programs in a way that provides and protects those same freedoms for others. Note that this interpretation of free software doesn't necessarily take price into account. As the saying goes, it's "free" as in "freedom."
By the time the Open Source label was created, free projects like Linux (and all its variations) had already been embraced by major parties. The thing is, while the Open Source ethos was built on top of similar principles, the label itself was at least partially meant to close the gap between the free-software movement and the more mainstream business community. Eric S. Raymond, writer of the treatise that helped spark the Netscape situation, wrote in a note called Goodbye, "free software"; hello, "open source" that the vague meaning of "free" software made "corporate types" nervous.
"We now have a pragmatic interest in converting these people rather than thumbing our noses at them," Raymond said in their post. "There's now a chance we can make serious gains in the mainstream business world without compromising our ideals and commitment to technical excellence."'
When the Open Source Initiative was officially formed, its motive wasn't explicitly to make freely available, freely modifiable software more palatable to businesses. It was to make such software more palatable to everyone, to prove that such accessible code was a viable alternative for — or in some cases, a valuable additive to — proprietary software. Needless to say, the industry got the picture.
As a result, however, tension began to develop between adherents to Stallman's classical, ideologically pure approach to free software and the more market-friendly ethos embodied by the OSI. Even now, the debate hasn't fully settled — just look at some of the myriad takes on the matter. Still, there's little question that the groundswell of enthusiasm and advocacy for Open Source software that followed allowed valuable tools to flourish and adapt for use in ways we couldn't have expected 20 years ago. As a result, Open Source software forms many of the technological foundations we take for granted, and will continue to fuel new ideas and new approaches to problems we as enter the movement's third decade.
Coach Appiah took a risk by starting Lumor Agbenyenu, Thomas Agyepong and Raphael Dwamena, in addition to putting home-based goalie Richard Ofori in post and featuring also fairly new Ebenezer Ofori for the all-important 2019 Group F Africa Nations Cup opener which also marked their return to the Stars as the head coach.
Black Stars coach, Kwasi Appiah, has commended the debutants they paraded in last Sunday's AFCON qualifier against Ethiopia for vindicating them and proving that, given the chance, they can also do something for the nation.
And on the day, all four players endeared themselves to Ghanaians with splendid displays, leading to a brace by Dwamena and a picturesque drive by Ofori, while Agyepong and Agbenyenu also contributed immensely to the 5-0 walloping of the Walias of Ethiopia.
“The new players performed so well. They showed that, given the chance, they can also do something for the nation,” an elated Kwasi Appiah told the Graphic Sports in an exclusive interview yesterday.
“All along my ambition has been to build a strong team with a wide range of players to choose from and I was impressed with what I saw on Sunday.”
“Each of the players did so well and that was something I was happy about. I want to leave something behind that I can be remembered for so we are going to continue with the exercise,” Coach Appiah reiterated.
“Our tactical plan was to stop them from playing in the first 30 minutes and unsettle them with early goals and that was exactly what the players did,” they revealed.
Asked why they did not feature any local player in the game apart from goalkeeper Ofori, they explained that their intention was to introduce some home-based players into the team first to give them the needed exposure so they could get the needed confidence to play whenever they got the opportunity.
“My idea was to introduce them to the team for the first time to give them exposure and build their confidence so they can fit into the team anytime they are given the chance,” they said.
The Stars coach was also thrilled by the massive support the Stars enjoyed from Ghanaians at the Baba Yara Stadium in Kumasi last Sunday.
“The supporters were so marvellous on Sunday, to the extent that even though it rained they still defied it to support the team. It is something I will never forget,” they noted.
They also thanked the Asantehene, Otumfuo Osei Tutu II, and the media for their support before and after the match.
“We thank God for the victory and we will work harder to build upon it.”
He, however, expressed their disgust at the diversionary tactics being played by some people over the captain's armband just to play down on such an impressive performance by the Stars.
By Staff on June 29, 2016
Digital learning has taken on a whole new meaning. Photo: Shutterstock.
The Poynter Institute for Media Studies has announced that it will remake its News University e-learning platform with $758,000 from the Knight Foundation . Poynter, which is based in St. Petersburg, Florida, said the funding will allow it to build a mobile-friendly platform that is more responsive to the needs of its audiences and promote the growth of talent, leadership and learning in journalism.
The plan marks the first major upgrade to News University in seven years, said Poynter, a journalism education and strategy center. News University is the world's largest online journalism learning platform, it said.
“The redesigned site will offer on-demand and mobile-tailored courses. It will apply digital training techniques using games, interactive hands-on practice and video,” said Poynter. The institute will also explore ways to integrate News University with its news site, making it easier for people to learn about its in-person, online and corporate training partnerships, as well as its in-depth coverage of the media industry.
Through the process, Poynter will further expand its teaching to non-journalists who would benefit from learning about writing, communication, leadership, critical thinking, audience development, social media and more.
“By connecting the dots of Poynter's expansive body of work to support excellence in journalism and democracy, Poynter will be the largest single resource for working journalists throughout their career,” said Poynter President Tim Franklin. “In today's complex and evolving digital landscape, the demand for continuing education has never been greater. This new platform will allow Poynter to continue its tradition of innovation in journalism education.”
“In the digital age, journalists are required to constantly update their skills and keep up with a fast-changing media landscape,” said Shazna Nessa, Knight Foundation director for journalism. “News University can be an essential partner in this goal.”
The foundation said that support for The Poynter Institute is part of its efforts to expand digital journalism training opportunities, support emerging leaders and strengthen the network of people working to advance the practice of journalism. Knight also supported a relaunch of the e-learning project in 2009 with $1.4 million, including the development of News University International.
Poynter's News University launched in 2005 with $2.8 million from the Knight Foundation. In the last 11 years, News University has served more than 370,000 people and offered 400 interactive course modules with training in seven languages. In 2015, class enrollments at NewsU reached a record of more than 102,000 people.
The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, which is based in Miami, supports transformational ideas that promote quality journalism, advance media innovation, engage communities and foster the arts.
Prepare for ‘difficult' Tottenham, Willian warns teammates
Willian has called on Chelsea to respect the threat Tottenham poses to ending Antonio Conte's Premier League winning streak.
Chelsea beat Stoke 4-2 at Stamford Bridge on New Year's Eve – with two goals from Brazilian winger Willian – to extend their run to 13 straight top-flight victories, with Conte's Blues six points ahead of second-placed Liverpool.
Spurs are desperate to cut into Chelsea's lead at the top of the table heading into Wednesday's London derby at White Hart Lane, and Willian says their team-mates must keep up the effort in order to collect another win which would set a new Premier League record.
“It will be a very difficult game, we are playing away so we have to prepare to make sure we keep going in the same way,” they told Chelsea's official website.
“We are going there to try to win the game.
“We did a great job because it was a very difficult game for us against Stoke.
“It's now 13 victories in a row but we have to continue working hard. We feel very confident.
“We conceded two goals but we continued to play, which was the most important thing for us, and we did well.”
Willian was an unexpected casualty of Conte's switch to a 3-4-3 formation, but has started to find form after winning Chelsea's Player of the Year award last term.
The 28-year-old added: “There is no doubt about [it]. I feel much better now, I scored two goals and I'm very happy.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By KEN THOMAS
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - President Donald Trump says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin (mih-NOO'-shin) will soon travel to China for talks as the two global economic powers deal with trade tensions.
Trump says during a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that Mnuchin will be going to China "in a few days to negotiate on trade." Trump says the U.S. and China are "very serious" and is reiterating plans to impose tariffs up to $100 billion more on Chinese goods.
Trump says the U.S. "will continue unless we make a trade deal." But they add, "I think we've got a very good chance of making a deal."
Mnuchin has expressed optimism that the countries could avoid a trade war. They met last week with financial officials from China, Japan and Europe.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
On Friday May 25, Harvey Weinstein turned themselves into to the authorities on criminal charges. Sources say before they turned themselves in, they were planning a documentary that would tell their side of the story.
According to the sources, Weinstein reached out to industry professionals to help them make this said film. “He wanted to make a film they could control – he'd been calling people.” However, a rep for Weinstein said, “He isn't interested in a documentary about their experience. It didn't happen.”
Weinstein was involved in a scandal in which dozens of women accused them of sexual harassment and assault. They have denied the claims.
Weinstein's lawyer, Ben Brafman said they “intends to file a motion to dismiss the charges as being legally flawed and not supported by credible evidence.”
Though Weinstein might not be able to make the documentary himself, there have been outside parties looking into making a film about the mogul and the launch of the #MeToo movement.
Joseph Seviroli Inc., Garden City, N.Y., is recalling approximately 114,409 pounds of beef ravioli products due to misbranding and undeclared allergens. The products contain milk, a known allergen, which is not declared on the products labels.
The beef ravioli items were produced on Jan. 9, 2017 to May 10, 2017. The following products are subject to recall:
25-oz. bag of “LOWES foods beef ravioli square shaped,” with lot code 7040 and a sell by date of 2/9/2018.
30-oz. bag of “Big Y SQUARE Beef Ravioli,” with lot code 7009 and 7130, and sell by dates of 1/9/18 and 5/10/2018.
13-oz. bag of “Seviroli Beef Ravioli,” with lot codes 7041, 7042, 7107, 7109, 7118, 7130, and 7079, and sell by dates of 2/10/18, 2/11/18, 4/17/18, 4/19/18, 4/28/17, 5/10/18, and 3/20/18.
24-oz. bag of “BEST YET beef ravioli,” with lot code 7065 and a sell by date of 3/6/18.
20-lb bulk bag of “SEV MINI HEX BEEF RAVIOLI PAR-COOKED,” with lot codes 7034, 7065 and 7100 and package codes of 7034, 7065, and 7100
20-oz bag of “V's PRE-COOKED SQUARE BEEF RAVIOLI,” with lot codes 7034, 7040, 7065 and 7100 and sell by dates of 2/3/18, 2/9/18, 3/6/18, and 4/10/18.
The products subject to recall bear establishment number “EST. 5342” inside the USDA mark of inspection. These items were shipped to distribution locations in Missouri, New Jersey, Ohio, and Rhode Island.
The problem was discovered on June 6, 2017, when the company received notification from an ingredient supplier that the cracker meal the company received and used in the recalled products potentially contained undeclared milk.
Nigeria appoints Timi Dakolo, Mr Eazi as anti-tobacco lead campaigners
Their appointment was to leverage on their influence with young Nigerians.
The post Nigeria appoints Timi Dakolo, Mr Eazi as anti-tobacco lead campaigners appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
There's a chance to question council officials tomorrow (Tuesday) about possible changes to bin collections in Central Bedfordshire, including the option of moving to a three-weekly collection and charging £40 annually for garden waste.
Central Beds Council's consultation runs until April 20 and tomorrow a drop-in event is taking place between 10am and 12noon at Leighton Buzzard Library.
The council has been at pains to point out that at this stage they are merely seeking residents' opinions on potential new arrangements and that this is a “genuine” consultation.
Currently only 17 out of 369 district and unitary authorities responsible for waste collection have moved to a three-weekly operation for general rubbish. Rather more councils (30%) now charge for garden waste collections.
Some of the options being mooted could see new services introduced, such as food waste and glass, while others suggest changes to the current arrangements for recycling, domestic waste (black bins) and garden waste.
It says bin collections are one of the most expensive services the council provides: the council currently spends £14million a year on collecting and disposing of waste from over 118,000 households. That amounts to around 7% of the council's budget, or 9% of residents' council tax.
Because the current bin contracts are about to come to an end, the council is seeking ways to reduce the cost of the service; increase efficiencies; and increase recycling levels.
The options consulted on could save the council over £2million every year, which is money it can invest in other vital services, such as those for vulnerable adults and children.
You can have your say online at www.centralbedfordshire.gov.uk/bin-changes or you can pick up a paper copy from your local library or tidy tip.
The council's Executive will consider all of the public feedback at its meeting on 10 May 2018. Any changes would be implemented in autumn 2019.
Mr. Pishevar's offer, however, is dependent on Benchmark — which led a move to oust Travis Kalanick as Uber's chief executive — selling 75 percent of its stake in the ride-hailing service, and in that way giving up its board seat.
Gearing Up for Nafta Talks
President Trump's tough talk on the North American Free Trade Agreement will finally be put to the test this week as the United States, Canada and Mexico meet to discuss the pact.
Mr. Trump wants a “better deal for Americans.” According to their administration, here's what that would look like:
• Eliminating “unfair subsidies.”
• Culling “market-distorting” practices by state-owned businesses.
• Improving intellectual property protections.
Canada and Mexico are expected to press hard against many of those proposals.
The talks will test the Trump administration's relationship with the American auto industry, which has embraced Nafta to move significant car production to Mexico.
Here's a rundown by Bloomberg of who will be doing the negotiating for each of the three countries.
The Fallout From the Google Diversity Memo
Google has had to cancel a forum meant to address the employee memo arguing that biology underpinned the shortage of female engineers in Silicon Valley.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But employees still took to the company's message boards — including one devoted to memes — to express their feelings.
The author of the memo, James Damore, has written an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal about their firing.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the DealBook Newsletter Every weekday, twice a day, get the news driving the markets and the latest on mergers and acquisitions. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“When I first circulated the document about a month ago to our diversity groups and individuals at Google, there was no outcry or charge of misogyny,” they wrote. “I engaged in reasoned discussion with some of my peers on these issues, but mostly I was ignored.”
Silicon Valley is still grappling with numerous allegations of sexual harassment that have shaken start-ups, incumbents and investors. And top figures in the industry say there may be more to come, according to the head of a trade group representing venture capital companies.
A former employee of Social Finance, a hot financial start-up, sued the company on Friday, arguing that they had been fired after reporting incidents of female employees being harassed by managers.
Tough Road for Retail
It's a hard time for retailers, judging by the latest quarterly results of Macy's. And J. C. Penney. And Kohl's.
Glimmers of hope for the industry had appeared on the horizon before the earnings reports, with some suggesting that the worst of the retail apocalypse had passed.
But softer-than-expected profit margins at J. C. Penney and fewer transactions at Kohl's continued to spook investors. Shares in Penney fell 16 percent on Friday, while those in Kohl's declined 2 percent.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As bad as Penney's and Macy's results have been, however, they pale in comparison to the decade-long travails of Sears.
Once a retail behemoth, Sears was supplanted first by Walmart, and then by Amazon.
Sears stores have been bedeviled by ills large and small, from leaky roofs to stained carpets and broken mannequins, according to former employees who spoke to The Times.
Under its majority investor and chief executive, Edward S. Lampert, Sears borrowed heavily to buy back shares. But Mr. Lampert also appears to be building a moat around their investment. Last year, Sears sold much of its property to another publicly traded company, Seritage Growth Properties. Mr. Lampert was the chief executive and largest shareholder of Sears, as well as the chairperson of the board of trustees for Seritage. The move meant that Sears had to pay rent on real estate it once owned, to the benefit of Seritage investors.
Some analysts say that it is now almost inevitable that, in spite of fixes that Sears is pursuing in its stores, the company is eventually destined for Chapter 11.
“There has been a long, steady sale of assets to the point where the cupboard is pretty bare,” said Ken Perkins, the president of the research provider Retail Metrics.
Netflix Hits Back at Disney, Hiring Rhimes
In the brewing fight between Netflix and Disney, Netflix has scored a huge blow: stealing away the hitmaker Shonda Rhimes.
Netflix's announcement early Monday that it had secured Ms. Rhimes, the creator of “Grey's Anatomy” and “Scandal,” to an exclusive deal took a key creative force away from ABC, which is owned by Disney.
“Grey's Anatomy” and “Scandal” will stay at ABC, as will some shows already in development, like a “Grey's Anatomy” spinoff. But for Disney, the loss of the woman behind its entire Thursday night lineup could be notable — ABC is in last place among the demographic that advertisers crave the most.
The deal with Ms. Rhimes may help address fears that Netflix was in serious trouble after Disney announced plans to pull its content from the streaming giant. Shares in Netflix slid 5 percent last week, though the company's market value remains a robust $74 billion.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In recent days, Netflix has announced deals with prominent partners like the directors Joel and Ethan Coen, the talk show host David Letterman, and Mark Millar, the comic book writer behind “Kick-Ass” and “Kingsman.”
How can a genuinely democratic, equitable and sustainable society be created? Donate to order this gift now!
Lawyers for President Donald Trump's longtime personal attorney Michael Cohen are racing to review millions of files seized by the FBI in last month's raids of their home, office and hotel room, but they say they are running out of time.
Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
In a hearing in Manhattan on Wednesday, Judge Kimba Wood of the Southern District of New York set a deadline of June 15 to complete their review, despite strenuous objections from Cohen's legal team.
Cohen's lawyers said they have about 3.7 million files to sift through, but they are only about a third of the way to completion.
“We are moving heaven and earth,” said Todd Harrison, one of Cohen's attorneys. “We have people sleeping on couches. We are working around the clock.”
Steven Ryan, Cohen's lead counsel, told the judge “I need more time” and lobbied — unsuccessfully — for a mid-July deadline. The judge said they needed to balance the need for a careful review with the need to move the case forward and noted that the special master, who is also reviewing documents as they are produced by the government, had no problem “speeding up as necessary.”
If Cohen's legal team is unable to complete their review, Judge Wood said they would assign any remaining material to a government “taint team,” a group of federal prosecutors not directly involved in the case, to decide what if any material is subject to the attorney-client privilege.
Elizabeth Williams/AP, FILE
Federal prosecutors also revealed for the first time that among the items seized Cohen last months was a shredding machine, the contents of which are among the only items that the government has not yet turned over to the special master or Cohen's legal team.
Federal prosecutors declined to comment on whether they would try to reassemble the contents of the shredder before turning them over or whether the very existence of a shredding machine necessitated the search warrant out of fear Cohen was attempting to destroy evidence. In defending the raids, the Justice Department has previously expressed concern that “absent a search warrant, these records could have been deleted without record, and without recourse for the law enforcement.”
The hearing was otherwise dominated by Michael Avenatti, the firebrand attorney who represents adult-film star Stormy Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford. Avenatti has taken to Twitter in recent weeks to accuse both Cohen and Trump of various forms of corruption unrelated to the civil case Daniels filed against Trump in California, and they have sought to intervene in the federal case against Cohen in New York while using court appearances to continue their public crusade against them.
Avenatti is not admitted to the bar in New York State, so they filed paperwork asking the judge to allow them to appear in court specifically for this case, but the judge made it clear that would they would not tolerate any attempts by Avenatti to seek “publicity” from their appearance in their courtroom.
“You will not be able to use this court as a platform,” Judge Wood said. “Until you are admitted here I don't expect you to be heard. I can't control what you do outside.”
Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images
Cohen's attorney Ryan accused Avenatti of self-interested grandstanding, saying Avenatti's release of some of Cohen's financial records amounted to a “premeditated drive-by shooting” of Cohen's rights.
“He is involved in ways that call attention to himself,” Ryan said in opposition to Avenatti's motion to be admitted. “This is about the aggrandizement of a single attorney.”
An attorney for President Trump, Joanna Hendon, joined Cohen's in seeking to keep Avenatti out of the case, saying Avenatti “is prepared to be not straightforward” with the court and accusing them of being “cute” with the facts.
Avenatti denied doing anything improper and complained about audio recordings of a conversation between Cohen and Daniels' prior lawyer Keith Davidson that were leaked to the Wall Street Journal. Ryan, however, assured the judge that any audio tapes in their possession remain “under lock and key.”
Shortly after the hearing, Avenatti withdrew their application for admission without prejudice, meaning they could choose to renew the motion at a later time, though they do not appear to be stepping back from the case.
They took to Twitter on Wednesday afternoon, promising to continue to “bring the facts and evidence to the American people.”
ABC News' James Hill and Josh Margolin contributed to this report.
— Main Menu — Home News - Local News - News Updates - Ohio News - National News - World News - News Briefs - Financial - Entertainment - Comics & Puzzles - Courier Road Report Sports - Local Sports - National Sports - Sports Extra - - MLB Highlights - - PGA Tour - - NASCAR Racing - - NFL Talk - - College Football - - NBA Basketball - Sports Buzz Ohio - Blanchard River Buzz - Orange & Black Attack - NASCAR Racing Family - Family News - Inside Editions - - Weekend Edition - - Clipper Coupons - - Online Circulars - - Today's Obituaries - - Parade - - Findlay Bicentennial - Celebrations Weekly - Community Calendar - City Directory - Courier Bridal Obituaries - Published Obituaries - Today's Obituaries Opinion - Editorials - Columns - - Historical Highlights - Letters to the Editor - Feature Blogs - Reader Polls Weather - School Delays - Event Cancellations - Traffic Conditions - CourierCam - Flood Portal The Docket Classifieds - Search Classifieds - Employment - Real Estate - Rentals - For Sale - Vehicles - Garage Sales Map - Open House Map - Ad Rates - Place Ad - Credit Application - Legal Notices Media - Photos - - The Flood of 2007 - Video - Photo Sales - CourierCam - SocialFindlay - Broadcast - - WFIN -1330 AM - - WKXA -100.5 FM - - 106.3 The Fox Member Service - Manage Account - Member Guide 2016 - Member Rewards - Sales Locations - Courier Directory - Submission Forms - Ad Rates Archives
GUEST VIEW — Advancing solar power development
Smart politicians can tell which way the wind is blowing, which may be how Gov. Roy Cooper worked out of a political dilemma last week.
Cooper signed House Bill 589 but immediately issued an executive order to mitigate an unwise, anti-industry provision added by the Senate.
In whole, the bill advances the development of solar power in North Carolina. It was supported by renewable energy groups, many environmentalists and Duke Energy.
The Senate added an 18-month moratorium on permitting new wind energy projects, claiming a review was needed to find out the impact on military operations.
This “dealt a huge — and totally unnecessary — blow” to eastern North Carolina communities, the N.C. Sustainable Energy Association said.
It was unnecessary because both the Federal Aviation Administration and the Department of Defense must approve wind-energy developments. If they find that the giant wind turbines — as tall as 400 feet — pose a hazard to civilian or military aviation, radar or other operations, they can say no. They don't need help from the N.C. legislature.
This moratorium was an expression of opposition to wind energy in general. It tells developers to go somewhere else.
Cooper sent a different message. Their order directs the state's Department of Environmental Quality and Coastal Resources Commission to expedite “pre-application and review and processing” of permits for new or expanded wind-energy developments so final permits can be granted as quickly as possible when the moratorium expires on Dec. 31, 2018. It also tells the Department of Commerce to continue recruiting wind-energy companies.
Only one industrial wind-energy project is operating in North Carolina, the Amazon Wind Farm US East in Pasquotank and Perquimans counties. More than 100 turbines are running, and that number could increase later. Apex Clean Energy is proposing a project of similar size in the same region but expressed serious concerns about the moratorium.
Cooper's reassurances could soothe nervous investors, but there are legitimate worries that an 18-month halt could be extended if the Senate maintains its anti-wind posture. That would be a costly mistake.
Wind is a growing part of the nation's energy portfolio. No wonder. It's abundant, clean and free. Of course there are significant costs to capturing wind energy, but those costs are declining. Furthermore, producing turbines creates good manufacturing jobs. Leasing land to place these turbines puts money into property owners' hands. Often, they're farmers who can still grow crops or graze livestock on most of their land with little disruption. And these projects pay millions in local taxes to help support schools and other services.
North Carolina doesn't have coal. It has relatively modest deposits of natural gas, yet to be tapped. There could be oil or gas offshore, where drilling is risky and expensive.
It has plenty of wind and sun. As technologies improve for capturing these renewable resources, it makes more and more commercial sense to move in that direction. That's which way the wind is blowing.
— from the News & Record of Greensboro.
NEW YORK (AP) — A would-be suicide bomber inspired by Islamic State extremists strapped on a crude pipe bomb, slipped unnoticed into the nation's busiest subway system and set the device off at rush hour Monday in a scenario that New York has dreaded for years, authorities said.
In the end, the only serious wounds were to the suspect identified as Akayed Ullah, a 27-year-old Bangladeshi immigrant and former cab driver. But the attack sent terrified commuters fleeing through a smoky passageway, and three people suffered headaches and ringing ears from the first bomb blast in the subway in more than two decades.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Democratic Mayor Bill de Blasio said. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals.”
The suspect had looked at Islamic State propaganda online and told investigators they acted alone in retaliation for U.S. military aggression, law enforcement officials said.
In Washington, President Donald Trump said the explosion highlighted the need to change immigration policies, including the type of family-based visa Ullah obtained to come to the U.S. in 2011. Such visas are “incompatible with national security,” the Republican president said in a statement.
“America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country,” said Trump, who campaigned on cracking down on immigration.
The attack near Times Square came less than two months after eight people died near the World Trade Center in a truck attack authorities said was carried out by an Uzbek immigrant who admired the Islamic State group.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by IS but apparently did not have any direct contact with the group. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said there was no evidence, so far, of other bombs or a larger plot. They said officials were exploring whether Ullah had been on authorities' radar, but there was no indication yet that they are.
Cuomo said there was reason to believe the attacker looked at bomb-making instructions online.
Investigators described the bomb as a low-tech explosive device attached to Ullah with “Velcro and plastic ties.” It was ignited with a Christmas light, matches and a nine-volt battery. The short pipe was packed with explosive powder but did not work as intended. It was not powerful enough to turn the pipe into deadly shrapnel, the officials said.
Investigators said the suspect was seen on surveillance footage putting the circuits together with their hands and igniting the bomb.
Some of the bomb-making materials may have been bought commercially. The pipe may have been obtained from their job where they worked as an electrician, one official said.
Authorities were searching Ullah's Brooklyn home and a nearby rented space, interviewing witnesses and relatives, reviewing their subway fare card and looking for surveillance footage that might show their movements in the moments before the 7:20 a.m. attack.
Security cameras captured the attacker walking casually through a crowded passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues when the bomb went off amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” said Elrana Peralta, a Greyhound customer-service worker who was working at the Port Authority bus terminal near the blast, though they did not hear it. Instead, they heard people yelling, “Get out! Get out! Get out!”
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from their jacket to their pants and the device strapped to their torso under their coat. They said they were reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed theirs hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff.
Law enforcement officials said the suspect was speaking with investigators from the hospital bed where they were being treated for burns to their hands and abdomen.
They were “all over the place” on the question of motive, but indicated they wanted to avenge U.S. aggression against the Islamic State, one official said.
The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah came to the U.S. on an F-4 visa, available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, the Department of Homeland Security said. Trump's administration has called for a “merit-based” immigration system that would limit family-based green cards to spouses and minor children. A White House spokesperson said Monday that the proposed policy would have kept Ullah out of the U.S.
They had been licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, but the license was allowed to lapse, according to law enforcement officials and New York City's Taxi and Limousine Commission. They had been in two car accidents during their time driving, one law enforcement official said.
Ullah lived with their father, mother and brother in a Brooklyn neighborhood with a large Bangladeshi community, residents said. The family's red, two-story brick home is just off a shopping strip.
A statement on behalf of the family sent by the New York Chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations said they were “deeply saddened” by the attack but also “outraged by the way we have been targeted by law enforcement, including a teenage relative of the suspect who was pulled from class and questioned in their school without a parent guardian or attorney.”
News of Ullah's arrest stunned Alan Butrico, who owns the house next door and a locksmith business two doors down.
“It's very weird,” Butrico said. “You never know who your neighbors are.”
The last bomb to go off in the subway system was believed to be in December 1994, when an explosive made from mayonnaise jars and batteries wounded 48 people in a car in lower Manhattan.
The Times Square subway station is the city's busiest, with 64 million riders passing through every year. The subway system as a whole carried over 1.7 billion people last year.
Monday's explosion triggered a massive emergency response both above and below ground, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.” But streets quickly began returning to normal.
“This is one of my nightmares, right: a terrorist attack in the subway system,” Cuomo, a Democrat, later told cable channel NY1.
“The good news is: We were on top of it,” they said, and “the reality was not as bad as the fear.”
___
Associated Press writers Tom Hays, Jennifer Peltz, Jake Pearson, Kiley Armstrong, Larry Neumeister and David James Jeans in New York, Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles, Matt Pennington in Washington, D.C., and AP researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Colleen Long on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/ctlong1 .
#BBNaija: Alex shares first post as they go on Media Tour (Photos)
Big Brother Naija 2018 4th runner-up, Asogwa Alexandra Amuche Sandra fondly called Alex has shared their First Post & Picture.
The Enugu state indigene is set for their media tour this afternoon and they look absolutely stunning rocking a new hair, a black jumpsuit, a scarf and a bag to match.
They wrote:
Good morning my UNUSUAL FAM ,hoping today is as beautiful as the smile u all have put on my face since my arrival,today marks the beginning of my media tour and I trust it's gonna be fun ,love y'all
.
Hair @leevenchybrand
MUA @leevenchy_brand_intl .
.
#teamalex #teamunusual
Photos below:
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post #BBNaija: Alex shares first post as they go on Media Tour (Photos) appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CLEVELAND (AP) — Los Angeles Dodgers Yasiel Puig has been suspended one game and fined by Major League Baseball for making an obscene gesture to Indians fans on Tuesday night.
Puig flashed the middle finger on both hands at fans sitting behind home plate at Progressive Field after hitting a home run in the second inning. Baseball executive Joe Torre announced the one-game penalty and undisclosed fine.
Puig is appealing the decision and will play Wednesday night. The mercurial player said they "stooped" to the level of fans who they said were heckling them in the on-deck circle. Puig said that the group of fans kept talking to them after the home run.
The suspension is the latest incident involving Puig, who has tried the Dodgers' patience with previous behavior.
Puig got two hits in the Dodgers' 7-5 win over the Indians.
President Donald Trump's pick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid advised Vice President Mike Pence on health care issues while they were Indiana's governor, a post they maintained amid a web of business arrangements — including one that ethics experts say conflicted with their public duties.
A review by The Associated Press found Seema Verma and their small Indianapolis-based firm made millions through consulting agreements with at least nine states while also working under contract for Hewlett Packard. The company holds a financial stake in the health care policies Verma's consulting work helped shape in Indiana and elsewhere.
Them firm, SVC Inc., collected more than $6.6 million in consulting fees from the state of Indiana since 2011, records show. At the same time, records indicate they also received more than $1 million through a contract with Hewlett, the nation's largest operator of state Medicaid claims processing systems.
Last year, their firm collected an additional $316,000 for work done for the state of Kentucky as a subcontractor for HP Enterprises, according to documents obtained by AP through public records requests.
In financial disclosures posted this week, Verma reported they have an agreement to sell SVC Inc. to Health Management Associates of Lansing, Michigan, within 90 days of their confirmation.
In a statement, a spokesperson for Verma said there was no conflict of interest and added that they have the support of former officials who served with them under Pence.
Them firm was "completely transparent in regards to its relationship with HP and that there was never a conflict of interest," spokesperson Marcus Barlow said in a statement.
A spokesperson for Pence did not respond to a request for comment.
Verma faces a Senate Finance Committee hearing on Thursday. Democrats in Washington are aware of many of their consulting arrangements, and have broader concerns about their philosophy about government entitlement programs, lack of background in Medicare and inexperience leading a large organization.
As a trusted adviser to Pence, they had an office in the state government center and took on duties usually reserved for state administrators. Verma was also widely respected for their grasp on policy and designed a federal Medicaid waiver that allowed Pence to undertake their own conservative expansion of the program while still accepting money made available through the Affordable Care Act.
Verma did not specifically address how they would handle decisions related to HP in a letter to the Department of Health and Human Services that was released this week. The letter outlined their plan for managing potential conflicts of interest should they be confirmed by the Senate to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. Them relationship with HP was first reported by the Indianapolis Star in 2014.
Legal and ethics experts contacted by AP say Verma's work for Hewlett, and offshoot HP Enterprises, raised questions about where their loyalties lay — to the company, or to state taxpayers.
Richard Painter, former President George W. Bush's chief ethics lawyer, called Verma's arrangement a "conflict of interest" that "clearly should not happen and is definitely improper."
Such arrangements are typically prohibited for rank-and-file state employees under Indiana's ethics rules and laws, but they're murkier when it comes to consulting work. Contractors have often replaced state employees in a GOP bid to drive down the number of public employees, distinctions between the two can be hard to discern.
"She was cloaked with so much responsibility and so much authority, people thought they were a state employee," said Debra Minot, a former head of Indiana's Family and Social Services Agency under Pence who worked with Verma.
Indiana University law professor David Orentlicher compared Verma's dual employment to an attorney who represents both the plaintiff and the defense in a lawsuit. It's also similar to federal contract negotiator with a side job for a company they regularly negotiate with, they said.
"If you have one person on both sides of the negotiating, they can't negotiate hard for both sides," said Orentlicher, a former Indiana Democratic state lawmaker.
There was at least one instance where Verma crossed the line in Indiana when they were dispatched by HP to help smooth over a billing dispute, said Minot.
"It was never clear to me until that moment that she, in essence, was representing both the agency and one of our very key contractors," said Minot, who was removed as head of the agency by Pence over their disagreements with Verma. "It was just shocking to me that they could play both sides."
State contracts show Verma's duties to Indiana and Hewlett have overlapped at times. One agreement they held with the state's social services agency required them to "provide technical assistance" to state contractors, as well as the governor's office. Another duty was "contract development and negotiation" with vendors, which included HP and HP Enterprises
Verma reported their salary with SVC is $480,000 and their business income from the company as nearly $2.2 million.
———
Johnson reported from Chicago.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — The nation's most restrictive abortion law is headed for a showdown before a federal judge only hours after it was signed by Mississippi's governor.
U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves late Monday scheduled arguments Tuesday morning over whether they should immediately block the law after a request by the state's only abortion clinic and a physician who works there.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday, immediately banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation. How quickly will the effects of the law be felt in Mississippi? Dr. Sacheen Carr-Ellis of the Jackson Women's Health Organization stated in court papers that a woman 15 weeks or more pregnant is scheduled for a Tuesday afternoon abortion.
The law and responding challenge set up a confrontation sought by abortion opponents, who are hoping federal courts will ultimately prohibit abortions before a fetus is viable. Current federal law does not.
Some legal experts have said a change in the law is unlikely unless the makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court changes in a way that favors abortion opponents.
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing can we do?" Bryant said in a video their office posted on social media.
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
"We'll probably be sued in about half an hour," Bryant said to laughter from supporters as they signed the bill. "That'll be fine with me. It'll be worth fighting over."
Bryant's prediction was accurate. The state's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there sued in federal court within an hour, arguing the law violates other federal court rulings saying a state can't restrict abortion before a child can survive on its own outside the womb.
The Jackson Women's Health Organization, in a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights, argued the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down.
"Under decades of United States Supreme Court precedent, the state of Mississippi cannot ban abortion prior to viability, regardless of what exceptions are provided to the ban," the suit states.
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older. That's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide, mostly at the clinic.
Carr-Ellis, in a sworn statement, says she'll have to stop providing abortions to women past the 15 week ban, or else lose their Mississippi medical license, as House Bill 1510 requires. They say women shouldn't be forced to carry their pregnancies to term against their wills or leave the state to obtain abortions.
"A woman who is pregnant should have the ability to make the decision that is best for them about the course of their pregnancy, based on their own values and goals for their life," Carr-Ellis said in the statement.
Republican legislative leaders Lt. Gov Tate Reeves and House Speaker Philip Gunn both attended Bryant's private signing ceremony
"The winners (today) are those babies that are in the womb, first and foremost," Gunn said. "Those are the ones we're trying to protect."
When asked if the state is prepared to bear the cost of a lawsuit, Gunn said, "Absolutely."
"I don't know if you can put any value on human life," Gunn said. "We are all about fighting to protect the unborn. Whatever challenges we have to take on to do that, is something we're willing to do."
Opponents, though, predicted the attempt to allow states to restrict abortion before viability would fail.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We believe this law should be a model for the rest of the country," Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy, said in a statement.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
___
Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read their work at https://www.apnews.com/search/Jeff_Amy .
ATLANTA (AP) — The vote tallies for the runoff election in the Atlanta mayoral race are official, but with a razor-thin margin remaining, the trailing candidate said Monday that they plan to ask for a recount.
Election officials in Fulton and DeKalb counties, which both include parts of Atlanta, certified their votes, which still have Keisha Lance Bottoms winning the race. Bottoms' lead grew from 759 votes in unofficial tallies released last week to 832 votes in the certified results. That still amounts to less than 1 percent of the votes.
The candidates have 48 hours from the certification in each county to request a recount, and Norwood told reporters they would likely do so Tuesday.
“It is absolutely imperative that we take a look at every single ballot,” Norwood said.
Bottoms' campaign did not immediately return an after-hours call seeking comment Monday.
The combined totals from the two counties have Bottoms with 46,667 votes, or 50.45 percent, and Norwood with 45,835 votes, or 49.55 percent. The total number of votes cast was 92,502.
The official Fulton County results show Bottoms with 42,887 votes, or 51.33 percent, and Norwood with 40,668, or 48.67 percent. Norwood led in DeKalb County with 5,167 votes, or 57.75 percent, versus 3,780 votes, or 42.25 percent, for Bottoms.
Election officials in both counties said they could probably have a recount done by the end of the week if Norwood asks for one.
Norwood previously ran for mayor in 2009, when they lost to Mayor Kasim Reed by 714 votes. They requested a recount in that race, but it only produced one additional vote for them
The Dec. 5 runoff between the two city council members split Atlanta just about in half after a campaign marked by political grudges and allegations of corruption, and a turnout of less than 20 percent of the city's roughly 500,000 residents.
If Bottoms' victory holds through a recount, they would be Atlanta's sixth consecutive black mayor since Maynard Jackson was elected to the office in 1973. An upset by Norwood would give the city its first white mayor in more than 40 years and its first-ever white, female mayor.
Several people confronted Fulton County election officials at Monday's meeting, saying members of the public were prevented from observing as votes were counted after the polls closed on Dec. 5. They said officers aggressively obstructed them and threatened them with arrest.
Fulton County elections Director Richard Barron said the tabulation happened in public view and that the people who claimed obstruction were being disruptive.
The secretary of state's office has opened an investigation into public access to vote tabulation in Fulton County, spokesperson Candice Broce said. They declined to release any details since the investigation is ongoing.
CamelBak Floral Water Bottle
CamelBak Blue Lightning Bottle
Pogo Tritan Kids Water Bottle
Other Deals At Target
Editor's note: All deals and coupons were valid at the time this story was published. If you're reading this after they've expired, check our Facebook page or the deals section of our website for more ways to save! Between missing lids and bottles that get left in the car, I swear I'm always searching for water bottles. Luckily, Target is making it easy to stock up with a sale on CamelBak water bottles . If you've got kiddos going back to school this month, this would be a great time to grab a few back-up water bottles—you know how those things get left inside gym bags for weeks at a time. They've also got Pogo and Zulu water bottles on sale , too. Target doesn't say when this sale ends, but we're guessing these will get snapped up pretty quickly so it's best to act fact. It's also not clear whether you'll find these same deals in your local Target, so it's best to call ahead and ask. We found these dealsand you can get free shipping from Target on orders over $35.This CamelBak 20-ounce pink floral water bottle is marked down to just $10 right now (regularly $13.99).And if pink floral isn't your kid's style, check out this 20-ounce blue lightning water bottle , also on sale for $10.This Pogo Tritan kids water bottl e is on sale for $6.29.As always, Target has some other great deals going on now. This week, select women's shoes are buy one, gets one 50 percent . If you've been wanting to try out some of the latest trends (without breaking the bank), now's your chance! They're also having a sale on graphing calculators , so if you've got a high schooler or college student, you might want to check them out. Happy deal hunting!
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Thirty years after the release of the now-classic movie "Wall Street," Wall Street itself is totally different. Or it hasn't changed at all, depending on who you ask.
To mark the anniversary Monday of the opening of Oliver Stone's 1987 film, which starred Michael Douglas in an Oscar-winning, career-defining role as corporate raider Gordon Gekko, The Associated Press spoke to a group of Wall Street professionals, writers and film experts about how the movie reflected the reality of the financial world, and how little or much that world has changed in the decades since the movie's release.
"The culture is the same. It's all driven by greed. You don't go into any of these businesses if you want to save the world or save puppies. It's all about making money. If anything, I think the enormous explosion of wealth since then has made people greedier."
— Michael Lewitt, investment manager and former trader at Drexel Burnham Lambert, an investment firm that was prosecuted for illegal activities in the junk bond market and later filed for bankruptcy.
The movie "dramatized the ethical and moral collapse of high finance during the Reagan Era. Regrettably, Gordon Gecko, Stone's iconic symbol of unrestrained greed, would undoubtedly thrive in today's madcap bull market. Indeed, we might even put them in the White House."
— Raymond Arsenault, John Hope Franklin Professor of Southern History at the University of South Florida, St. Petersburg and author of "Stoned on Wall Street: The Stockbroker's Son and the Decade of Greed."
"The movie "Wall Street" accurately depicted the industry as the Wild West, a winner-take-all environment where, in the words of Gordon Gekko, "greed is good." Whether the result of a couple of market meltdowns, the regulatory environment or public scrutiny, Wall Street has become kinder and gentler."
— Jack Ablin, chief investment strategist for BMO Capital Markets.
"That movie is probably as relevant today as it was then. Things change, the markets change, but the attitudes of, for instance, Wall Street and corporate executives treating the average person as a pawn on a chessboard — I think that concept has not changed very much, and is still widely held."
— Charles Geisst, Professor of finance at Manhattan College and author of the 1997 book "Wall Street: A History."
"My take on "Wall Street," just like my take on "The Wolf of Wall Street," is that these things are overhyped, which you would expect in a movie. In my reality, while I may have lived through many parts of that movie ... those episodes are a very small part of what actually happens."
— Scott Wren, senior global equity strategist for Wells Fargo Investment Institute.
"One thing that's probably changed a bit is that it's harder to believe in the virtuous side of things, and more recent films like "The Wolf of Wall Street" are more accepting of the idea that everything is rotten from top to bottom. Or like "The Big Short," now accept that it's all about making money and have little room to show the virtuous people at the bottom. There is less criticism of capitalism per se. Even as critical as "Wall Street" can get of capitalism, it still ultimately exempts it from full criticism — it's almost as if Gordon is such a bad apple that getting rid of them cures the system of its (localized and individualized) ills.
"Rewatching, the biggest change that struck me is around technology. It's not just that the older technology looks old fashioned on screen, but that it can tell us about a major change in Wall Street: it's now more virtual, more cybernetic, more about data manipulation, than ever. The climax where Gordon beats up Bud in the middle of Central Park seems a throwback to an older melodramatic time where you got to other people physically rather than informationally."
— Dana Polan, Professor of Cinema Studies at NYU.
"I was in the trading pit during that time and despite what the movie portrayed, you simply didn't wake up, go to work and make millions as if it were part of a daily routine. I think the movie also left viewers thinking Wall Street was full of crooked people - and while there may be a few bad actors like any other industry or profession, it's been my experience that most people are here to do their jobs, help out others and make a living. Fast forward 30 years and the Wall Street of 1987 is radically different - and that's a change for the better for the retail investor. Today the market is a much more level playing field for retail investors compared to 1987 in terms of market access, information and costs."
— J.J. Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade.
"The film certainly has all the visual and audio affectations of the time in which it was made ("the go-go eighties"), but I think the message, while unfurled a bit sanctimoniously at times in the film, remains highly relevant (if not more relevant) than it was 30 years ago. There is even less penchant to heed the warning now, I sense, then than there was three decades ago."
— John Stone, senior associate dean at the University of Wisconsin-Extension and author of "Evil in the early cinema of Oliver Stone: 'Platoon' and 'Wall Street' as modern morality plays."
"Certainly more women are on the trading floor, or at least they're not all secretaries. The intensity remains the same in terms of being driven for returns, but the behaviors have shifted. It's become a little more professional."
— Erin Browne, head of asset allocation at UBS Asset Management.
____
Stan Choe, Marley Jay, Greg Keller and Seth Sutel contributed to this report.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have selected the musical acts who will perform at their wedding service.
The loved-up couple are set to tie the knot at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle on May 19, and they have chosen James Vivian, the Director of Music at the chapel, to lead the musical performances on their wedding day.
They said: "The Choristers, Lay Clerks, Organists and I are very much looking forward to this exciting day and are pleased to be performing at the service music chosen by the couple. We are also looking forward to welcoming to St George's musical colleagues from near and far who will be performing at this very special and joyful occasion."
On the day, James will direct the Choir of St George's Chapel, which comprises up to 23 boy choristers from St George's School and 12 Lay Clerks, who will sing alto, tenor and bass.
Another of the confirmed performers is Sheku Kanneh-Mason, a 19-year-old cellist who won BBC Young Musician 2016 and made their BBC Proms debut the following year.
They said: "I'm so excited and honored to perform at Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle's wedding. I was bowled over when Ms. Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes! What a privilege to be able to play the cello at such a wonderful event. I can't wait!"
Karen Gibson and the Kingdom Choir, a Christian gospel group from England, have also been invited to perform at the wedding service.
Meanwhile, the Orchestra - which is conducted by Christopher Warren-Green - will perform with Welsh soprano Elin Manahan Thomas and trumpeter David Blackadder.
Luke Bond, the Assistant Director of Music of St George's Chapel, is set to play the organ, with State Trumpeters from all ranks of the Band of the Household Cavalry set to provide ceremonial support.
A statement on the Kensington Palace Twitter account explained: "Both Prince Harry and Ms. Markle have taken a great deal of interest and care in choosing the music for their Service, which will include a number of well-known hymns and choral works. (sic)"
FS ATACR 4-16x42 F1 This scope is virtually brand new. Purchased in Jan 2016 mounted and taken to range 4 times. Never hunted with it. Like new all around. Includes a set of 34mm TPS rings and a scope level.
Asking $2,100 shipped and insured. Money Order only please.
Here are the National Finals Rodeo third performance results from Friday, Dec. 8, 2017.
Bareback riding: 1. Tim O'Connell, 91.5 points on C5 Rodeo's Virgil (tied arena record), $26,231; 2. Richmond Champion, 89.5, $20,731; 3. Jake Vold, 87, $15,654; 4. Caleb Bennett, 86, $11,000; 5. R.C. Landingham, 84, $6,769; 6. Steven Dent, 83, $4,230; 7. Tanner Aus, 81.5; 8. Ty Breuer, 78.5; 9. J.R. Vezain, 78; 10. Orin Larsen, 73; 11. Wyatt Denny, 72.5; 12. Bill Tutor, 71; 13. Clayton Biglow, Jake Brown, Mason Clements, NS. Average standings: 1. Tim O'Connell, 263.5 points on three head; 2. Jake Vold, 261.5; 3. Richmond Champion, 258; 4. Caleb Bennett, 254; 5. R.C. Landingham 251; 6. Tanner Aus, 248.5. World standings: 1. Tim O'Connell, $264,800; 2. Tanner Aus, $170,138; 3. Jake Vold, $167,372; 4. Richmond Champion, $155,408; 5. Clayton Biglow, $138,153; 6. Orin Larsen, $134,202; 7. J.R. Vezain, $130,081; 8. Caleb Bennett, $129,793; 9. Jake Brown, $119,982; 10. Wyatt Denny, $119,353; 11. Steven Dent, $109,998; 12. Mason Clements, $109,441; 13. Bill Tutor, $106,039; 14. R.C. Landingham, $106,031; 15. Ty Breuer, $99,106.
Steer wrestling: 1. Kyle Irwin, 3.4 seconds, $26,230; 2. Ty Erickson, 3.7, $20,731; 3. Tyler Pearson, 4.0, $15,654; 4. (tie) Tyler Waguespack and Baylor Roche, 4.1, $8,885 each; 6. Rowdy Parrott, 4.3, $4,231; 7. Scott Guenthner, 4.5; 8. Jon Ragatz, 4.6; 9. Tanner Milan, 4.9; 10. (tie) Dakota Eldridge and Nick Guy, 5.0 each; 12. Ryle Smith, 5.1; 13. J.D. Struxness, 9.6; 14. Olin Hannum and Chason Floyd, NT. Average standings: 1. (tie) Tyler Pearson and Tyler Waguespack, 11.9 seconds on three head; 3. Kyle Irwin, 12.3; 4. Jon Ragatz, 13.0; 5. Scott Guenthner, 13.3; 6. Ty Erickson, 13.7. World standings: 1. Ty Erickson, $193,883; 2. Tyler Pearson, $177,034; 3. Tyler Waguespack, $153,290; 4. Kyle Irwin, $129,242; 5. Olin Hannum, $120,951; 6. Tanner Milan, $120,304; 7. Baylor Roche, $118,224; 8. Scott Guenthner, $117,032; 9. Jon Ragatz, $108,198; 10. Ryle Smith, $103,463; 11. Nick Guy, $99,737; 12. Rowdy Parrott, $95,319; 13. J.D. Struxness, $93,973; 14. Dakota Eldridge, $90,981; 15. Chason Floyd, $88,723.
Team roping: 1. Luke Brown/Jake Long, 3.9 seconds, $26,231 each; 2. Jr. Dees/Tyler McKnight, 4.1, $20,731; 3. Kaleb Driggers/Junior Nogueira, 4.2, $13,327; 3. Garrett Rogers/Jake Minor, 4.2, $13,327; 5. Clay Smith/Paul Eaves, 4.9, $6,769; 6. Erich Rogers/Cory Petska, 9.1, $4,231; 7. Coleman Proctor/Billie Jack Saebens, 9.4; 8. Riley Minor/Brady Minor, 9.5; 9. Dustin Egusquiza/Kory Koontz, 9.6; 10. Chad Masters/Travis Graves, 10.3; 11. Cody Snow/Wesley Thorp, Dustin Bird/Russell Cardoza, Clay Tryan/Jade Corkill, Tom Richards/Jeremy Buhler, Charly Crawford/Joseph Harrison, NT. Average standings: 1. Clay Smith/Paul Eaves, 14.1 seconds on three head; 2. Jr. Dees/Tyler McKnight, 17.7; 3. Erich Rogers/Cory Petska, 19.2; 4. Chad Masters/Travis Graves, 21.1; 5. Riley Minor/Brady Minor, 23.8; 6. Kaleb Driggers/ Junior Nogueira, 30.50. World standings: (headers) 1. Kaleb Driggers, $183,535; 2. Clay Smith, $161,171; 3. Erich Rogers, $156,827; 4. Luke Brown, $154,611; 5. Jr. Dees, $130,425; 6. Dustin Bird, $114,519; 7. Charly Crawford, $113,821; 8. Riley Minor, $110,818; 9. Coleman Proctor, $108,033; 10. Chad Masters, $99,739; 11. Garrett Rogers, $98,940; 12. Dustin Egusquiza, $98,437; 13. Tom Richards, $91,415; 14. Clay Tryan, $91,383; 15. Cody Snow, $89,236. (heelers) 1. Junior Nogueira, $184,265; 2. Paul Eaves, $165,289, 3. Cory Petska, $156,827; 4. Jake Long, $146,082; 5. Russell Cardoza, $136,004; 6. Tyler McKnight, $130,835; 7. Billie Jack Saebens, $120,930; 8. Joseph Harrison, $118,063; 9. Brady Minor, $110,818; 10. Travis Graves, $106,649; 11. Jake Minor, $98,940; 12. Kory Koontz, $95,652; 13. Jade Corkill, $91,383; 14. Wesley Thorp, $90,836; 15. Jeremy Buhler, $78,006.
Saddle bronc riding: 1. Jacobs Crawley, 87.5 points on Sutton Rodeos' South Point, $26,231; 2. Ryder Wright, 87, $20,731; 3. Taos Muncy, 85.5, $15,654; 4. (tie) CoBurn Bradshaw, Hardy Braden, Heith DeMoss and Audy Reed, 84, $5,500 each; 8. Layton Green, 83.5; 9. Sterling Crawley, 83; 10. Brody Cress, 82.5; 12.11. Clay Elliott, 82; (tie) Zeke Thurston and Jake Wright, 79.5 each; 14. Jesse Wright, 78.5; 15. Cody DeMoss, NS. Average standings: 1. CoBurn Bradshaw, 260.5 points on three head; 2. Sterling Crawley, 246; 3. Brody Cress, 244.5; 4. Jake Wright, 241; 5. Audy Reed, 240; 6. Taos Muncy, 233. World standings: 1. Jacobs Crawley, $220,158; 2. CoBurn Bradshaw, $186,577; 3. Zeke Thurston, $184,122; 4. Cody DeMoss, $151,657; 5. Ryder Wright, $145,746; 6. Hardy Braden, $144,504; 7. Brody Cress, $131,319; 8. Sterling Crawley, $123,723; 9. Layton Green, $120,613; 10. Taos Muncy, $116,171; 11. Heith DeMoss, $107,780; 12. Jake Wright, $107,527; 13. Clay Elliott, $99,332; 14. Audy Reed, $97,918; 15. Jesse Wright, $86,630.
Tie-down roping: 1. Timber Moore, 7.1 seconds, $26,231; 2. Cooper Martin, 7.2, $20,731; 3. Trevor Brazile, 7.3, $15,654; 4. Matt Shiozawa, 7.4, $11,000; 5. (tie) Tuf Cooper and Cade Swor, 7.9, $5,500 each; 7. Marcos Costa, 8.0; 8. Tyson Durfey, 8.2; 9. J.C. Malone, 8.7; 10. Marty Yates, 9.4; 11. Cory Solomon, 9.7; 12. Randall Carlisle, 10.1; 13. Shane Hanchey, 10.5; 14. Ryan Jarrett, 19.2; 15. Caleb Smidt, NT. Average standings: 1. Trevor Brazile, 22.60 seconds on three head; 2. Cade Swor, 23.70; 3. Marcos Costa, 24.00; 4. Tyson Durfey, 26.00; 5. (tie) Tuf Cooper and Cooper Martin, 26.30 each. World standings:1. Tuf Cooper, $205,945; 2. Trevor Brazile, $171,510; 3. Marcos Costa, $165,748; 4. Caleb Smidt, $156,425; 5. Shane Hanchey, $138,729; 6. Cade Swor, $132,691; 7. Ryan Jarrett, $132,286; 8. Tyson Durfey, $124,192; 9. Timber Moore, $122,193; 10. Cooper Martin, $116,169; 11. Matt Shiozawa, $114,363; 12. Marty Yates, $107,173; 13. Cory Solomon, $106,210; 14. J.C. Malone, $103,068; 15. Randall Carlisle, $95,566.
Barrel racing: 1. Hailey Kinsel, 13.11 seconds (new arena record), $26,231; 2. Kassie Mowry, 13.36, $20,731; 3. Amberleigh Moore, 13.57, $15,654; 4. Ivy Conrado, 13.59, $11,000; 5. Nellie Miller, 13.66, $6,769; 6. Lisa Lockhart, 13.67, $4,231; 7. Taci Bettis, 13.68; 8. Kathy Grimes, 13.70; 9. Stevi Hillman, 13.84; 10. Tiany Schuster, 14.20; 11. Kellie Collier, 14.58; 12. Tillar Murray, 18.76; 13. Sydni Blanchard, 18.90; 14. Kimmie Wall, 18.95; 15. Brittany Pozzi Tonozzi, 19.18. Average standings: 1. Hailey Kinsel, 40.45 seconds on three runs; 2. Nellie Miller, 41.04; 3. Ivy Conrado, 41.38; 4. Kathy Grimes, 41.45; 5. Lisa Lockhart, 41.61. 6. Tiany Schuster, 42.37. World standings: 1. Tiany Schuster, $260,378; 2. Stevi Hillman, $195,952; 3. Nellie Miller, $184,537; 4. Amberleigh Moore, $172,691; 5. Kassie Mowry, $166,624; 6. Hailey Kinsel, $166,245; 7. Kathy Grimes, $132,785; 8. Brittany Pozzi Tonozzi, $123,660; 9. Lisa Lockhart, $110,685; 10. Sydni Blanchard, $108,131; 11. Taci Bettis, $107,023; 12. Ivy Conrado, $103,412; 13. Tillar Murray, $102,789; 14. Kellie Collier, $97,569; 15. Kimmie Wall, $86,294.
Bull riding: 1. (tie) Sage Kimzey on Rafter H Rodeo's Nose Bender and Cole Melancon on Smith, Harper & Morgan's Hot and Ready, 91.5 points, $26,231 each; 3. Trey Benton III, 87, $18,404; 4. Ty Wallace, 86.5, $13,750; 5. Garrett Smith, Joe Frost, Tim Bingham, Jordan Spears, Dustin Bowen, Jordan Hansen, Roscoe Jarboe, Trevor Reiste, Guthrie Murray, Brennon Eldred, Boudreaux Campbell, NS. Average standings: 1. Trey Benton III, 262.5 on three head; 2. Sage Kimzey, 257; 3. Garrett Smith, 172.5 on two head; 4. Joe Frost, 170.5; 5. Cole Melancon, 170; 6. Roscoe Jarboe, 87 on one head. World standings: 1. Sage Kimzey, $291,575; 2. Garrett Smith, $253,797; 3. Ty Wallace, $180,827; 4. Trey Benton III, $176,106; 5. Joe Frost, $155,925; 6. Jordan Spears, $141,423; 7. Cole Melancon, $144,081; 8. Roscoe Jarboe, $133,586; 9. Tim Bingham, $129,515; 10. Jordan Hansen, $109,429; 11. Trevor Reiste, $107,121; 12. Dustin Bowen, $104,668; 13. Brennon Eldred, $102,991; 14. Boudreaux Campbell, $102,294; 15. Guthrie Murray, $97,288.
All-around world standings: 1. Trevor Brazile, $313,837; 2. Tuf Cooper, $245,522; 3. Junior Nogueira, $185,987; 4. Caleb Smidt, $166,221; 5. Erich Rogers, $151,880; 6. Ryle Smith, $150,876; 7. Russell Cardoza, $149,026; 8. Dakota Eldridge, $114,200; 9. Josh Peek, $105,470.
For the past eight years here at MLSsoccer.com, our man in Europe, Greg Seltzer, has complied a list of potential targets for MLS clubs. Not for nothing, each shopping list has included at least one player who has actually made the jump to MLS.
This year's list, comprising players based only in Europe, features players who will be out of contract this coming summer, but also a couple of January free agents. Which one do you think will be in an MLS club's uniform?
Junior Hoilett
The versatile Canadian international attacker has made this list a few times but has yet to make the MLS move. Hoilett, who has over 200 games of EPL and English Championship experience, most recently jumped straight into the line-up for a struggling Cardiff side upon arrival in October. The 26-year-old Ontario native brings plenty of pace and dribbling ability to the table. The Vancouver Whitecaps have reportedly been interested in them in the past, and they could provide some of what they're currently seeking.
Jahmir Hyka
See if this sounds familiar: a Switzerland-based, left-footed Albanian attacker in their late 20s who only seems to get better with age? This year's Shkelzen Gashi could be Luzern wing ace Jahmir Hyka, who has a career-high 6 goals so far this season. They recently divulged having contact with MLS clubs and told the Albanian press that playing in America is a dream of his. With several MLS clubs searching for attacking pieces, they could be a good option.
Emilio Izaguirre
Left back is often a trouble spot in MLS, and the 30-year-old Honduras international is a highly capable two-way solution. Nobody has been able to lure them away from Scottish club Celtic so far, but Izaguirre's playing time has diminished this year due to the emergence of young Scotland defender Kieran Tierney. Izaguirre, who has 88 caps for los Catrachos, looks like another "get while the gettin's good" option.
Branislav Ivanovic
The 32-year-old Serbian defender is no longer a sure starter for Chelsea since new boss Antonio Conte arrived. But Ivanovic still has plenty of quality. They can play right back or in the middle, can get forward when the opportunity presents itself, and is a prime set-piece target. MLS clubs will need to act fast, though, as they have recently been linked with Spanish powerhouse Barcelona.
Ezequiel Lavezzi
The Argentina forward ably helped terrorize the USMNT at Copa America last summer, and then reportedly turned down a mega-offer from a mystery MLS club in favor of an astronomical contract with Chinese club Hebei China Fortune. Due to injury, Lavezzi's Hebei contributions were limited this season, and there were rumors in December about a move to French leaders Nice (since denied). Clubs eager to make a big splash could chase them in January.
Keisuke Honda
The AC Milan star has been linked with MLS moves a few times and is currently back in the headlines, with the Sounders a possible destination. A few years older than Nicolas Lodeiro, Honda possesses many of the same features: nifty dribbling, killer final balls and a top-shelf lefty free kick. They won't be a free agent until summer, but as their playing time wanes at AC Milan, it seems reasonable to think they could be had earlier than that.
Eric Lichaj
The sometime US international defender has spent their entire pro career in England; however, the Illinois native runs out of contract with Nottingham Forest in June. The 28-year-old has spoken of moving to an MLS club while still in their prime and, with Bruce Arena now in charge of the USMNT, might see a move home as the perfect boost to their US hopes.
John Obi Mikel
Like Ivanovic, Mikel has won loads of trophies at Chelsea. And like their longtime Blues teammate, he's fallen out of favor under Conte. He's spoken before about wanting to play in MLS. The 29-year-old is a highly skilled defensive midfielder who loves to set the tempo from a deep position. He's already drawing plenty of January attention, with Marseille among the clubs hovering.
Lasse Schöne
The Ajax playmaker is the only player on our list that has never publicly been linked with an MLS move. Nevertheless, the 29-year-old Danish international would be worth checking into for an MLS club thinking outside the box. He's the kind of under-the-radar creative talent that clever MLS sporting directors often seem to ferret out. Plus, Ajax midfielders their age are constantly threatened by the next rising phenom, and their contract is up this summer.
Jonathan Spector
The Birmingham City veteran, who has yet to suit up in MLS, has spurned interest from home more than once in the past. The 30-year-old Chicago-area native is still a constant presence in the Blues' lineup and can operate anywhere in defense or midfield, perfect for shoppers craving versatility. Like Lichaj, they might see an MLS move as a boost to their USMNT chances ahead of the Gold Cup.
Yaya Touré
Every time pundits claim the Manchester City midfielder is on the decline, they roar back again to prove them wrong. The 33-year-old could still be a force for any MLS club looking for a transformative figure in the middle of the park; he's got Jermaine Jones-style chutzpah, with added skill rumbling into attack. Touré has often been mentioned as a target for MLS clubs, but with them once again leading the charge for manager Pep Guardiola, teams may have to wait until summer to grab them on a free transfer.
ABC
Roseanne Barr is still catching heat after their racially-charged tweet against Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett led to Roseanne‘s shocking cancellation by ABC Entertainment. They weirdly blamed their outburst on the sleep drug Ambien, and no one bought the excuse, especially since controversial statements are not unknown to Roseanne Barr. And the maker of Ambien wants everyone to know that they do not want to be associated with Barr's assertion that The-Ambien-Made-Me-Do-It and issued a scathing tweet to that effect.
“People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world,” Sanofi U.S. tweeted. “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
That pretty much says it all. The listed side effects of Ambien include dizziness, diarrhea (not of the mouth), irregular heartbeat, muscle cramps, double vision, difficulty breathing, slower response times, and impaired judgment. Perhaps Barr was trying to stretch the meaning of that last effect, but it's not flying with anyone.
In related news, President Trump has broken their silence on the matter while ignoring the racially-charged nature of Barr's remarks. They tweeted a complaint that Disney CEO Bob Iger called Jarrett about Barr's remarks, but “Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
It's worth noting that following the 2016 election, Iger was in favor of a Trump presidency.
(Via Sanofi)
TORONTO — Ontario's new premier has taken a step in their plan to dismantle the province's cap-and-trade system, a move some observers say leaves businesses involved in the program grappling with uncertainty.
In a statement released Tuesday, Doug Ford said they have revoked the regulation that outlines the carbon pricing system and their government will officially begin winding down all green programs funded through it this week.
Ford said the province will nonetheless honour contracts and orders that have already been signed for projects funded by cap and trade, such as energy efficient insulation and window retrofits.
Some rebates for energy-efficient renovations that were financed through cap-and-trade revenues—such as the GreenON rebate program—were already being phased out before Ford officially took office last week.
The premier said the government will decide on a case-by-case basis whether some initiatives previously funded by the program will be paid for using tax base revenue. Those decisions will take into account their overall plan for the province and the results of an upcoming value-for-money audit of government spending, they said.
The Progressive Conservative leader, who was officially sworn in as premier Friday, had promised that cancelling cap and trade would be their first order of business.
In order to scrap the program, the premier must first amend or rescind the legislation that governs it, said Keith Brooks, program director for the advocacy group Environmental Defence. That law sets climate change targets and earmarks cap-and-trade revenues for green initiatives, among other things, they said.
The government also has to formally notify its partners in the Western Climate Initiative that it is withdrawing from the cap-and-trade system, Brooks said. The agreement signed by the province said the government would endeavour to give a year's notice before pulling out but it's unclear whether Ford plans to do so, they said.
“We know that the premier… promised to get rid of cap and trade and we understand he's moving quickly to fulfil that promise but I think that there are some problems here because there are some questions that haven't been answered,” they said.
Ontario companies have bought close to $3 billion in permits under the cap-and-trade system and need to know whether they will be compensated for those permits, Brooks said, noting some have suggested the province should offer a full refund.
More details are also needed on how the green initiatives funded by cap and trade will be closed so that both consumers and businesses involved in delivering those services can make decisions and plans, they said.
“I think that there are a lot of businesses, quite frankly, that still have a lot of questions, I'm sure, about how this is all going to proceed,” they said.
“People need the details on exactly when this is going to be wound down and if there are any programs that are going to persist, we also need to know what those are, because otherwise the manufacturers are going maybe on a rollercoaster ride,” they said.
The NDP and the Greens have said Ford's rush to pull out of the cap-and-trade system could stick taxpayers with the tab for billions in legal fees, penalties and other costs.
Ford's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment Tuesday but the premier said in the statement that they believe scrapping cap and trade will put money back in Ontarians' pockets.
“I promised that the party with taxpayers' dollars was over and that this would include scrapping the cap-and-trade carbon tax slush fund. Today we are keeping that promise,” they said.
The government's website does not list contact information for the newly appointed minister of the environment or any other cabinet members. A spokesperson for Ford said the ministers' offices are not currently staffed and requests for comment should go to the premier's office.
ZURICH — FIFA has cleared teenage midfielder Sergei Eremenko to play for Russia at the World Cup by approving their change of national eligibility from Finland.
FIFA says a request by the Russian Football Union was approved Monday.
The 19-year-old Eremenko was born in Russia and currently plays on loan at Spartak Moscow. Their father, Alexei, has Finnish citizenship after playing and coaching there for much of their career.
Sergei Eremenko represented Finland at youth level, following their elder brothers Alexei and Roman, who have both played more than 50 times for the full national team.
From Shtick to Striptease An Israeli Tragi-comedy With Universal Import
David Grossman's prose in their latest work about a not-so-amusing stand-up artist strains to keep up as the comic dodges and feints - and smacks their forehead.
JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice in 2017 UTME
The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has blacklisted 48 Computer-Based Test (CBT) centres over their involvement in extortion and organised examination malpractices during the 2017 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). JAMB's Registrar, Prof. Is-haq Oloyede, made the disclosure on Wednesday in Abuja at a news conference at the end of an enlarged meeting with…
The post JAMB blacklists 48 CBT centres for malpractice in 2017 UTME appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Kogi reiterates commitment to unity, Security
Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has issued warm and heartfelt wishes for the New Year from the State Government to all citizens and residents of the State. Speaking in their maiden New Year message through their Chief Press Secretary, Petra Akinti Onyegbule, the Governor thanked The Almighty for an eventful year 2016, and promised to increase their efforts to make 2017 more rewarding for everyone. The Governor acknowledged the sacrifices of Kogites in the past year, and expressed humility and relief in the knowledge that their human attempts at positive reforms have been well-received by the majority on account of the verifiable results achieved.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
CHICAGO (AP) — A Chicago masseuse is suing Marvel Comic's Stan Lee, accusing them of inappropriate behavior during two massages in 2017.
Maria Carballo filed the lawsuit Monday seeking more than $50,000 in punitive damages and attorney fees from the 95-year-old comic book writer.
The Chicago Tribune reports that Lee's attorney, Jonathan Freund, called the lawsuit "a shakedown" and says Lee denies the allegations.
Carballo also filed a complaint with Chicago police, who are investigating.
According to the complaint, Lee fondled themselves during the first massage and moaned so much during the second that Carballo stopped the treatment. Lee stood up and angrily demanded Carballo keep massaging him.
The complaint also says Carballo was massaging Lee with their feet when they grabbed their foot and touched it to their genitals.
___
Information from: Chicago Tribune, http://www.chicagotribune.com
Quit notice: What Osinbajo told South-East Governors, Igbo leaders in Aso Rock
Acting President, Yemi Osinbajo ​has met with Southeast governors and other leaders of thought from the region ​over the quit notice by some youth groups in the North. ​Osinbajo held a similar meeting with Northern leaders on Tuesday.​ On Wednesday, at the meeting which held at the ​ Banquet Hall, Presidential Villa, Abuja, Osinbajo urged […]
Quit notice: What Osinbajo told South-East Governors, Igbo leaders in Aso Rock
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PYONGYANG, North Korea (CNN) -- American college student Otto Warmbier has landed back in the United States after more than 17 months in detention in North Korea.
Warmbier has been in a coma for over a year, according to their parents, and will be rushed to the University of Cincinnati Medical Center late Tuesday, a hospital spokesperson said.
Their return to the US comes as questions swirl about their health and what happened to them while they were detained by the North Korean government. The 22-year-old contracted botulism last year and is in "bad shape," a source close to the family told CNN. North Korea told a US official that Warmbier contracted botulism and slipped into the coma after taking a sleeping pill, a senior State Department official told CNN.
"Otto has left North Korea.  They are on Medivac flight on their way home. Sadly, they are in a coma and we have been told they have been in that condition since March of 2016. We learned of this only one week ago," said Fred and Cindy Warmbier in a statement.
"We want the world to know how we and our son have been brutalized and terrorized by the pariah regime in North Korean. We are so grateful that they will finally be with people who love him."
Warmbier was detained in January 2016 at the airport in Pyongyang while on their way home. Their parents say the University of Virginia student had been on a tour of the reclusive country.
North Korean authorities said they had security footage of them trying to steal a banner containing a political slogan that was hanging from the walls of their Pyongyang hotel.
That was used as evidence in their hour-long trial, during which North Korea accused them of committing "hostile acts" against the regime at the urging of a purported member of a church in their home state of Ohio, a secretive university organization and the CIA.
Warmbier was found guilty and sentenced in March 2016 to 15 years hard labor. It was the last time they were seen publicly.
North Korea: Warmbier contracted botulism
Warmbier was one of four Americans detained in North Korea.
Since last March, the US had been pressing North Korea to let Swedish officials see the four Americans, the senior State Department official told CNN. When the Swedes finally got the okay to visit, the North Koreans immediately asked for a meeting with Joe Yun, the US envoy in New York, when they were told about Otto Warmbier's condition.
In that meeting about a week ago, Yun was told that Warmbier had contracted botulism a year ago and went into a coma after taking a sleeping pill. US officials then urged those with the ability to persuade Pyongyang to ratchet up the pressure to get them released, said a source, who is familiar with the government's efforts.
A second senior State Department official said the US has not yet accepted the North Korean version of events in terms of the timing and cause of how Warmbier fell into a coma.
"All we know so far is what they have told us," the official said. "This is the North Korean version of events. We won't know anything for sure until doctors are able to fully evaluate Otto's condition."
Three other Americans
Two of the three other Americans being held in North Korea, Kim Sang Duk and Kim Hak-song, are academics who worked at the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology. The third is a business person named Kim Dong Chul.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the United States is discussing their respective cases with the North Korean regime. The United States does not have a diplomatic mission in North Korea. "It's a delicate matter, they said. We're working on it."
But their fates have been hanging in the balance as Pyongyang and Washington have seen relations get testier in recent months.
North Korea has fired 16 missiles in 10 tests this year. Experts say each launch gets the country closer to its stated goal of developing a nuclear-armed weapon capable of reaching the United States.
North Korea believes its missile program is the only way to deter Washington from trying to overthrow the regime of Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un.
No connection to Rodman visit
"Otto's detainment and sentence was unnecessary and appalling, and North Korea should be universally condemned for its abhorrent behavior. Otto should have been released from the start," said US Sen. Rob Portman, who represents Warmbier's home state of Ohio. "Fred, Cindy, and the Warmbier family have been remarkably strong throughout this ordeal. Over the last 18 months, they have had to endure more than any family should have to bear."
The news of Warmbier's release comes the same day as basketball star Dennis Rodman arrived in Pyongyang for an expected four-night visit. But there is no connection between the two events, US National Security Council spokesperson Michael Anton said.
Rodman isn't representing the US government or serving as President Donald Trump's emissary, Anton said.
When asked if they would bring up the cases of Warmbier and three other Americans detained in North Korea, Rodman told reporters, "that's not my purpose right now ... My purpose is to go over there and try to see if I can keep bringing sports to North Korea."
Rodman had nothing to do with the student's release, said the source familiar with the government's efforts to free Warmbier.
'We've needed to talk about Otto'
Warmbier appeared emotional at a news conference organized by the North Koreans before their trial in March 2016.
They tearfully confessed to being "lured by the United States administration to commit a crime in this country."
It's not clear if they were forced to speak by the North Koreans.
Their case largely stayed quiet after that until May of this year, when their parents decided it was time to speak out.
When they spoke to CNN on May 3, they said they had not seen or heard from Otto since their supposed confession.
"With tensions as high as they are, we felt that we needed to talk about Otto and put a face on the person," Cindy Warmbier said.
Despite the increasingly hostile US-North Korean relationship, the Warmbiers said they were encouraged by US President Donald Trump's willingness to improve relations with North Korea.
'I'm excited for them to be back'
Emmett Saulnier, Warmbier's former college roommate, said they got a brief phone call from Warmbier's father early Tuesday to let them know the younger Warmbier was coming home, and they had been in a coma since last March. Saulnier immediately called some of their closest friends.
Saulnier and Warmbier met the summer before their first-year student year at Virginia. The two bonded over their Ohio roots, and later lived together their junior year, when Warmbier was detained, Saulnier said. The pair had signed a lease to live together again this past school year, their senior year.
"It's just been so long that he's been there that to hear they are actually coming home was incredible," Saulnier told CNN in a text message.
Saulnier said: "I'm excited for them to be back."
US-Nigeria summit: FG defends ministers – Daily Sun
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It's a FREE weekly e-newsletter all about food. Sign Up Today!
Want to share a recipe?
We are always looking for more recipes to add to our site.
Senate seat: Hussain, Adeleke are APC, PDP candidates
A former commissioner in Osun State, Mudashiru Hussein, was elected yesterday as the Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Osun West Senatorial District's July 8 by-election.
They polled 2,412 of the 2,413 votes cast in the party's primary held at the De Distinguished Event Centre on the outskirts of Osogbo in Egbedore Local Government Area of Osun State.
Zamfara State House of Assembly Speaker Sanusi Rikiji, who chaired the Screening Committee for the by-election, declared Hussein winner of the election.
Rikiji said 2,560 delegates participated in the poll.
Hussein survived disqualification twice from APC's Screening Committee and the Appeal, following the intervention of the party's National Working Committee (NWC), which cleared them to participate in the primary.
They became the party's sole aspirant when Ademola Adeleke, their co-contestant and younger brother to the former occupant of the seat, the late Senator Isiaka Adeleke, defected to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).
Adeleke also won yesterday's primary of the PDP held at its Iwo Township Stadium.
They got 343 votes.
Husain expressed their commitment to the welfare of the people of Osun West Senatorial District, the advancement of democracy and good governance in the country.
In their acceptance speech, the APC candidate described their victory as significant for the party, residents of Osun West Senatorial District and those of other parts of Osun State.
They noted that the party's primary was a testament to the life-changing developments in APC-led administration of Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola of Osun State.
Hussain called for a minute silence in honour of the late Senator Isiaka Adeleke.
They expressed appreciation to APC National Chairman, Chief John Odigiwe-Oyegun, Osun State Governor Rauf Aregbesola as well as leaders and members of the party throughout the country for their support.
Osun State APC said Ademola Adeleke, who defected to the PDP, was never its member.
In a statement by its spokesperson Kunle Oyatomi, the party said: “We received a letter conveying the decision of Otunba Ademola Adeleke to withdraw from the primaries being conducted today (yesterday) in which they are slated to contest as a candidate for the position of senator for Osun West Senatorial District on the platform of APC…”
Ademola Adeleke, the younger brother to the late Senator Isiaka Adeleke, was elected yesterday as the flagbearer of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ahead of the July 8 by-election for Osun West Senatorial District.
Adeleke, who defected to the PDP from APC on Tuesday night, got 343 votes through an affirmation at the party's primary conducted by the Chief Pegba Otemolu-led National Committee of PDP's national secretariat in Abuja.
Two other contestants for the seat on the platform of the PDP – former Minister of the Youth Development, Senator Olasunkanmi Akinlabi, and a retired Colonel of the Army, Olayiwola Falabi – earlier cleared for the primary on Tuesday night, stepped down for Adeleke after they showed intention to dump the APC.
Until Monday, Adeleke was the sole aspirant of the APC.
But Mudashiru Hussain, who had been disqualified by the party's Screening Committee, appealed the verdict and was cleared by the National Working Committee (NWC).
It was gathered that Adeleke wrote a letter to the APC to withdraw from the race on its platform.
That left Hussain as the party's sole aspirant in today's primary holding at Egbedore Local Government Area, on the outskirts of Osogbo, the state capital.
After the primary, Ademola Adeleke assured their supporters that the PDP would win the July 8 by-election.
They said: “We shall coast home to victory by the grace of God. Nothing can stop us. We are winning this election.”
Also addressing reporters, Osun PDP Chairman Soji Adagunodo said the primary was transparent.
They said: “You can see that we are open and transparent in our primary election. With the consensus candidate, we are going to win July 8 by-election. We would have a landslide victory.
“Ademola Adeleke was our member before they joined the APC. Now, they have come back. What happened today is a sign of good things to come in 2018 when we will win the 2018 governorship election.”
The post Senate seat: Hussain, Adeleke are APC, PDP candidates appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
GALLIPOLIS, Ohio — One quarter can make all the difference.
A 13-8 first period run provided Ohio Valley Christian with the chance to set the tone on Friday night, but 12 turnovers by the Blue and Yellow in the second period helped lead the Calvary Baptist Academy girls basketball team to a 36-28 victory in the Gallia County.
The Lady Defenders (1-13) made only one field goal in the second quarter, as the Lady Patriots (11-12) utilized a 9-2 run to carry a 17-15 advantage into intermission.
Over the span of the first two periods, OVCS made 7-of-17 shots from the field for 41 percent, including a 0-of-2 performance from three-point range. CBA converted 6-of-22 shots for 27 percent, including o-of-1 from beyond the arc.
Both teams pulled down 10 rebounds apiece, while the Lady Defenders committed 15 turnovers to eight by the Lady Patriots.
Calvary Baptist used an 8-5 run in the third quarter to extend its lead to 25-20 as play entered the finale.
The five-point deficit was as close as the Lady Defenders would come over the remaining eight minutes of play as the Lady Patriots outscored their hosts 11-8 to close out a 12-point win.
OVCS finished the night having shot 11-of-41 from the field for 27 percent, including 2-of-19 from three-point range for 11 percent. The Lady Defenders collected 30 rebounds and committed 28 turnovers.
Emily Childers led the way with 14 points, including two trifectas. Kristen Durst was next with six markers.
Cori Hutchison chipped in five markers and Lauren Regan rounded out the scoring with three points.
CBA made 14-of-58 field goals for 24 percent, including 1-of-10 from beyond the arc for 10 percent. The Lady Patriots pulled down 31 rebounds and committed 17 turnovers.
Hannah Bailey finished with a game-high 20 points, including one three-pointer. Hannah Holstein was next with seven markers.
Makenna Smith followed with three markers, while Sydnie Neely, Madison Neely and Ashlynn Bowles concluded the scoring for the Lady Patriots with two points apiece.
The Lady Defenders return to action on Monday when they travel to face Covenant Christian.
Ohio Valley Christian junior Makala Sizemore (24) looks to pass against two Lady Patriots defenders during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Sizemore.jpg Ohio Valley Christian junior Makala Sizemore (24) looks to pass against two Lady Patriots defenders during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. Scott Jones|OVP Sports Ohio Valley Christian junior Kristen Durst (23) looks to pass against during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Durst.jpg Ohio Valley Christian junior Kristen Durst (23) looks to pass against during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) Scott Jones|OVP Sports Ohio Valley Christian first-year student Lauren Ragan (5) dribbles the ball against a Lady Patriots defender during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Ragan.jpg Ohio Valley Christian first-year student Lauren Ragan (5) dribbles the ball against a Lady Patriots defender during the first half of the Lady Defenders 36-28 loss to Calvary Baptist Academy on Friday in Gallipolis. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) Scott Jones|OVP Sports
By Scott Jones sjones@aimmediamidwest.com
Scott Jones can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext 2106.
Scott Jones can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext 2106.
Roanoke City looks to tackle blighted properties
| By
Blighted and abandoned properties in Roanoke – its long been an issue. At today's Council meeting City Manager Bob Cowell talk about providing more “tools” to deal with the issue. Those tools could include improved code enforcement – and partnering with local non-profits to “land-bank” abandoned or blighted properties and vacant lots, then redeveloping them when favorable real estate market conditions exist.
3-19 Blight#1-WEB
Multiple eyewitnesses say the hooded protester who went nose-to-nose with Jacob Rees-Mogg tonight is a Corbynista, Momentum and Labour supporter. The word on campus is that the hatted protester with red sunglasses seen berating the Mogg in the above video is Josh Connor, a former student at the University of the West of England, where tonight's disruption took place. Connor was described by eyewitnesses as the protester who was “most vocal and stayed longest.” Their social media tells the usual story…
Likes include Jeremy Corbyn, Bristol Momentum Youth, Bristol Labour Party and Filton and Bradley Stoke Constituency Labour Party. Posts include a picture of a pie with the word “corbz” baked into the crust. Another picture shows Ken Loach addressing a Bristol Momentum event. Other pics show a copy of Mao's Little Red Book being received as birthday present and hammer and sickle with the slogan “eat the rich.” Sadly predictable…
A deputy Chief of Staff, Samuel Abu Jinapor has dimissed claims that he's putting up an edifice in Damongo in the Northern Region.
According to him, he's bcome aware of a deliberate and vile propaganda circulating on social media to the effect that, he's building a “magnificent villa” in Damongo, in the Northern Region, as part of an alleged ambition “to annex” a Parliamentary seat.
But in a terse statement, Mr Abu Jinapor urged the public to disregard the allegations with the contempt that it deserved as they're baseless.
“For the records, I do not own any landed property in Damongo. Again, I am not building a “mansion” there either. These widely circulating claims , yet again, fit into the grand scheme by full-time detractors to soil my reputation. I, therefore, entreat all and sundry to completely disregard this wicked propaganda.”
New Video: Koker – Wavy
Chocolate City‘s Koker premieres the visuals to their previously released single titled “Wavy“. Wavy was produced by Rhyme Bamz, co-produced by Reinhard, while the video was directed by Director Q. Hit Play below!
The post New Video: Koker – Wavy appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
How to get a promotion: an algorithm from a career adviser
The issue of career growth and development is one of the most frequent requests of candidates who come to career counseling. The lack of development demotivates ambitious specialists, and sometimes makes them look around looking for the better employer. If you are striving for development, but something goes wrong, you need to understand what is preventing you from achieving the desired result. In this post, we'll try to figure that out. Place online application for Job Vacancies on Jiji ! Hundreds of trusted employers from all around Nigeria are waiting for you!
Questions to ask
Before deciding to take decisive action, try to answer one question – what is career growth for you?
If you honestly answer the questions below, you may find that the notion of “career growth” is not what you thought. For example, the desire to earn more, study new areas of work, the need for praise and recognition of your work, and not always – promotion on the career ladder.
So, here are four questions that will help determine what does “career growth” means for you:
– What is career growth for me?
– Why do I need career growth?
– How do I understand that I have reached a career path (deduce the criteria for yourself: what is going on around, what do I feel, what do I do, what is my job title, etc.)?
– What will I do next (how I see further career growth)?
Limited perception
More often than not, people think that career growth is a raise in the career ladder with an increase in salary. But it is not always the case. Traditionally, there are several types of career growth. Vertical growth – rising through the ranks to higher levels in the hierarchy. Often it implies growth in leadership positions with the presence of subordinates. In addition to the vertical growth, there is also a so-called horizontal growth. For example, when a person changes position within the same company (for example, the accountant moves to the audit department) or extends their functions and responsibility in the current position (for example, the accountant is developing a new department). Also among the options for horizontal growth there is a deepening in specialization. For example, the accountant of a small company shifts to a large one. The advantage of horizontal career growth, compared to the vertical one, is the opportunity to increase professionalism and the level of wages without the need to manage people.
Talk about what you are doing
You may think that the manager sees your work and should guess that it's time for you to “grow”. But this is not exactly the case. If the company does not know about your expectations, then they will not be able to satisfy them. In addition, management can seriously overlook your role. Therefore, during the assessment of personnel or in a dialogue with the manager, do not forget to mention the work done.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Quit notice on Igbos: Nigeria has only two tribes – Yemi Alade
Nigerian singer, Yemi Eberechi Alade, simply known as Yemi Alade, has said there are only two tribes in Nigeria. According to her, the two tribes in Nigeria are, ‘The elites and the masses.' They were reacting to the ultimatum issued by Northern Coalition group ordering Igbos to vacate the region in three months. Quit notice: …
The post Quit notice on Igbos: Nigeria has only two tribes – Yemi Alade appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
YOKOSUKA, Japan (AP) — A Japanese industrial group has unveiled a swimming robot designed be used underwater to probe damage from meltdowns at the Fukushima Dai-Ichi nuclear plant after the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami….
Comments
comments
Exxon's CEO says the company can more than double its earnings by 2025 and will invest in new oil and gas production even if policymakers adopt rules to combat climate change.
Darren Woods told shareholders Wednesday that technology like biofuels will allow the company to produce energy with lower carbon emissions.
Environmentalists say Woods is offering political spin instead of solutions.
The oil giant's annual meeting in a symphony hall was a tame affair, lacking the usual number of protesters. For the first time in years, there were no environmental resolutions from activist shareholders and no fiery speeches during the open-comment period.
Woods, like their predecessor and former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, said the world will need oil and gas for decades. Exxon, Woods said, is responding to that demand while investing in technology such as carbon capture and biofuels to reduce heat-trapping carbon emissions. Last week, the company promised to cut its own emissions of methane, a powerful greenhouse gas, by 15 percent by 2020 largely by reducing leakage from natural gas wells.
"We see our role as helping close the gap between what people want and what can be responsibly done," Woods said.
Environmentalists counter that Exxon's technology investments, some in partnership with leading universities, will not produce enough reductions to avoid the worst effects of climate change, including more bouts of severe weather.
Kathy Mulvey, a climate activist at the Union of Concerned Scientists, called Woods' comments "all PR" — public relations. They said Exxon's investments in alternative fuels and other technological breakthroughs are a pittance compared with its spending on finding more oil and gas.
"It's clear the company is banking on increased fossil-fuel production, despite being well aware of the climate risks," they said.
The Irving, Texas-based company earned $19.7 billion last year, as rising oil prices reversed a slide in profit. Yet the shares fell 7 percent last year and are down so far in 2018. Woods said the stock will rise as earnings improve.
Earlier this year, one of Exxon's most prominent critics, New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, was forced from office by charges that they physically abused several women. Schneiderman, a Democrat, was investigating whether Exxon misled the public and investors by hiding what it knew about the link between climate change and burning oil and gas.
Schneiderman's interim replacement, Barbara Underwood, is continuing the investigation, an aide said. Voters will pick the next attorney general in November in a state where registered Democrats outnumber Republicans about 2-to-1.
Exxon tried unsuccessfully to kill the investigation in the courts. Woods said they are confident Exxon will prevail, but they have not spoken to the interim AG about the case.
"There's going to be a new election," they told reporters. "Let's see what that election brings."
———
David Klepper in Albany, New York, contributed to this report.
Govt to lower number of PSBs to 10-15: FinMin advisor
Press Trust of India, New Delhi, Oct 6 2017, 16:58 IST
Finance Ministry's principal economic advisor Sanjeev Sanyal said consolidation of banks is longer term commercial decisions, whereas recapitalisation of PSBs is 'a more urgent issue' in order to get the banking system running again. Photo via FB.
India will have 10-15 public sector banks with government's majority stake, down from 21 at present, as part of its plan to consolidate banks, Finance Ministry's principal economic advisor Sanjeev Sanyal said today.
They said cleaning up of the bad loan problems is the first priority and after that the PSU banks could be consolidated.
"There are something like 21-22 public sector banks.. The numbers will be reduced in terms of consolidation, but somewhere to the 10-15 range. We are not going to take it too far down...We need to consolidate some of these large number of banks, but be clear that we are not going to reduce these down to some people think like 4-5 national champions.
We recognise that that will lead to too many 'too-big- to-fail' banks. Currently, we have one large bank State Bank of India... We do not want to create a large number of them. Then we will have a real problem in terms of concentration of risks," Sanyal said at the India Economic Summit.
They said consolidation of banks is longer term commercial decisions, whereas recapitalisation of PSBs is "a more urgent issue" in order to get the banking system running again.
Adding to inefficient banks does not lead to a bigger efficient bank. So, this cleaning up of the bad loans problem is the first priority, they said.
As part of the clean up process, the RBI has already started recognising the bad assets, provision them and is taking some of them to bankruptcy and insolvency process.
"Now, the second step consequently is recapitalisation and getting these banks running again... that will be done in next few months. The government is fully aware that we need a much larger banking system by factors of multiple than what it is today," Sanyal said, adding India's banking system is way too small for future and needs to be expanded significantly.
Recapitalisation bonds is one of the options for infusing capital into banks, they said, adding that the government could also dilute its stake in some lenders to 52 per cent.
"There are many options and all of them will be explored in combination," they said.
In the last consolidation drive, five associate banks and Bharatiya Mahila Bank (BMB) became part of State Bank of India (SBI) on April 1, 2017, catapulting the countrys the largest lender to among the top 50 banks in the world.
State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ), State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH), State Bank of Mysore (SBM), State Bank of Patiala (SBP) and State Bank of Travancore (SBT), besides BMB, were merged with SBI.
While deciding on the consolidation, the ministry would keep in mind factors like regional balance, geographical reach, financial burden and smooth human resource transition. Also a very weak bank would not be merged with a strong one "as it could pull the latter down".
As per S&P Global Ratings, PSU banks will need at least Rs 1.9 lakh crore additional capital by March 2019 as the lack of it will restrict their ability to write down non-performing loans.
Sanyal further said the government is moving from "rent- seeking patronage-based economy" to "rule-based, entrepreneur based economy".
"When you introduce radical changes like this (demonetisation and GST), you have to expect unintended consequences. So, it was a huge political step to step into the water and then learn to swim," they added.
The barrage that the president and their allies have launched at the F.B.I. is focused on one small part of the mission — surveillance warrants — in an agency of 35,000 people that investigates everything from bank robberies to human trafficking to Wall Street malfeasance. But Mr. Trump could have more ammunition in the coming weeks as the Justice Department's inspector general finishes a report widely expected to be critical of the F.B.I.'s handling of the final months of the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server.
As part of that inquiry, Michael E. Horowitz, the inspector general, has uncovered text messages between two F.B.I. officials working on that case and also the Russia investigation in which they express intense dislike for Mr. Trump.
Mr. Horowitz is expected to reserve particularly harsh criticism for the two officials, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page. Conservative media outlets have already delivered their verdicts on the officials, who are regularly skewered on the popular Fox News program hosted by Sean Hannity.
Mr. Hannity recently described the Mueller investigation and decisions in 2016 by James B. Comey, the F.B.I. director at the time, as “one giant incestuous circle of corruption.”
Some Justice Department veterans see Mr. Horowitz's report as another cudgel for those trying to discredit not only the Mueller investigation but also the wider law enforcement community.
“In this political atmosphere, anything critical of the F.B.I. will be used against it,” said Jack Goldsmith, a top Justice Department official in the George W. Bush administration.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Still, Republican lawmakers made a curious decision to focus so intensely on the government's surveillance warrant for Mr. Page. Mr. Trump's allies have spent more than a year distancing themselves from Mr. Page, and describe them as an insignificant foreign policy adviser who lasted only a few months on the campaign and never met Mr. Trump.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Their trips to Moscow in 2016 were not connected to the campaign, they said, and campaign officials were unaware of their contacts with Russian intelligence operatives in 2013 when they were hired onto Mr. Trump's foreign policy team during the election year.
The Republican memo, however, paints Mr. Page as the target of a political conspiracy that has the larger goal of hurting Mr. Trump — effectively binding Mr. Page and Mr. Trump more closely together in the public's mind.
The memo also reveals that the surveillance warrant involving Mr. Page was renewed on multiple occasions, including during the Trump administration, meaning that top law enforcement officials had convinced the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court that there was reason to believe that Mr. Page may have been acting as a foreign agent on behalf of the Russians.
“The Republicans have chosen to wrap their arms around Page, and they may come to regret that,” said Jeffrey Smith, a former general counsel for the Central Intelligence Agency.
The memo actually undercuts the argument that a dubious warrant involving Mr. Page was the beginning of the Russia investigation, as it points out that the investigation began in July 2016 because of information about contacts between Russian intermediaries and another Trump campaign adviser, George Papadopoulos.
The New York Times reported in December that the inquiry was launched after Mr. Papadopoulos, during a night of heavy drinking, had told Australia's top diplomat in Britain about these contacts, and the diplomat passed the information to the F.B.I.
How long the campaign by Mr. Trump and their associates against the F.B.I. lasts will most likely determine what, if any, long-term damage is done to the bureau. Mr. Smith, the former C.I.A. official, believes that the potential for harm is extensive, not least because foreign intelligence partners might be more reluctant to share information with the bureau.
But, they said, there could be significantly more harm if people begin looking for political motives in every action the F.B.I. takes.
“People across the country are going to say, ‘Can I trust the F.B.I.?'” they said.
Nigerian woman and their grandson escape London fire Tragedy (Photos)
A massive fire engulfed a residential high-rise building in London on Wednesday 14 June, leaving at least 74 people injured and 12 dead. The London Fire Brigade dispatched at least 40 fire engines, 20 ambulance crews and more than 200 firefighters in an effort to battle the conflagration, at the 24-story Grenfell Tower in West […]
The post Nigerian woman and their grandson escape London fire Tragedy (Photos) appeared first on Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian: Breaking News In Nigeria | Laila's Blog. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
FOWLERVILLE, Mich. (AP) — A Michigan police officer has been charged after their personal gun accidentally fired into the floor of a high school gymnasium as they watched a wrestling tournament in which their son was a competitor.
WHMI-FM reports that 40-year-old Mark Boudreau is charged with misdemeanor careless discharge of a firearm.
The shot was fired May 5 at Fowlerville High School, about 65 miles (105 kilometers) northwest of Detroit.
Boudreau, of the Flint Police Department, will be arraigned June 7.
Defense attorney Frank Manley on Wednesday called the shooting "unfortunate," and Boudreau "an outstanding veteran command officer."
The Flint Journal reports that Flint police said in a statement the department "cannot comment on any potential criminal allegations until" it receives "all of the facts at the conclusion of the proceedings."
#BBNaija3 – Day 5: House vs Khloe, First Arena Games & More Highlights
Did you watch day 5 of the Big Brother Naija 3 reality show? If you missed it, we've got the highlights for you! .. Stakes have risen This glorious morning saw most of the Housemates (excluding Bitto, K.Brule and DeeOne) making the most of their groove-packed, high intensity dance work out. The morning bump and grind left everyone feeling high off all […]
The post #BBNaija3 – Day 5: House vs Khloe, First Arena Games & More Highlights appeared first on BellaNaija.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Startup Air Belgium has selected Brussels South Charleroi Airport (CRL) as its home base for flights to China and other Asian destinations. First flights are scheduled for the end of March, with Hong Kong as the first destination. The first of four Airbus A340-300s is expected to arrive in mid-February, allowing the new airline to obtain an air operator's certificate (AOC). Air Belgium has a startup capital of €20 million ($25 million), divided among Belgian and European ...
MUSIC: Pakmi – Make Sense (Prod. Nero Sparkz)
Multi-Talented artiste who hails from the Southern part of Nigeria ‘Pakmi' surprises their fans with the release of the latest offering for 2017 which they dubbed ‘MAKE SENSE' with production credits from ‘NERO SPARKZ'
This sweet tune showcases the versatility ‘PAKMI' puts in their song.
Download & Enjoy.
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Pakmi-_-Make-Sense.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post MUSIC: Pakmi – Make Sense (Prod. Nero Sparkz) appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
They armed their diverse followers with a list of 198 of what they called “nonviolent weapons” of protest and noncooperation to disrupt or even paralyze oppressive authorities.
“In South America, they're not tweeting Che Guevara; they're tweeting Gene Sharp,” said the Scottish journalist Ruaridh Arrow, who made an acclaimed documentary film about Dr. Sharp in 2011, “How to Start a Revolution,” and wrote their biography, to be published this year.
Mr. Sharp urged protesters, among other things, to adopt a singular color (orange in Ukraine) or a symbol (Serbian housewives banging pots and pans). Other weapons of organized civil disobedience, they said, include boycotts, mock funerals, hunger strikes and what they called “dilemma protests,” which hornswoggle governments into counterproductive responses.
Weapon No. 57 was what they called “Lysistratic nonaction,” the name derived from Aristophanes' antiwar play “Lysistrata,” in which ancient Athenian women withhold sex from belligerent men until they agree to renounce aggression.
Their philosophy could be reduced to two axioms:
First, autocracies are vulnerable to being undermined because “dictators are never as strong as they tell you they are,” they said in Mr. Arrow's film, “and people are never as weak as they think they are.”
Second, while limited violence against dictatorial governments may sometimes be inevitable, violence provokes more violence, a strategy that gives dictators an advantage.
While Gandhi's death in 1948 galvanized a young Dr. Sharp to begin preaching nonviolence, they were no pacifist. They admired Gandhi less for their ethical commitment to the cause than for their rejection of passive submission and their tactical success with nonviolent alternatives.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Characterized variously as the “Machiavelli of Nonviolence” and the “Clausewitz of Nonviolent Warfare,” Mr. Sharp argued that nonviolent resistance draws its strength from basic human nature.
“It doesn't build on the capacity of people to love each other and turn the other cheek,” they told The Boston Globe in 1983, “but on people's capacity to be stubborn and cussed, and we're all good at that.”
Dr. Sharp worked out of their East Boston townhouse (where they cultivated rare orchids); it had doubled as their institution's cramped headquarters since funding began withering in 2004. The tipping point was a fallout with their chief benefactor, Peter Ackerman, a Wall Street investor, who began another organization to promote nonviolence.
Photo
Dr. Sharp was little known in the United States, but abroad they were a Forrest Gump of popular revolutions, turning up to observe insurgencies from Tiananmen Square in Beijing to Tahrir Square in Cairo. They advised Yasir Arafat, the leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization, on peaceful protest.
Their Oxford thesis, published in 1973 as “The Politics of Nonviolent Action: A Conceptual Framework for Liberation,” became a manual for revolutionaries everywhere.
Another of their 30 or so books, “Civilian-Based Defense: A Post-Military Weapons System” (1990), was invoked by government officials in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia in 1991 as they regained independence from the Soviet Union.
“I would rather have this book than the nuclear bomb,” Audrius Butkevicius, the former Lithuanian defense minister, once said.
Gene Elmer Sharp was born on Jan. 21, 1928, in North Baltimore, Ohio, to Paul Sharp, an itinerant Protestant minister and high school English teacher, and the former Eva Allgire, an elementary-school teacher.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They received a bachelor's degree in social science from Ohio State University in 1949 and later earned a master's in sociology there.
Dr. Sharp, who never married, is survived by a brother, Richard.
During the Korean War, rather than declaring themselves a conscientious objector, Dr. Sharp refused to cooperate with their draft board because they opposed conscription altogether. Sentenced to two years in prison for draft dodging, they served nine months.
But their protest and their first book generated a sympathetic response from Albert Einstein, prompting Mr. Sharp to name their institution after him. Einstein, who died in 1955, wrote the foreword to Dr. Sharp's first book, “Gandhi Wields the Weapon of Moral Power: Three Case Studies,” published in 1960.
“My activist experience was limited to one lunch counter sit-in in Columbus, Ohio, and my civil disobedience to conscription, which didn't do much to get rid of the war system,” Dr. Sharp told Reason magazine in 2011. “I only felt that I was maintaining my own integrity there. I was out to move beyond that.”
After prison, to pay their rent in Brooklyn, they held various jobs, including operating an elevator in a hospital and rat-proofing apartments in Harlem.
After serving as a secretary to the Dutch-born American pacifist A. J. Muste, they left for London to become an editor of Peace News, a weekly. They distributed leaflets and pamphlets promoting nuclear disarmament that were among the first to popularize the universal symbol of the peace movement, the circular logo designed by the British artist Gerald Holtom using semaphore signals for N and D.
Mr. Sharp later studied at the University of Oslo and at Oxford, where they earned a doctorate in 1968.
In addition to founding the Einstein Institution and serving as its senior scholar, Mr. Sharp was a professor emeritus of political science at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth and a researcher at the Weatherhead Center for International Affairs at Harvard.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Sharp generally argued that the United States should avoid involvement in indigenous revolutions. Nonetheless, Iran accused them of having links to American intelligence agencies, and Hugo Chavez, the leftist former president of Venezuela, called them a tool of President George W. Bush.
Mr. Sharp believed that dictators of every political stripe were empowered by the willing obedience of their subjects, and that their nonviolent alternatives to revolution were open to everyone.
“In the U.S., during the civil rights struggle, both sides used these techniques,” they told the magazine The New Statesman in 2013. “In the bus boycott, when black people organized car-sharing in protest against segregation, their opponents refused to sell them gasoline and canceled insurance policies on their cars. I don't think that was a wonderful thing to do, but it's certainly better than lynching.”
They added, “Governments won't have to fight terrorism anymore if the people who might have been terrorists learn to use this kind of struggle instead.”
Stay connected: The official MLS app keeps you connected with the latest news, highlights, scores, standings, and analysis all for FREE. Download for iOS (Apple) or Download for Android
Police are appealing for witnesses following a collision involving a cyclist and car in Sunderland.
It happened at 2.34pm on Sunday, December 10, on the B1405 eastbound on Essen Way roundabout junction with Tunstall Road.
A grey Honda Jazz car was travelling eastbound towards the roundabout intending to turn right onto Tunstall Road when, for reasons yet to be established, it collided with a cyclist.
The cyclist, a 69-year-old man, suffered serious head injuries and is currently detained in the Royal Victoria Infirmary (RVI) where their condition is described as critical but stable.
Members of the public including a doctor were at the scene assisting the injured cyclist, but they left before police arrived.
Officers are asking for these individuals to contact officers as they may be vital witnesses to the collision.
Police are appealing for witnesses, anyone with information and anyone who was in the area and may have dash cam footage are asked to contact motor patrols on 101 quoting reference 545 of 10/12/17.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and their cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In their December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
They described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
They said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
They said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
JONESBOROUGH, TN (WJHL) – The 45th Annual Storytelling Festival is underway in Tennessee's Oldest Town.
The event runs all weekend in Jonesborough.
International Storytelling Center President Kiran Singh Sirah said they expect around 10,000 people to attend this year's festival.
“We've got people coming from all 50 states, various countries from around the world are flying in. we've got the national poetry out loud champion,” Sirah said.
The events kicked off at 10 o'clock Friday morning and will wrap up Sunday afternoon.
For a complete schedule of events click here.
Copyright WJHL 2017. All rights reserved.
The loopholes at the back of Arsenal's defence have been addressed and rectified remarkably by the Spanish manager. And when a team is rock-solid at the back, it can more than flourish in the midfield and thrive in the attack.
When Arsene Wenger left Arsenal in the summer of 2018, the frustration of fans was at its peak as the North London club had failed twice in a row to breach the top four of Premier League. From the benchmark that Wenger had set in the past, 22 long years, finishing outside the top four was an all-time low for the club. Much of it was blamed on the French manager's reluctance to address defensive deficiencies and overtly reliance on the attack.
However, that is not the case with the newly-appointed head coach Unai Emery. Upon arrival, the Spaniard immediately pondered on the weak and declining defence and bolstered it with three fine signings.
Unai Emery first recruited veteran defender Stephan Lichtsteiner from Juventus to give competition at right back spot to Hector Bellerin, whose development had stagnated in the past two years.
The former Sevilla and PSG manager then addressed the goalkeeping department which included the increasingly error-prone Petr Cech and David Ospina. They secured the signature of highly-rated Bernd Leno from Bayer Leverkusen. The German goalkeeper is an absolutely top-notch player who can command their centre-backs effectively.
The masterstroke of Emery came early in July when they signed defender Sokratis Papastathopoulos from Borussia Dortmund. The 19-year-old central defender is a true leader on the pitch and perfectly able to marshal the troops at the back.
The loopholes at the back of Arsenal's defence have been addressed and rectified remarkably by the Spanish manager. And when a team is rock-solid at the back, it can more than flourish in the midfield and thrive in the attack.
All that Arsenal and Arsenal fans need now is Premier League to commence so that they can see their newly-recruited team play.
For all the latest Sports News, download NewsX App
Read More
An Allentown Federal Credit Union employee is charged with stealing more than $641,000.
An indictment unsealed last week says Julie Ann Turk, 46, of Washington Township, Lehigh County, took the money between 2009 and April 2016.
The indictment says they charged customers bogus fees and transferred the money to their personal account. They allegedly took $641,637.
 They are charged with bank fraud, bank embezzlement and three counts of money laundering.
They face a maximum of 90 years in prison and a $2.5 million fine, according to a news release from the U.S. attorney's office.
Turk was released on bail to their home in the 4600 block of Lovers Lane.
The indictment says Turk worked as a teller, Master Card coordinator, teller supervisor and general ledger coordinator at the credit union.
Them attorney, Maranna J. Meehan, didn't immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
Rudy Miller may be reached at rmiller@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @RudyMillerLV. Find Easton area news on Facebook.
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — Venezuelan officials are abandoning their most highly overvalued foreign exchange rate, which has been used for state imports of food and medicine as the nation's economic crisis worsens.
Authorities announced in the nation's official gazette that all transactions will instead utilize a second official exchange rate known as Dicom.
The Dicom rate still contrasts sharply with the current black market exchange rate: One U.S. dollar buys 3,345 bolivars at the Dicom rate while Venezuelans are paying an average of nearly 250,000 bolivars per U.S. dollar on the black market.
The rate being abandoned was set at 10 bolivars per dollar.
Venezuela has been operating with two official exchange rates, though most Venezuelans can only buy dollars on the illegal black market.
TURKEYS
Is it asking too much for a flu shot that works for more than a small slice of the population -- better than three in 10, possibly even one in ten? Each year to pharmaceutical companies and research firms work to come up with a line of defense against influenza, which this year is hitting the U.S. hard. Lehigh Valley Health Network, along with other hospitals, has set up outside treatment tents to augment emergency rooms. Doctors say a limited vaccine is better than none, and are urging anyone who hasn't gotten a shot to do so. Still, we have to do better. Health experts say money should be spent to develop a universal vaccine that could be used anywhere in the world and be effective against any strain. Sounds like a penny-wise, pound-of-prevention plan.
Motorists in Washington Township, Northampton County, have been plagued by an insidious road hazard. Township police someone spread nails welded together in pointy spherical shapes on O.W. Road and Molasses Road. Several drivers reported tire punctures, according to Police Chief Scott Miller, who said roofing nails, bolts and nuts also were found on roads. No injuries were reported. Anyone with information is asked to call township police via the county's 911 non-emergency line, 610-759-2200.
TROPHIES
A group of volunteers researching records at Straw Church Cemetery in Pohatcong Township has solved a mystery. Going through old documents, they discovered an unmarked grave is the resting place of Aaron Kichline, a Civil War veteran who died in 1921. They will be remembered this spring, when a headstone will be placed on the grave. The community is invited to take part in the event, including a planning meeting at 1 p.m. Feb. 11 at the church hall across Route 22 from the cemetery. The volunteers leading the effort are Dave and Charlotte Morris and Carol and David Hoff, who are digitizing the cemetery's records.
It could have ended differently. When Christopher Baj barricaded themselves inside a Bethlehem Township home -- after firing a handgun through a bathroom door, where their wife was seeking refuge -- a Pennsylvania State Police negotiator took over. For more than eight hours Baj ignored their pleas to surrender. Their wife and two boys, who were not injured, were able to get out before the standoff began. Rather than storm the house, police negotiated with Baj with a loudspeaker from an armored vehicle. The incident ended peacefully when they gave themselves up. Baj, who had been served with divorce papers before the incident, was charged with attempted murder and other crimes.
Portions of I-10 on the Mississippi River Bridge will be closed during the first weekend of June, according to DOTD.
Road work will begin on June 1 to fix the Mississippi River Bridge eastbound approach near the Port Allen exit in West Baton Rouge Parish. Crews will fix the failing approach to the bridge on the west bank.
This is the second weekend for the repairs. Before Memorial Day Weekend, crews repaired the inside lane. Crews will repair the outside lane this weekend.
The eastbound lane closure will affect the outside lane and is scheduled from 7 p.m. on Friday, June 1 to noon on Sunday, June 3.
The LA 1 on-ramp will be closed from 7 p.m. on Friday, June 1 to noon on Saturday, June 2.
Additionally, a 12-foot restriction has been placed for vehicles traveling across the Mississippi River Bridge during this closure.
Motorists are advised to prepare for delays during the repairs and to take alternate routes during this closure.
All repair activity is weather dependent and may be rescheduled in the event of inclement weather.
Motorists can access the latest updates on real-time traffic and road conditions by going to www.511la.org or by dialing 511 on the telephone.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
An exhibition commemorating the life and career of late Taiwan comic book artist and writer Chen Uen is set to kick off June 16 at National Palace Museum in Taipei City.
Organized by the Ministry of Culture, “The Legacy of Chen Uen: Art, Life and Philosophy” will showcase more than 250 pieces spanning original illustrations, scripts and sculptures. Running through Sept. 17, the show aims to foster awareness of Chen's achievements in art and computer game design as well as the ideals underpinning their works.
MOC Minister Cheng Li-chiun May 29 hailed Chen as a trailblazer in Taiwan's comic industry. They had a profound influence on disciplines spanning literature, film and music across the region, Cheng said, adding that they hope this show can bring visitors up to speed on the iconic artist.
According to Cheng, this is the first MOC-organized exhibition focused on comics, highlighting the government's commitment to promoting the development of this creative sector. Going forward, the ministry will work to advance Taiwan's ACG, or anime, comics and games, industry through the establishment of the Cultural Content Institute, they said.
The institute, outlined in a draft bill approved by the Cabinet in March, is expected to play a front-line role in attracting more professionals from home and abroad to the local cultural content industry, generating additional inbound investment and promoting efficient resource integration.
Born in 1958, Chen launched their comic book career in 1984 with a series published in local news magazine China Times Weekly. Primarily working in the fantasy, martial arts and pan-Asian historical fiction genres, they are best known for their use of bold colors and traditional Chinese ink-wash painting techniques.
In 1991, Chen became the first foreign national to win the prestigious Japan Cartoonists Association Award. They received the honor for their publication “Heroes of the East Chou Dynasty,” a work of historical fiction set during China's Spring and Autumn as well as Warring States periods (770-221 B.C.).
In addition to their printed works, Chen also delved into the digital realm, collaborating with Japan's Game Arts for a special edition of the popular video game “Romance of the Three Kingdoms” featuring characters based on their designs.
To promote the exhibition, the MOC released May 29 a short video directed by Taiwan filmmaker Muh Chen and featuring music by Chen Hsin-hung, lead singer of acclaimed local band Mayday. A series of seminars and workshops will also be held in conjunction with the show so as to foster interest in the comic and other cultural content industries, the ministry said. (CPY-E)
Ochsner Medical Center – Baton Rouge (OMCBR) is celebrating a familiar commendation. OMCBR was awarded an ‘A' for its efforts in protecting patients from harm and meeting the highest safety standards in the U.S.
RELATED: Learn more about Ochsner Medical Center - Baton Rouge
It's an award the Ochsner Medical Center has earned six consecutive times before from the Leapfrog Group, a Washington D.C.-based organization aiming to improve health care quality and safety for consumers and purchasers.
OMCBR was one of 750 hospitals awarded an ‘A' by the Leapfrog Group when they released the new Leapfrog Hospital Safety Grades. The Safety Grade assigns an A, B, C, D or F grade to hospitals across the country based on their performance in preventing medical errors, infections and other harms among patients in their care.
“All of our healthcare providers and staff are focused on improving health outcomes,” said OMCBR CEO Eric McMillen. “Ochsner believes in always putting patients first, which is why our quality and safety continue to be among the best in the country.”
OMCBR has been named a Distinguished Hospital for Clinical Excellence by Healthgrades and earned the Healthgrades Patient Safety Excellence Award each year since 2015. It is the only hospital in the Capital Region ranked among IBM Watson Health's 100 Top Hospitals.
“This is the only national rating of how well hospitals protect patients from preventable harm and death, such as medical errors, infections, and injuries,” said Leah Binder, president and CEO of The Leapfrog Group. “Receiving an ‘A' Safety Grade means a hospital is among the best in the country for preventing these terrible problems and putting their patients first, 24 hours a day.”
For more information or to schedule an appointment with an Ochsner practitioner, call 225-761-5200.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
