At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
A bull shark that was found in a puddle south of Townsville, following flooding in the area from heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie in Australia. Queensland Fire and Emergency Services
Local resident Bradley Mitchell inspects the damage to a relative's boat after it smashed against the bank after Cyclone Debbie passed through the township of Airlie Beach, located south of the northern Australian city of Townsville. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Dave Mcinnerney inspects the damage to their motel after Cyclone Debbie at Shute Harbour in the township of Airlie Beach. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
A local resident wades into flood waters blocking the road between the townships of Airlie Beach and Proserpine after Cyclone Debbie hit the area in northern Queensland, located south of Townsville. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
A tree lies on the ground near a motel after falling during strong winds from Cyclone Debbie at Airlie Beach. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
A plane that was flipped by strong winds from Cyclone Debbie is seen at the airport in the town of Bowen. AAP/Sarah Motherwell/via REUTERS
SYDNEY Australian authorities told 40,000 people to evacuate to higher ground on Thursday as a storm system generated by a powerful cyclone that pummelled the northeast two days ago swept down the coast with heavy rain.
Cyclone Debbie hit as a category four storm in the north of tropical Queensland state on Tuesday, smashing tourist resorts, bringing down power lines, flattening canefields and shutting down coal mines.
Driving rain fell most heavily on Thursday in hinterland and coastal areas either side of the state capital, Brisbane.
"This severe weather system that began with Cyclone Debbie and is tracking down the coast is causing havoc across our state," Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk told reporters in Brisbane.
The cyclone was downgraded to a tropical low depression on Wednesday but on Thursday was driving squalls with torrential rain across a 1,200-km (745-mile) stretch of Australia's east coast, swelling rivers, causing flash floods and prompting authorities to tell 40,000 people to evacuate.
In Lismore in the north of neighbouring New South Wales state, the State Emergency Service order 7,000 residents in low-lying areas to leave after forecasts predicted the town's worst flood in nearly 20 years.
A levee protects the rural hub in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, home to at least 25,000 people, but most of those downtown planned to seek higher ground, Geoff Baxter, a bartender at the Richmond Hotel told Reuters.
"We're clearing out the pub, mate, and closing it up. All the shops got closed, everyone's clearing up their cellars," they said.
Further north, Queensland closed more than 2,000 schools as sustained heavy rainfall brought flash floods to the Gold Coast tourist area and Mackay further north.
In the cyclone-hit zone further north still, military helicopters, ferries and planes brought hundreds of holidaymakers stranded on resort islands in the storm's path to the mainland, where tens of thousands more people were without power.
Resorts along the world-famous Great Barrier Reef and the Whitsunday coast bore the brunt of the storm with wind gusts stronger than 260 kph (160 mph).
"It's kind of chaos down here," Jon Clements, an architect awaiting evacuation from Hamilton Island, told Reuters. "I think there's probably three times the number of people they can put on aeroplanes at the moment down there."
At nearby Daydream Island, where water supplies had run low since the storm, troops brought food, fuel and water while helicopters carried sick guests to the mainland.
The resort will be closed for at least a month for repairs, management said in a statement, as tourism operators statewide reported cancelled bookings and anticipated a long-term hit to trade.
"That's the kind of collateral damage we suffer sometimes in our industry," Queensland Tourism Industry Council chief executive Daniel Gschwind told Reuters.
In the Bowen Basin, the world's single largest source of coal used to make steel, major miners Glencore and BHP said they were still assessing the extent of any disruption to shipments.
All four coal rail networks run by operator Aurizon were closed, alongside its road and rail operations from the Bowen Basin to Brisbane. Ports at Abbot Point, Hay Point and Mackay also shut, but did not report extensive damage.
Of the smaller miners, Yancoal had called force majeure on its Middlemount mine.
About 2,500 insurance claims have been filed but Queensland's top two insurers, Suncorp Group Ltd and RACQ, said it was too early to put a dollar figure on the damage.
Hundreds of hectares of sugarcane crops were flattened, but Wilmar on Thursday restarted sugar mills at Proserpine and Sarina.
One female tourist was killed in a car crash on Monday that police said was due to wild weather as Cyclone Debbie approached. Another two people were injured as the storm passed through.
(Additional reporting by Melanie Burton in MELBOURNE; Editing by Jane Wardell and Paul Tait)
Raphael Rowe, who was wrongly convicted of murder in Britain, entered some of the world's most dangerous prisons for a new Netflix documentary. They told Sputnik what it was like and also how they came face-to-face with a serial killer in a Ukrainian jail.
Rowe presents Inside The World's Toughest Prisons, which will be shown on Netflix from Friday, July 6, in which they visited four jails in Brazil, Belize, Papua New Guinea and Ukraine.
"I spent most of my time in prison in single cells in England. But in the prisons I visited they were all dormitories. The conditions were appalling. It was far more volatile, far more on edge and more dangerous than a British prison," Rowe told Sputnik.
"Porto Velho prison in Brazil was run by gangs. A kingpin runs every prison. In Brazil there have been numerous riots. The threat was always there. There was no guarantee that the guards could ensure our safety," Rowe told Sputnik.
'Barbaric' Gangs Running Prison in Brazil
They said Porto Velho was a "tinderbox" and there had been "bloodbath" riots where people had had their heads chopped off or their hearts cut out in "barbaric" ways by the two rival gangs — the Red Command and the PCC (Primeiro Comando da Capital) — which are at war across Brazil.
Launching @Netflix on 6th July A post shared by Raphael (@areporter) on Jul 1, 2018 at 2:22am PDT
Rowe was uniquely qualified to present the series.
© Sputnik / Emporium Productions Raphael Rowe (center) with their cellmates at Porto Velho prison in Brazil's Rondonia state
"I was arrested, charged and convicted of a murder that I didn't commit and I spent 12 years in prison before I was released in 1988," Rowe told Sputnik reporter Chris Summers, who actually visited them in a British jail back in 1999, a year before their conviction for the murder was finally quashed.
Rowe, who became known as one of the "M25 Three", was wrongly convicted of murdering Peter Hurburgh; a 57-year-old gay hairdresser died of a heart attack after being beaten and doused with petrol by a gang who discovered them in a field close to the M25 motorway in Surrey with their 20-year-old lover.
They said they found inmates in Brazil, Papua New Guinea and Ukraine who said they were innocent and had been "fitted up" by the authorities but they said the worst cases were in Belize.
"I can't say whether they were innocent or guilty but the criminal justice system in Belize is atrocious. People regularly spent five or ten years in prison awaiting trial and are then acquitted," Rowe told Sputnik.
'Chilling' Interview With Ukrainian Serial Killer
But one man who is most definitely guilty is Serhiy Tkach, a serial killer who Rowe came face to face with in a Ukrainian jail.
"It was the most chilling interview I have done in my life," said Rowe, who became a journalist not long after coming out of prison in 2000.
© Photo : Emporium Productions Serhiy Tkach, a Ukrainian serial killer, who was interviewed by Raphael Rowe
"He is serving a life sentence for killing 38 women and children and they are also a necrophiliac. They were suspected of killing over 100. I was taken into a Hannibal Lecter-style cage where I met him. They looked like a grandfather but they were cold and matter-of-fact and answered all my questions," Rowe told Sputnik.
What an honour to be at the screening of @areporter's stunning new @netflix series @PrisonsNetflix made by @emporiumtv tonight. Couldn't recommend more highly and can't wait to watch the rest on release date 6th July #prisons #toughestprisons pic.twitter.com/ItzhA5jBVN — Helen Purvis (@helen_purvis) 27 June 2018
​Conjugal Rights
They said they later met Tkach and their 26-year-old wife, Elena, in the conjugal cell they were locked in together for three days in the prison.
"It was testament to the journey we went on. We went to look at the unique way different countries treat their prisoners and the attitude they have to measuring public security with human rights. In the Ukraine prisoners are allowed conjugal visits. I asked them how they could allow a man like that to have conjugal visits. How could they allow a man who you know has committed horrific crimes to spend twop nights and three days locked in a cell with a woman who might never come out alive and their example was very simple ‘it's the law' and it is an entitlement that they and all other prisoners are entitled to no matter what are the crimes they committed," Rowe told Sputnik.
Rowe said they got on well with most of the inmates they met in all four countries, because they recognized they had spent time in prison and did not show any fear.
"If you show fear it makes you vulnerable and prisoners will exploit that. It required a lot of my inner strength. I knew prisons and I know prisoners," Rowe told Sputnik.
Hairy Moment in Papua New Guinea
One of the hairiest moments was in Bomana prison in Papua New Guinea.
"I was sat down locked in a cell dormitory with about 50 other guys and I was interviewing a Death Row prisoner who was in for the murder of a witch and during that interview a fight broke out in the cell complex and this Death Row prisoner just coolly walked over to where the fight had broken out and they just stopped it dead. It was a bit on edge for us. Something like that can easily spill out into a full-blown riot. But we didn't realize the power they had among other prisoners," Rowe told Sputnik.
How small steps can create a better future for our Earth
You've been hearing “reduce, reuse, recycle” since elementary school, but have you been staying true to these three simple tasks? The three R's are some the easiest actions one can do to help conserve our planet's natural resources and beauty.
However, I often find that on Saint Joseph's University's campus, many students either improperly dispose of recyclable items, or fail to dispose of them at all. I feel as if I'm always yelling at one of my friends as they walk towards a garbage can throw away a plastic bottle. Where there's a trash can, there's usually a corresponding recycling bin right next to it, and if not, is it so hard to hold on to it until you can find its proper place for disposal?
Throughout my life I've seen a lack of concern about the destination of our waste, and I've always wondered, why? Is it that people don't pay attention, or are they simply uninformed? Or is it that we simply don't care where our trash ends up as long as we don't have it pile up in our homes?
Unless you live under a rock, or are simply unobservant as you roam the halls of every building on campus, you will notice colored bins that are labeled with what to put in them, from dried out markers and pens, to batteries, and even ink cartridges. These are all in addition to the full size recycling bins for all your paper, plastic, and aluminum products. These bins are graciously provided and maintained by the Green Fund here on campus, which I am a proud member of. Last week, as we collected the materials from these bins, we found trash, half-finished drinks, and old food in them. We can all become conscious of simple actions, like putting the right materials into the designated bins. This will improve not only the sustainability and cleanliness of the St. Joe's campus, but the earth itself.
Yes, there's a lot going on in the world right now, and one may not see simple things like recycling as a priority, but unless you have the magical formula that will reverse global warming, every tiny contribution counts. The population continues to grow year after year, which means less land and more production—ultimately putting more plastic containers and packaging out into stores that end up in garbage cans and landfills. The more reusable and recyclable items society wastes, the more resources are taken from the earth and energy is wasted retrieving them.
So, no, the one or two bottles you accidentally put in the garbage won't kill the planet. But if every individual in the world makes the same mistake, which they often do, the effects can be drastic. What many people may not know, is that what we waste and how we dispose of it affects many aspects in the functioning of society. According to Recycling Across America (RAA), an environmental nonprofit, in addition to improving the appearance and quality of the environment, recycling contributes to the economy, creates jobs, and fosters sustainable manufacturing methods. It costs significantly more to incinerate or put waste in a landfill than it does to recycle it. If you burn plastic on your own, you put yourself more at risk with the harmful toxins released into the air. Recycling presents copious amounts of benefits and opportunities to better our society and the environment we inhabit, and if I tried to list them all we would be here forever. The nonprofit's website for RAA writes: “When U.S. recycling levels reach 75% it will be the environmental and CO2 equivalent of removing 55 million cars from U.S. roads each year.”
It is not a question of why should we recycle; it is how can we as a campus and as contributing members of society can learn to properly dispose of waste, and educate others about the benefits and necessity of recycling.
Be conscious of your waste, my friends, and together we can make the world a greener place.
A senior Iranian official said on Tuesday that Tehran may withdraw from the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (NPT) if President Donald Trump scraps the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), or Iran nuclear deal.
Iran has been party to the NPT since 1970.
“This is one of three options that we are considering,” Ali Shamkhani, the secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council, said about the possibility that Iran will withdraw from the NPT if Trump dismantles the nuclear Iran deal. According to Reuters, Shamkhani made the statement during a news conference broadcast on state television and also stated that the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran was ready for some “surprising actions” if the nuclear deal was scrapped.
Also on Tuesday, Iran's President Hassan Rouhani reportedly warned Trump that there would be “severe consequences” if they “betrays the deal.”
“If anyone betrays the deal, they should know that they would face severe consequences,” Rouhani said in Tabriz. They reportedly added, “Iran is prepared for all possible situations” and said, “I am telling those in the White House that if they do not live up to their commitments … the Iranian government will firmly react.”
Last week, Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif threatened that the United States would face an “unpleasant” response if Washington decides to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal saying, “Definitely, the measure that the Islamic Republic would take and the reaction that the international community would show to the US move would be very unpleasant to the Americans.”
French President Emmanuel Macron arrived in Washington, DC, on Monday in a last-ditch attempt to keep America in the JCPOA.
During their joint press conference with the leader of the free world, Macron said it was time to work on a new Iran deal, saying, “I can say that we have had very frank discussions on that, just the two of us. We, therefore, wish from now on to work on a new deal with Iran.”
During the press conference, Trump warned Iran against restarting its nuclear program. “You'll find out about that. It won't be so easy for them to restart. They're not going to be restarting anything. They restart it, they're going to have big problems, bigger than they've ever had before,” Trump said.
Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter.
March 31 Axis Bank Ltd:
* Says signed deal with GUS Holdings B.V. for sale of 10 percent shares of Experian India to GUS Holdings at INR 45.7 per share
* Says deal for total cash consideration of 640 million rupees
* Says deal expected to be completed by June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes are eyeing a big move.
The famously private couple was spotted house hunting last week just outside of Los Angeles. Gosling, 37, and Mendes, 44, brought their little ones along to explore a six-bedroom mansion valued at $8 million in the Pasadena area.
The happy family of four was seen going into the lavish house, with Gosling carrying almost 2-year-old Amada while their big sister Esmeralda, 3, ran ahead of the group.
The Gosling-Mendes clan was dressed casually for the outing, with Mendes choosing a brightly patterned blouse and skirt combo that matched the headdress they wrapped their hair in. The Daily Mail was first to report the outing.
Eva Mendes and Ryan Gosling at the 2012 Toronto Film Festival Sonia Recchia/Getty Images
The A-list couple has rarely been seen together since they first started dating in mid-2011. Even rarer is either of them opening up about their relationship, though Gosling couldn't help but gush over their family in a GQ profile.
“I only know what it's like to have my kids. And in my situation, Eva's the dream mother, and they're dream babies, and it's like a dream that I'm having right now,” Gosling told GQ Magazine in 2016. “I'm dreaming it all. So I feel so lucky.”
RELATED VIDEO: Ryan Gosling on Why Their 1-Year-Old Daughter's First Visit to NYC Was Memorable for All the Wrong Reasons
The actor also dedicated their 2017 Golden Globes win for best actor in a comedy to Mendes, who they lovingly referred to as my lady without ever saying them name.
“While I was singing and dancing and playing piano … my lady was raising our daughter, pregnant with our second and trying to help their brother with their battle with cancer,” Gosling said about their time filming La La Land.
The Super Bowl is the most watched event every year on TV and that means plenty of people who don't care about football are tuning in, or joining friends for a Big Game gathering. The NFL knows this and so do the sportsbooks and that's why the pregame and half-time entertainment is important and so are the associated prop bets, according to sister site Covers.com.
People won and lost money last year depending on what color hair Lady Gaga sported during the halftime show and by how many times the TV cameras turned to Gisele Bundchen during the game broadcast.
The prop wagers this year range from what will New England Patriots' head coach Bill Belichick be wearing on the sidelines (my money's on the cut-off hoodie) to how many times will Al Michaels and Cris Collinsworth say “Gronk” during the game.
Here's a look at the craziest and most fun prop bets on the board at BetDSI and our feeble attempt at handicapping them.
Halftime
Justin Timberlake returns to the Super Bowl halftime show for the first time since the infamous wardrobe malfunction involving Janet Jackson in 2004. JT is out to prove he's no boob (sorry) by giving a performance your pastor will love as much as your teenage niece.
Bettors can take a stab as to what song will open Timberlake's show:
Can't Stop The Feeling! +150
Sexyback +175
Rock Your Body +400
Cry Me A River +500
Mirrors +550
Filthy +750
True Colors +800
Love Never Felt So Good +900
What Goes Around…Comes Around +1000
Senorita +1250
Suit & Tie +1500
Field – Any Other Song +200
They performed Can't Stop the Feeling! At the Oscars last year and the song was their first to hit No. 1 on the Billboard Top 100 in over 10 years when it topped in 2016. The Super Bowl is about playing the hits and usually condensed versions to fit as many songs into the limited amount of time given.
Rock Your Body was the tune being performed when JT upper-body pantsed Janet Jackson, so they might want to nip (sorry) it in the bud and avoid the song altogether. SexyBack or Can't Stop the Feeling! seem like the logical choices.
You can also bet the Yes/No on appearances made by other Timberlake performing friends like Britney Spears (Yes +300, No -500), Janet Jackson (Yes +400, No -500), Jay-Z (Yes +300, No -500), Madonna (Yes +400, No -600) or any member of JT's old boy band NSYNC (Yes +150, No -180).
If Britney made an appearance and there was another costume failure, would the headline on the back page of the New York Post be “Oops I Did It Again”?
Broadcast Booth
More and more play-by-play people are paying attention to pointspreads and totals, but Uncle Al has been on this corner since Sean McDonough was calling Syracuse Chiefs games. Bettors can gamble on if Al Michaels will say “underdog” (Yes -1000, No +450), “odds” (Yes -1000, No +450), “pointspread” (Yes +360, No -500) or “Vegas” (+Yes 240, No -300) while calling the contest.
Michaels has described their attention to the odds involving football games as their rascal tendency. My money is on gambling references early and often from the booth.
President Trump
Say what you will about the 45th President of the United States, but they are nothing if not interesting. One week everyone's talking about Fake News awards the next it's about Stormy Daniels and whether President Trump really did order a pizza with tiny pizzas as the toppings.
You can bet on whether Trump will attend the Super Bowl (Yes +360, No -500), if he'll do a pregame interview with NBC (Yes +360, No -500) and on how many times they tweet during the game – the over/underline is set at 5.5.
Commercials
Peyton Manning retired from the NFL but they have graduated to company pitch man. They were in plenty of commercials during their playing days and they stuck the landing by giving an undercover promotion to Budweiser in their final game as a pro.
Oddsmakers have set the over/underline at 2.5 in the amount of TV commercials featuring Manning air during the telecast.
Postgame
The forced Gatorade bath for the winning head coach has become a Super Bowl staple. Sportsbooks have long posted odds on what color spills out at the end of the game. The options are:
Clear (water) +200
Green/Yellow +300
Red +500
Blue +500
Orange +750
No liquid thrown +1500
The Pats sudden-death victory in overtime last year meant no shower for Bill Belichick. Since 2000, water has been dumped seven times, orange five; yellow two, blue one and four finishes without a Gatorade bath.
Awwww Factor
Finally, multiple sportsbooks are allowing bettors to wager on the 14th annual Puppy Bowl on Animal Planet which pits Team Fluff (-115) against Team Ruff (-115). If you're not familiar, watch and learn.
Team Ruff has won two of the last three years but Team Fluff did win last year. That's the type of trends and handicapping expertise our readers expect from us.
Editor's note: This is piece was originally published on Covers.com, a sister site also owned by Tribune.
ARSENE Wenger has made a shock admission about Alexis Sanchez's move to Manchester United, while the Red Devils are also closing in on an 18-year-old wonderkid.
The January transfer window may be over but that won't stop the Rumour Mill !
WENGER HINTS AT MASSIVE SANCHEZ WAGE FIGURE
Arsene Wenger has confessed that they made a mistake not letting Alexis Sanchez join Manchester City in the summer while also hinting that the Chilean may be on a bigger contract than people think.
According to The Mirror , the Gunners boss stated that “if they had their time again” they would have allowed the winger to complete a move to the Etihad in August – instead Sanchez ended up moving to Manchester United in January.
Reports suggest the 29-year-old is earning around £600,000 ($1m) a week at Old Trafford, however Wenger's response in a recent Q & A session suggests that figure may actually be larger.
In a sit down with Arsenal's executive box holders, the Frenchman was quizzed on Sanchez's pay packet, and when asked about the £600,000 (AU$1m) figure, they pointed to the ceiling – indicating the real number may actually be higher.
UNITED IN ADVANCED TALKS WITH KLUIVERT
Manchester United are reportedly in advanced talks with Ajax winger Justin Kluivert , according to The Mirror .
The report suggest Mourinho, who has known the attacker since they were a child, has taken a special interest in their development and is ready to splash the cash to bring the son of a gun to Old Trafford.
Kluivert's father Patrick is a Dutch legend, scoring 40 times in 79 appearances for the Oranje, and plying their trade for Ajax, AC Milan and Barcelona as well as a brief Premier League stint with Newcastle United.
United are allegedly ready to agree a fee of around £10m (AU$17m) plus add-ons for Kluivert junior , with the player reportedly excited by the prospect of moving to England.
The 18-year-old has already made 29 first team appearances for Ajax, netting seven goals this season alone, and could move as soon as this summer.
Camera Icon Manchester United's Portuguese manager Jose Mourinho (L) speaks with Ajax Dutch forward Justin Kluivert Picture: AFP
WHY DZEKO SNUBBED CHELSEA
Roma striker Edin Dzeko has revealed why they snubbed a move to Chelsea in the January transfer window.
Dzeko cited their ‘unreal' life in Italy as the reason they ignored the Blues interest, although did admit that they saw their approach as a compliment.
“There was speculation, some untrue and even some ridiculous claims,” Dzeko told Bosnian website Klix .
“I really enjoyed the interest of Chelsea, a club I respect and appreciate. In the last few weeks, so many stories have been told about my departure from Rome, and I am still here today.”
Camera Icon AS Roma's Bosnian forward Edin Dzeko Picture: AFP
“Finally, I'm happy to stay in Rome, because it became my home and an incredible part of my life, life in an almost unreal way”
“I can never forget it, and for this city I am bound by some of the happiest moments in my life. I felt the joy of fatherhood for the first time here when my little girl Una was born, and my son Dani was born here too. Roma is part of my life now, and it always will be.”
Chelsea eventually signed Olivier Giroud instead.
HERNANDEZ ADMITS ASKING TO LEAVE WEST HAM
West Ham striker Javier Hernandez has admitted that they asked to leave the club in January.
The man known as ‘Chicharito' revealed that they considered offers from Premier League rivals as they attempted to engineer a move in search of regular game time ahead of the World Cup.
Yes, it was the case that I wanted to go,” Hernandez said.
“Not because I don't like West Ham, but because I need to have minutes on the pitch.”
“The World Cup is just around the corner and I want to play. But you can see that, even though my agent says I want to go, I have been doing everything I can in a West Ham shirt to help the team.”
Hernandez has reiterated their commitment to the Hammers, and scored as their team was beaten 3-1 by Brighton over the weekend.
On Sunday, the Indian Army released a video accusing the Chinese of hacking into WhatsApp, the popular social messaging app, to mine people's personal information.
In a video posted on Twitter, the Additional Directorate General of Public Interface (ADGPI), the army's official handle, wrote, "The Chinese use all kinds of platforms to penetrate your digital world. WhatsApp groups are a new way of hacking into your system. Chinese numbers starting with +86 barges into your groups and start extracting all the data." Calls originating from China begin with the code "86."
"Destroy the SIM card if you change your number and delete your WhatsApp on that number," the army said in the video, which was reposted by Indian Information and Broadcasting Minister Smriti Irani.
According to cybersecurity experts, hacking WhatsApp does not require extensive technical knowledge. Last year, the Indian Army ordered its soldiers along the Chinese border, also referred to as the Line of Actual Control, to delete 40 applications deemed to be vulnerable to Chinese hacking.
The army's warning comes just months after Chinese and Indian armed forces ended a military border standoff over China's construction of a road in Doklam, which is situated between Tibet's Chumbi Valley to the north, Bhutan's Ha Valley to the east and India's Sikkim state to the west. The territory is claimed by both China and India's ally Bhutan. Although India does not claim Doklam, it supports Bhutan's claim of the disputed area.
© AP Photo/ Mark Schiefelbein, File After US Warning, Australian Defense Department to Phase Out Chinese Smartphones
Earlier this month, the Australian military banned employees from using WeChat, another popular Chinese social media platform. Until officials complete a security assessment of the application, Australian military members will be forbidden from accessing it.
The Australian government also recently announced that they will no longer be using phones from Chinese phone manufacturers Huawei and ZTE, which have both been accused of allowing the Chinese government to conduct espionage though their products.
This month, the Australian Department of Defense announced that they have stopped using Huawei phones and are in the process of phasing out ZTEs. US intelligence chiefs in February warned that the makers of those phones were "beholden to foreign governments" and that US users of their products should beware hacking and spying attempts.
As the announcement was made on Thursday evening that their city had been chosen as the United Kingdom's next City of Culture - ahead of the other contenders, Paisley, Stoke-on-Trent, Sunderland and Swansea - the people of Coventry were understandably jubilant. We will now watch with interest as they plan their programme of events for 2021, with those who organised the bid hoping to “change the reputation of the city” and emulate the success of Hull, the current UK City of Culture, where it is estimated that the local economy has been boosted by tens of millions of pounds and attracted £1 billion of new investment. In the meantime, here are a few facts about the Midlands city.
Coventry is the ninth largest city in England, with a population of 320,000.
Famous sons and daughters include jet pioneer Sir Frank Whittle, poet Philip Larkin, pop impresario Pete Waterman, actor Nigel Hawthorne, actor Sarah Siddons, author Lee Child, athlete Dave Moorcroft.
Lady Godiva, wife of Leofric, Earl of Mercia, was a benefactor of several monasteries in the 11th century. The famous legend about them states that their husband agreed to remit the heavy taxation on the people of Coventry if they would ride naked through the town on a white horse.
In 1981 Highfield Road, then the home of Coventry City, became the first all-seater stadium in English football.
The phrase “sent to Coventry” originated during the English Civil War, when captured Royalists were imprisoned in the city - a Parliamentary stronghold.
In the 18th and 19th centuries, Coventry became one of the three main centres of watch and clock manufacture in England.
Life in the city and the surrounding countryside provided the inspiration for George Eliot's “Middlemarch” (1871). The author (real name Mary Ann Evans) lived and went to school in Coventry.
In the Middle Ages, cloth coloured by a dye known as “Coventry blue” became fashionable. This is where the saying “true blue” comes from.
Chuck Berry's chart-topping record “My Ding-a-Ling” was recorded live at the Locarno ballroom in Coventry on 3rd February 1972.
The air raid on Coventry on the night of 14th November 1940 lasted for 11 hours and involved 500 Luftwaffe bombers dropping 500 tons of high explosive, 30,000 incendiaries and 50 landmines. Coventry lost its great medieval church of St. Michael's, the only English cathedral to be destroyed in the Second World War, its central library and market hall, hundreds of shops and public buildings and 16th-century Palace Yard. More than 43,000 homes, half of the city's houses, were damaged or destroyed, and the official death toll was 554. The ruined cathedral has now become a symbol of peace and reconciliation.
In the late 19th century, with the invention by James Starley and their nephew John Kemp Starley of the Rover safety bicycle, Coventry became an important centre of bicycle manufacture. By the early 20th century, bicycle manufacture had evolved into motor manufacture, and Coventry became a major centre of the British motor industry.
The “Coventry Carol” dates from the 16th century and was traditionally performed in the city as part of a mystery play.
Photograph: Coventry Canal Basin. Paul Woloschuk
Fans broke records at Saturday night's Jackie Robinson Day celebration at MGM Park, with 4,066 people in attendance at the game. (Photo Source: WLOX)
More baseball fans are heading to Shuckers games this year in Biloxi.
Team officials say attendance at MGM Park for the opening series was up 21 percent over last year's opening series, with 2,500 more fans attending games at the start of the Shuckers third season. Those numbers include a record-breaking number of 4,006 fans in attendance on Saturday for the Jackie Robinson Day celebration.
ESPN helped boost the Shuckers into the national spotlight when it named a play as SportsCenter's top play of the night. A clip of center fielder Johnny Davis leaping to grab the ball, robbing the Pensacola Blue Wahoos of a home run, received 767,000 views on SportsCenter's Instagram page.
The Shuckers are playing the next five games in Chattanooga before returning home April 22. The opening night of the series includes a benefit jersey auction. Ocean Springs tattoo artist Matt Stebly designed a jersey that will be up for auction. Proceeds will benefit March of Dimes.
Fans attending this year can enjoy new weekly promotions at the park, including All-You-Can-Eat Wednesday and Thirsty Thursday. Tickets are available online, at any TicketMaster location, or at the MGM Park Box Office.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Astros win on road again with 5-3 victory at rival Rangers
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Brandon Wade, AP Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Houston Astros starting pitcher Dallas Keuchel (60) throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Houston Astros starting pitcher Dallas Keuchel (60) throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Photo: Brandon Wade, AP Image 2 of 10 Texas Rangers starting pitcher Austin Bibens-Dirkx throws during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Houston Astros, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Texas Rangers starting pitcher Austin Bibens-Dirkx throws during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Houston Astros, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Photo: Brandon Wade, AP Image 3 of 10 Houston Astros' Josh Reddick makes contact for an RBI double during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Houston Astros' Josh Reddick makes contact for an RBI double during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Photo: Brandon Wade, AP Image 4 of 10 Texas Rangers right fielder Nomar Mazara (30) catches a fly-out hit by Houston Astros' Yuli Gurriel (10) during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Texas Rangers right fielder Nomar Mazara (30) catches a fly-out hit by Houston Astros' Yuli Gurriel (10) during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Photo: Brandon Wade, AP Image 5 of 10 Image 6 of 10 Houston Astros right fielder Josh Reddick (22) catches a fly-out hit by Texas Rangers' Elvis Andrus (1) during the third inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Houston Astros right fielder Josh Reddick (22) catches a fly-out hit by Texas Rangers' Elvis Andrus (1) during the third inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Photo: Brandon Wade, AP Image 7 of 10 Texas Rangers trainer Kevin Harmon, left, escorts relief pitcher Tony Barnette (43) as they leaf after suffering an injury during the eighth inning of the team's baseball game against the Houston Astros, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Houston won 5-3. less Texas Rangers trainer Kevin Harmon, left, escorts relief pitcher Tony Barnette (43) as they leaf after suffering an injury during the eighth inning of the team's baseball game against the Houston Astros, ... more Photo: Brandon Wade, AP Image 8 of 10 Texas Rangers starting pitcher Austin Bibens-Dirkx (56) watches as first baseman Ronald Guzman (67) catches a pop fly by Houston Astros' George Springer during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Houston won 5-3. less Texas Rangers starting pitcher Austin Bibens-Dirkx (56) watches as first baseman Ronald Guzman (67) catches a pop fly by Houston Astros' George Springer during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July ... more Photo: Brandon Wade, AP Image 9 of 10 Texas Rangers relief pitcher Alex Claudio (58) tags out Houston Astros' Tony Kemp (18) in a run down during the eighth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Houston won 5-3. Texas Rangers relief pitcher Alex Claudio (58) tags out Houston Astros' Tony Kemp (18) in a run down during the eighth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas. Houston won 5-3. Photo: Brandon Wade, AP Image 10 of 10 Astros win on road again with 5-3 victory at rival Rangers 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Dallas Keuchel had a different catcher before throwing their first pitch for the Houston Astros on Tuesday night.
Everything worked out just fine with Tim Federowicz behind the plate with the former AL Cy Young Award winner throwing some of their best breaking pitches all season.
Keuchel struck out seven and allowed only two runs over seven scoreless innings, winning for only the second time in their last nine starts, as the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 5-3.
"Some of the shape it was taking early was really good. (Shin-Soo) Choo leading off the game, anytime you get them to swing and miss at a breaking pitch, it's acting pretty good, and then (Nomar) Mazara struck out looking with a slider away," Keuchel said. "Both of those balls had good action and I knew from the then on if I could establish the fastball in to the lefties, it would be a good day."
Josh Reddick and Tony Kemp homered for the Astros, who are 11-4 this season against their instate division rival, with seven consecutive road wins in the series. Houston is a majors-best 31-14 on the road this season.
Keuchel (5-8) struck out the first four batters they faced, and six of the first seven.
After catcher Brian McCann went on the disabled list and had arthroscopic surgery on their right knee earlier Tuesday, manager A.J. Hinch said Max Stassi would do the bulk of the catching. But Stassi got hit by a pitch batting in the first, and left the game with a bruised right (throwing) wrist before even taking the field on defense.
"I think we avoided a fracture, very good for us," manager A.J. Hinch said. "Got them pretty good in the wrist. Got a welt there, couldn't flex their hand, hand so mobility."
X-rays were negative and Stassi is considered day to day.
Keuchel had only thrown a few bullpens with Federowicz in spring training, and a live BP session, before the catcher was called back from Triple-A Fresno earlier Tuesday.
"The way they handled the game not expecting to play, that was really impressive," Keuchel said.
Choo later walked twice and had two singles to extend their career-best on-base streak to 43 games, the longest in the majors since Atlanta's Freddie Freeman's 46-gamer two years ago. Choo is three games shy of Julio Franco's team record of 46 in a row set 25 years ago.
The Astros used three relievers to get through the eighth. Texas already had a run in before Hector Rondon took over against pinch-hitter Joey Gallo, who worked a 12-pitch at-bat into a two-out walk to load the bases before Robinson Chirinos struck out. Rondon then worked the ninth for their sixth save in eight chances.
Houston went ahead to stay in the first when Yuli Gurriel and Reddick had RBI doubles off Austin Bibens-Dirkx (1-2), who still managed to get through six innings. They struck out four, walked two and hit two batters.
"To get through six in that situation was huge for us," manager Jeff Banister said. "Early on it didn't look that it was going to be the case, a situation where really didn't have a whole lot of sink on the fastball. ... For us to still have an opportunity there through those innings, it was big-time by him."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Astros: SS Carlos Correa, out since June 26 with lower back soreness, has been working out daily in Houston. Hinch said it was uncertain if Correa will be ready to play Friday when eligible to come off the DL. They hadn't gone through any baseball activities yet.
Rangers: RHP Tony Barnette left the game after a 2-1 pitch to Marwin Gonzalez in the eighth. The Rangers said they had a right shoulder strain and would be evaluated further Wednesday. ... 1B Ronald Guzman had two hits and scored twice after being activated from the seven-day concussion DL.
SHORT HOPS
The Astros have homered in 23 consecutive road games, a club record and four from matching the MLB record set by Oakland earlier this season. ... Before Bibens-Dirkx plunked Stassi in the first inning, Rangers pitchers had gone 22 games without hitting a batter — the longest span for the team since 1998.
DOUBLE UP
Astros leadoff hitter George Springer was in a 3-for-46 slide before a single in the sixth. But they were also doubled off twice on hard lineouts.
UP NEXT
Gerrit Cole (9-2) will pitch on regular rest for the Astros after they made a slight tweak in their rotation. Lance McCullers Jr., who was scheduled to start, was instead pushed back to Friday. Rangers lefty Mike Minor (6-4) took a perfect game into the seventh inning of their last start, a win last Wednesday over the San Diego Padres.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Former President George H. W. Bush was hospitalized Sunday morning, just one day after their wife Barbara Bush was laid to rest.
Their spokesperson Jim McGrath said in a statement obtained by PEOPLE on Monday that Bush, 93, “was admitted to the Houston Methodist Hospital yesterday morning after contracting an infection that spread to their blood.”
“He is responding to treatments and appears to be recovering. We will issue additional updated as events warrant.”
The former president's longtime chief of staff, Jean Becker, said the politician was “broken-hearted” over the loss of their wife of 73 years.
“So many of you are asking, ‘How is 41?' He, of course, is broken-hearted to lose their beloved Barbara, their wife of 73 years,” Becker wrote in a statement. “He held their hand all day today and was at their side when [she] left this good earth.”
The statement continued, “Obviously, this is a very challenging time. But it will not surprise all of you who know and love him, that they also are being stoic and strong, and is being lifted up by their large and supportive family.  They are determined to be there for them as well. They appreciate all the well wishes and support.”
But behind their tough demeanor, mourning Barbara could behind George's increased health issues. It's called takotsubo cardiomyopathy – “broken heart syndrome.”
George H.W. Bush and wife Barbara Bush Michael Loccisano/Getty
“Broken heart syndrome is absolutely a real syndrome, a true medical condition,” David Kessler, a grief expert and founder of Grief.com, tells PEOPLE. “Grief is a reflection of the love. And the loss of a love so deep can actually be heartbreaking.”
Kessler says they see this situation often with couples who have been married for such a long time.
“If two hearts have beaten in rhythm for 73 years, it's not surprising that when Barbara leaves, that George considers following,” they explain. They have a love story that not even a little death can stop.”
RELATED VIDEO: George H.W. Bush Held Their Dying Wife's Hand All Day Before They Passed Away: ‘He Is Broken-Hearted'
The author shares that Barbara's funeral could have been exhausting and overwhelming for George.
“My guess is those few days, saying goodbye to them and connecting with so many people took such a toll on their body,” the author says. “He was running on empty. They were the one who filled them up. They must be missing them terribly.”
Kessler adds, “Till death do us part is often not true with broken heart syndrome, the love and the longing continues. Sometimes the other spouse follows days, weeks and months later.”
George H.W. Bush and Barbara Bush Mark Cornelison/Lexington Herald-Leader/MCT/Getty
Dr. Harmony Reynolds, a cardiologist at NYU Langone Medical Center, previously talked to PEOPLE about the condition after Debbie Reynolds died one day after their daughter Carrie Fisher.
Broken heart syndrome acts very much like a heart attack with symptoms such as chest pains, abnormal EKGs and the heart muscle not working properly. Dr. Reynolds explained that although some cases are fatal, patients who survive the initial event usually make a full recovery.
The cardiologist said that researchers believe stress is a significant factor because the attack often takes place in close association with severe stresses such as the loss of a loved one.
“We think it may have something to do with an extreme adrenaline rush, and our research at NYU has focused on how the body can rein in an adrenaline surge,” they say. “We wonder if people who have this problem could have a difficulty reining in an adrenaline surge on a physical level.”
George H.W. Bush and Barbara Bush Greg Smith/CORBIS/Corbis via Getty
The socks worn by the 41st President of the United States of America at today's funeral for former First Lady Barbara Bush. pic.twitter.com/12libHt1Jv — Jim McGrath (@jgm41) April 21, 2018
Barbara was laid to rest at the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library at Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas, on Saturday.
Bush family spokesperson Jim McGrath shared a photo of their husband's socks, which featured books to honor Barbara's work as an advocate for literacy.
PORT ORCHARD, Wash. (AP) — A woman says they were kidnapped in their own house and assaulted for two days by a man who police have arrested.
The Kitsap Sun reports that Bremerton resident John Charles Troiano Jr. was charged on Monday with first-degree kidnapping.
Kitsap County Sheriff's deputies began searching for the woman after a family member told officers they had sent alarming text messages.
The woman says Troiano kept them at their house against them will. They say they were afraid they would kill them if they called police.
Deputies convinced Troiano to meet them on Friday, at which point the woman was with them and reported the assaults and threats. Troiano was then arrested.
Troiano told police they didn't do it. It's unclear if they have an attorney.
THOUSANDS of people have signed a petition calling for answers from Victoria Police over the death of stripper Stacey Tierney.
UK-born Ms Tierney was found dead in Dreams Gentlemen's Club in Melbourne CBD on December 19, 2016.
EXOTIC DANCER FOUND DEAD IN MELBOURNE CBD STRIP CLUB
STACEY TIERNEY DEATH PROBE TO FOCUS ON CLUB'S OUT-OF-HOURS ACTIVITIES
STATE CORONER PROBE INTO EXOTIC DANCER STACEY TIERNEY'S DEATH
It is suspected Ms Tierney, 29, consumed drugs in a restricted area, and that in a cover-up attempt the area was cleared of illicit substances.
A Victoria Police investigation is ongoing, but the UK Coroner now has primacy of the inquest.
Camera Icon Dreams Gentlemen's Club in Melbourne's CBD. Picture: AAP
An online petition, titled “Demand answers from Victoria Police: What happened to Dreams dancer Stacey Tierney?”, had yesterday been signed by 5099 people.
“She had been partying with several men after hours at Dreams Gentlemen's Club where their body was left for 12+ hours,” the author of the petition stated.
“A detective is overseeing the investigation but it has not been treated as a murder as it's suspected they died of a drug overdose, however, no confirmation of this has been made.”
Those close to Ms Tierney fear nobody will ever be held to account for their death.
One friend, who asked not to be named, told the Sunday Herald Sun : “I pray for justice for them but I'm sure nobody will ever know the truth.”
Camera Icon Those close to Stacey Tierney fear nobody will be held to account for their death. Picture: Supplied
In March last year police arrested a man as part of their investigation into the death. The 33-year-old Ascot Vale man was detained and questioned on suspicion of perjury.
The man was released without charge.
In Victoria, perjury carries a maximum penalty of 15 years' jail.
Police have interviewed a number of people including club managers, colleagues, and customers who spent time at Dreams, or with Ms Tierney.
It is unclear whether CCTV footage from inside the venue, on the corner of Elizabeth and Flinders streets, has been of assistance.
The online petition goes on to state: “How did they die? Who left their body there? What is the duty of care for an individual to call an ambulance? Why have there been no charges? Who let them into the club after hours? Why was Dreams Gentleman's Club ­allowed to remain open?”
The police investigation has been led by detectives from Melbourne Crime Investigation Unit.
A Victoria Police spokesperson said: “The investigation remains ongoing. The UK Coroner has primacy in relation to an inquest.”
Do you know more? Contact the reporter: david.hurley@news.com.au
@davidhurleyHS
Indian shares end lower; financials hit by profit-taking
June 15 Indian shares fell on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Europe is expecting a decision from Trump during the day Thursday, French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said.
They pledged that the European response would be "united and firm."
If the U.S. goes ahead with its tariffs, the EU has threatened to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. orange juice, peanut butter and other goods in return.
EU trade commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom tweeted that "the EU wants to be fully excluded from these tariffs and rather engage in a positive transatlantic trade agenda."
Besides the U.S. steel and aluminum tariffs, the Trump administration is also investigating possible limits on foreign cars in the name of U.S. national security.
After meeting with Ross, German economy minister Peter Altmaier told reporters that they don't expect a decision soon on foreign cars.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," they said. They noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But Germany's Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," they said.
Ross and Lighthizer seem like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
The OECD also said persistent high oil prices could push up inflation and push down household incomes. After a first-quarter slowdown, the agency slightly revised down its forecast for world growth this year to 3.8 per cent, with 3.9 per cent expected next year.
Several people were rescued from Gulf Steam Park Beach on Sunday afternoon as rip currents caused dangerous conditions for swimmers.
Scroll for more content...
Lifeguards at the beach told WPTV 15 people were on the sandbar when a rip current came through, causing many to get swept out in the ocean.
Several agencies in the area responded to the beach a little after 2 p.m.
Lifeguards and first responders rescued five children from the water.
One woman watched the scene unfold on the beach. They say other beachgoers started to join in on the rescue efforts once they realized children were out struggling in the water.
"I've never seen it so bad so many people having to jump in and so many people almost drowning at the same time," Elizabeth Boynton said. "I'm born and raised here so I'm a little shocked about the whole thing."
All five children were taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Players Edge volleyball camp information
BOONVILLE — Catawba College volleyball coach, Ginger Hamric, will be hosting Players Edge Volleyball camp at Richmond Hill Baptist Church. The camp will run from June 4-7 from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. The camp is for fourth grade and older. Registration will take place at 8:30 a.m. on June 4. The cost of the camp is a donation to the Richmond Hill Baptist Church Building Fund.
The camp will feature current and future Catawba College volleyball player, 12 hours of instruction, skills, team play and a triples tournament. A camp store will be available with items to purchase. Attendees are asked to bring their own lunch, a donation and a smile.
For more information, contact Ginger Hamric at 704-433-2342.
Future Falcon baseball camp scheduled
EAST BEND — Forbush baseball will host the Future Falcon baseball camp from June 4-6. The camp will run from 9 a.m. to noon. Boys in kindergarten through sixth grade are invited to attend. The cost is $25 per day, or $60 for three days. The camp will take place on the Forbush High School baseball field. Camp instructors are the high school coaching staff and players.
Campers are taught the fundamentals of baseball, which includes; base running, hitting, catching and throwing. Advanced registration is not required, as registration will be open from 8:30 to 9 a.m. every day.
For more information, contact Jack Moss at jack.moss@yadkin.k12.nc.us.
East Wilkes basketball camp to take place
RONDA — East Wilkes will be hosting a girls youth basketball camp from June 4-7. The camp will run from 6 to 8 p.m. The camp is for rising third-graders through ninth-graders.
The cost is $40 and a camp shirt is included. The purpose of this camp is to improve basketball skills in a fun environment. Attendees are asked to bring basketball shoes, gym shorts, t-shirts and a great attitude.
For any further information, contact Coach Campbell at campbellm@wilkes.k12.nc.us.
East Wilkes soccer camp scheduled
RONDA — East Wilkes will host a youth soccer camp for fourth- through ninth-grade students. The camp will take place June 14-16. The camp will run from 8:30 to 11:30 a.m. The cost is $40 , and the camp will be run by Andrew Millaway and Rodney Wagoner along with their staff.
The purpose of this camp is to improve soccer skills in a fun environment. Attendees are asked to bring cleats, shin guards, t-shirt and shorts. For more information contact East Wilkes High School.
East Wilkes to hold tennis clinics
RONDA — Coach Aaron Simmons, along with their staff and current and former East Wilkes players, will be holding tennis clinics for rising kindergarten through ninth-grade students each Tuesday and Thursday beginning June 19 and continuing through July 26.
Clinics for rising kindergarten students through rising third-graders will be from 9 to 10 a.m. on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Clinics for rising fourth-graders through rising ninth-graders will be from 10 to 11 a.m. on Tuesdays and Thursdays. There will be no clinic the week of July 4 (July 3 and 5).
Each clinic will be held at the tennis courts at East Wilkes High School. The cost of each clinic is $5 and no advanced registration is needed.
Contact Aaron Simmons at 336-927-7391 for any questions.
To submit a sports brief, email Kristian Russell at krussell@elkintribune.com. Include information on the camp/clinic, date, location time and contact information.
Valerie Peister, director of programming, left, maestro Frank Fetta, and Courtney Camp, right, review applications for the Young Artists competition April 4. Five winners in the final round of competition will compete in the Grand Finals with the Redlands Orchestra on July 11 during the Redlands Bowl Summer Music Festival. Photo by Frank Perez
REDLANDS >> Musicians vying for one of five spots in the grand finals of the Redlands Bowl Young Artists Concerto Competition will perform this weekend at the University of Redlands.
Applicants chosen to move on to the semifinal round will take the stage 7 p.m. Sunday in the university's Loewe Auditorium, 1200 E. Colton Ave. The performance is open to the public and seating is first-come, first-served.
Semifinalists selected to advance from the preliminary round held earlier that afternoon will “perform their ‘best five minutes' in front of a panel of judges,” said Courtney Camp, marketing and communications coordinator. From there, judges will pick the final five who will take the Redlands Bowl stage in the Grand Finals on July 11, they said.
Competition changes
The Young Artists competition has put a spotlight on talented musicians and singers for 66 years, but this year's competition will change things up a bit.
In addition to earning scholarships, event finalists will perform their concerto pieces in front of a live orchestra at the Bowl for the first time.
“The vision for this new format is to elevate the competition,” said Valerie Peister, the Bowl's director of programming and community engagement.
Asking artists to select a concerto piece allowed applicants to select from additional pools of works. A concerto piece is typically composed of three parts or movements in which a solo instrument is accompanied by an orchestra or concert band. Prior to the change, musicians and vocalists would perform on the Bowl stage with just their instrument and a piano.
“By having the requirement of a concerto piece or vocal song requires a higher level of training,” Peister said.
The change, said Beverly Noerr, executive director of the Bowl, “aligns us with the finest young artists competitions across the country. It's elevated the program completely in the sense that the fine artists applying to various competitions around the country now see this one as a real contender for their time.”
Applicants and prizes
The Bowl received about 50 applicants from California and out of state, Peister said.
Maestro Frank Fetta will conduct the July 11 concert, which is the first concert of the Bowl's 2017 Summer Music Festival. Angel Joy Blue, a past Young Artists competition winner, also will perform.
Scholarships sponsored by the Associates of the Redlands Bowl will be announced during the upcoming concert. The finalists could win up to $2,000 for placing first. Second prize is $1,500, while third prize is a $1,000 scholarship. The Bowl also will present two honorable mention scholarships at $500 apiece.
Advertisement
There is no cost to attend Sunday's concert or the final round of the Young Artists competition.
To learn more, go to www.redlandsbowl.org or call 909-793-7316.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Intersections Inc:
* INTERSECTIONS INC SAYS EFFECTIVE JAN 29, JOHAN J. ROETS CEASED SERVING AS CEO OF CO - SEC FILING
* INTERSECTIONS SAYS‍ EFFECTIVE JAN 29, 2018 CO'S BOARD HAS APPOINTED MICHAEL STANFIELD AS CO'S EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN & PRESIDENT​ Source text (bit.ly/2BRSQVq) Further company coverage:
Iranian media reported on Friday that police in Tehran have arrested 29 women for appearing in public without wearing a hijab, the Muslim headscarf that is mandatory for women under Iranian law.
Some of the women in question were deliberately defying the hijab law to protest its injustice, as in the case of one detainee who reportedly waved their headscarf around on the end of a stick in a street protest. Another woman named Shima Babaei took off their hijab in front of a court to make their dedication to the protest clear:
Them name is Shima Babaei who joined #WhiteWednesdays campaign protesting compulsory hijab. they were arrested yesterday. They were the one toke off their hijab in front of the court to say #NoForcedHijab#FreeShimaBabaeei
##FreeHijabProtesters #معترضان_حجاب_اجبارى_را_آزاد_كنيد pic.twitter.com/35OCqzkD9Z — masih alinejad (@AlinejadMasih) February 2, 2018
Supporters of the movement have created #FreeShimaBabaeei and #FreeHijabProtester hashtags on Twitter to monitor the cases. The movement has been dubbed #WhiteWednesdays and has its own hashtag, as well as a social media presence under its formal name, My Stealthy Freedom.
“For almost four decades, we, the women of Iran, have been unhappy about compulsory hijab, and we had the fear inside our hearts. But now … I think the government of Iran, they have the fear of these brave women,” founder Masih Alinejad told CBC Radio on Wednesday.
Alinejad, who grew up in Iran but now lives in “self-imposed exile” in New York, said they established the Stealthy Freedom Facebook page so Iranian women could post photos of themselves defying the hijab law.
The BBC reports their page now hosts over 200 videos, some of which have accumulated over half a million views. Alinejad said contributors have told them they would rather risk their jobs, and even their safety, than continue living under the oppression of the hijab law. They also noted that they have received contributions from other Muslim countries, such as Saudi Arabia, and even from women living in the West.
“Even if this leads me to jail and sleeping with cockroaches, it would be worth it to help the next generation,” one White Wednesdays participant declared.
The BBC notes that Alinejad themselves has been labeled a “prostitute” and threatened with death by Iranian media, which explains why they prefer to live in New York.
CBC Radio quoted University of Toronto women's studies professor Shahrzad Mojab, who observed that older Iranian women have lived long enough to be both forced to wear the hijab by Ayatollah Khomenei's Islamist revolution, and forbidden from wearing it under the Shah. Alinejad said they simply want Iranian women to have a choice about whether they wear one or not. Some of the demonstrators wear Islamic garb themselves while waving hijabs on the end of sticks, declaring they love the hijab themselves but want other women to be allowed to choose.
“When the regime calls itself an Islamic regime, women become the political-cultural symbol of that regime, and therefore monitoring, managing, punishing, disciplining a woman's body and their sexuality becomes a very important political policy,” Mojab said.
Alinejad added that mandatory headscarf laws are also insulting to men, as they presume men are incapable of controlling their sexual urges when they see uncovered women. Europe has lately been discovering that assimilating men who have been taught to think that way since childhood into Western society can be very difficult.
The Iranian regime, of course, is floating conspiracy theories that the anti-hijab movement is the work of foreign agitators seeking to undermine the Islamic Republic. The authorities have also claimed that women were “deceived” into removing their hijabs.
Alinejad noted that some of the women arrested in the crackdown have been slapped with penalties and bail amounts far in excess of what Iranian law allows.
The UK Daily Mail notes that despite claims by “moderate” President Hassan Rouhani that the police have better things to do than enforcing the hijab law, thousands of undercover “morality police” remain active, filing tens of thousands of “bad hijab” reports. A common report involves women allowing their headscarves to drop while riding in cars, an offense that can result in the car being impounded.
Further promises to relax the hijab law were made by the Iranian government as it struggled to control the December uprising, but the new crackdown suggests the regime now feels secure enough to disregard those promises.
Women protesting the hijab are sometimes referred to in Iran as “girls of Enghelab Street,” which is a reference to the original hero of the movement, Vida Movahed.
Movahed, the 31-year-old mother of a 20-month-old daughter, became a global sensation in December when they defiantly removed their hijab and tied it to a stick during widespread protests against both the secular and religious halves of the Iranian government. They and their daughter were both imprisoned by the thuggish regime and held incommunicado without proper charges, prompting the creation of a #WhereIsShe social media movement demanding their freedom. According to a human rights lawyer who took up their case, they were finally released from detention last weekend.
“I hope they don't fabricate a legal case to harm them for using their basic rights. They have not done anything wrong to deserve prosecution. Hands off their please,” lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh said.
FILE PHOTO: Brazilian Real and U.S. dollar notes are pictured at a currency exchange office in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in this September 10, 2015 photo illustration. REUTERS/Ricardo Moraes/File Photo
BRASILIA Brazil's currency will become more volatile in coming months as investors fear lawmakers could block key austerity measures ahead of next year's general elections, strategists said in a Reuters poll.
The Brazilian real is forecast at 3.25 per U.S. dollar in a year from now, 3 percent weaker than Tuesday's close but stronger than a forecast of 3.295 per dollar in an April poll, according to the median of 18 estimates in the survey.
Strategists also upgraded their outlook for other major Latin American currencies, with the Mexican peso forecast to trade at 19.20 per U.S. dollar a year from now and the Colombian peso projected at 2,971.0.
The Brazilian real has gained 10 percent since President Michel Temer took office nearly a year ago on hopes they would be able to get their allies in congress to approve a series of landmark economic reforms and help pull the economy out of a deep, two-year-long recession.
However, if they fail to win approval for an overhaul of Brazil's social security reform, the real could weaken to 3.65 per dollar this year, according to the median of eight alternative estimates that ranged between 3.30 and 4.00.
Uncertainty over the pension reform vote, Temer's no.1 priority, has grown as traders and investors watch the administration struggle to muster the 308 votes needed to pass the bill in the Lower House.
"Volatility will be the rule over the next months," said Jankiel Santos, chief Brazil economist at investment bank Haitong, in São Paulo. "There's no way we can try to anticipate political events such as this one."
Economists and investors see pension reform as the only way for Brazil to shore up its finances in the long run without resorting to massive tax hikes.
However, 71 percent of Brazilians oppose it as most would have to work longer to reach a minimum retirement age of 63 to 65 years and could earn less, according to a national Datafolha survey on Monday. [nL1N1I30L4]
Legislators, dozens of whom are under investigation for corruption, will face a tough campaign for re-election next year. Temer already watered down their original pension reform proposal to roughly three-quarters of the initial plan and faces at least a couple of months of further negotiations until a final vote.
In the meantime, the Brazilian real and other Latin American currencies could get an extra boost from the unusually benign global outlook for emerging-market currencies.
Commodities prices have risen as the global economy picks up steam, and interest rates in the United States are still set to rise only slowly from their historically low levels.
"The Brazilian economy is well-positioned considering the solid fundamentals of our external accounts," wrote Carlos Pedroso and Mauricio Nakahodo, economists with Banco de Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Brasil, in a note.
Brazil's trade surplus rose in April as commodities prices rose, the trade ministry said on Tuesday, forecasting a record surplus of over $55 billion for 2017. [nL1N1I41BT]
(For other stories from the FX poll: [nL4N1I43NJ])
(Editing by Ross Finley and Chizu Nomiyama)
A few teams have distinguished themselves as contenders in their respective regions following week 8 of the high school football season. In Region 4-6A the Gulfport Admirals (4-3, 3-0) grabbed sole possession atop the standings with a 26-7 win over Hancock (5-2, 2-1). Admirals quarterback T.Q. Newsome scored two rushing touchdowns in the first half and tossed a touchdown pass to tight end Dimitriades for a 19-0 first half lead.
Ocean Springs (3-4, 1-2) handed Biloxi (2-6, 2-1) its first region setback Friday night 26-21. The Greyhounds came up with a couple of interceptions to help secure the win.
Harrison Central (3-4, 2-1) is back in contention in the Region 4-6A ranks. The Red Rebels defeated St. Martin (3-4, 0-3) 23-13.
D'Iberville (3-4, 2-1) remains in the hunt for the region title after rolling past Pascagoula (2-5, 0-3) 42-13. Running back Ja'Quavis Foster had two rushing touchdowns in the first half that helped propel the Warriors to a 27-7 halftime lead. The Warriors defense had a big night. On a Pascagoula high snap to the quarterback, the ball bounced high into the air as players converged on it and Thomas King gabbed the ball out of the air and raced 17 yards for a touchdown.
Picayune (6-1, 3-0) and Hattiesburg (7-0, 3-0) share the top spot in the Region 4-5A ranks. The Maroon Tide held off Stone (3-3, 1-2) 42-35 in Perkinston Friday night. Running back Shaun Anderson had a big night for the Maroon Tide. They rushed over 400 yards and scored 5 touchdowns. Hattiesburg defeated Pearl River Central (0-7, 0-3) 56-6.
Wayne County (5-3, 2-1) and Long Beach (5-2, 2-1) were involved in a thrilling Region 4-5A showdown. The game went into overtime and the War Eagles beat the Bearcats 48-42. Bearcats sophomore quarterback Cade Crosby scored the games first touchdown on a five yard keeper. Long Beach was in position to grab a 14-0 lead, but Crosby's pass was intercepted in the end zone by Demetrius Harris of Wayne County. War Eagles quarterback Joshua Page displayed their athletic talents when they took off on an incredible 75 yard touchdown runs that tied the game 7-7. It was back and forth all night as Wayne County scored late to force overtime and eventually posted the win.
In one other Region 4-5A games, Gautier (2-5, 1-2) beat West Harrison (1-6, 0-3) 26-21.
East Central (6-0, 2-0) dominated Pass Christian (3-4, 1-1) 48-0 in a Region 8-4A clash in the Pass. Running back Tony Brown scored two first half touchdowns to give the undefeated Hornets momentum. They added another touchdown in the second half and ended the night with 124 yards rushing. Fellow Hornets running back Ryan Evans also had a first half touchdown as East Central rushing attack has been rock solid all-season long. Evans added a second rushing TD in the second half and closed out with 121 yards rushing.
St. Stanislaus (4-3, 2-0) kept pace with East Central and share the top spot in the Region 8-4A standings. The Rockachaws took home the Battle for the Crabtrap again in convincing fashion over Bay High (0-7, 0-2) by the score of 30-0.
Moss Point (2-6, 1-1) got under the Region 4-5A win column with a 14-0 decision over Vancleave (1-6, 0-2).
Poplarville (7-0, 2-0) took care of business by beating Forrest County AHS 31-0. Senior running back Austin Bolton had the Hornets bolting out to a 7-0 lead in the first quarter. They exploded for a 51-yard touchdown. The Hornets also had success in the passing game. Antonio Barnes connect with Canaan Ray for an 18-yard third quarter touchdown pass.
Resurrection jumped back into contention in the Region 4-1A ranks Friday night at War Memorial Stadium in Pascagoula. The Eagles (3-5, 2-1) blanked Salem 48-0.
Richton beat St. Patrick (2-5, 0-2) 34-28 in a Region 8-2A Friday Night Football Showdown.
You can watch highlights from the 7 games that were featured on the Friday Night Football Showdown by logging on to WLOX.com.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
H.S. Crocker,Crocker,packaging,portion pack,foil,pressure sensitive foil,film, Source: H. S. Crocker Co., Inc.
At our Huntley, Ill., plant we are focused on providing printed packaging solutions that meet customer requirements for specialty printed pieces. Utilizing wide web RotoLex presses capable of up to 8 color printing, we pride ourselves on having manufacturing flexibility tailored to provide Quality and Service superior to all.
From portion pack lidding to paper and pressure sensitive labels, H.S. Crocker has all the answers to all of your printed packaging needs.
Specialty printing on various substrates such as Foil, Films and paper, converted into the contour of your strict requirements
A man and woman, who state police believe were high on bath salts, fired shots into the sky to chase away "alien lasers" in Clinton County.
Scroll for more content...
Troopers say just after midnight on Saturday, Jesse Shields fired a handgun at the "lasers."
The lasers, as it turns out, were actually fireflies.
Shields and Katherine McCloskey, fearing they were being chased, ran to a nearby home.
Someone inside called 911.
The duo then ran to a neighboring home where the homeowner got the gun from them.
Shields asked that homeowner if they could take a shower to, quote, "get the goo off them that was burning their skin."
Troopers showed up and arrested Shields and McCloskey.
The pair from Mill Hall are locked up in Clinton County.
DUBLIN Ireland has increased its forecasts for economic growth to 4.3 percent this year and 3.7 percent next year but even that may prove too pessimistic after a muted initial impact from Brexit, Finance Minister Michael Noonan said on Monday.
Ireland's economy was the best performing in the European Union for the third year in a row last year after gross domestic product grew by over 5 percent, beating forecasts that were trimmed back following neighbouring Britain's vote leave the European Union.
In its previous update in October, Noonan's department cut its forecasts for growth for the following two years by around half a percentage point to 3.5 percent in 2017 and 3.4 percent in 2018 -- citing risks from Brexit.
"We now have two quarters of hard data since the Brexit referendum. They show that the immediate impact from Brexit has been more muted than initially anticipated. This is consistent with the trends emerging in the UK, US and euro area economies," Noonan said in a speech.
"Even the figures I announced today I would regard as conservative."
The relevance of using GDP to measure the true health of Ireland's open economy was called into question last year when growth for 2015 was revised up to 26 percent after a massive revision to the stock of multinational firms' capital assets.
However, almost every other piece of data points to an economy continuing to surge ahead.
The finance department said last week that updated forecasts due in the coming days would reflect increased uncertainties led by Brexit in later years. It has previously said a Brexit that left trade with the bloc governed by World Trade Organisation rules could knock 3.5 percent off Irish GDP within a decade.
Noonan said on Monday that it was "fair to say the balance of risks is tilted towards the downside at this juncture".
They also said the amount of budgetary space the government has to increase spending and cut taxes next year is "very very tight at present" but they hoped it may loosen a little as the year goes by.
(Writing by Padraic Halpin; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
New data from analysts, Juniper Research, estimates that the number of original equipment manufacturer or OEM-Pay contactless users, including Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, and Android Pay, will exceed 100 million for the first time during the first half of 2017. It is then forecast to surpass 150 million by the end of this year.
According to the new research – Contactless Payments: NFC Handsets, Wearables & Payment Cards 2017-2021 – the combined market share of Apple, Samsung, and Google (via Android Pay), increased from 20% in 2015 to 41% in 2016, as a proportion of total mobile contactless payment users. Juniper expects that this will rise to 56% by 2021, as the trio's combined user base exceeds 500 million.
Apple Pay and the US Wallet opportunity
The research found that Apple Pay, and the alternative wallets that have followed in its wake, are set to establish themselves as the primary contactless mechanisms of choice in the US. However, the challenge facing Apple and its rivals is to ensure that the infrastructure is in place for consumers to make in-store payments.
“We believe that as contactless usage gains traction and consumers/merchants recognise the speed and convenience it offers, then, as in European markets, there will be a further and significant increase in availability at the point-of-sale”, added the research author, Nitin Bhas.
Indeed, according to Apple, the proportion of US retailers supporting Apple Pay rose from 4% in 2014 to 35% in late 2016.
HCE adoption to rise 5-fold over the next four years
The research found that 2015/16 were watershed years for HCE (Host Card Emulation) in terms of commercial service rollouts. Juniper estimates that at least 194 banks had introduced such services by the end of 2016.
Juniper expects PayPal, already near ubiquitous in the online space, to rapidly deploy a portfolio of contactless payment and loyalty solutions that will allow it to compete effectively for market share.
To download a free whitepaper on this click here: Is OEM-Pay the Future of Contactless?
Comment on this article below or via Twitter: @ VanillaPlus OR @jcvplus
ARISTOTLE once said: “No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness.”
Well, Tom Brady fits the bill.
He's the greatest quarterback of all time, but also completely odd.
Brady is preparing for the chance to win their sixth Super Bowl ring in an impossibly productive 18-year career that has seen them defy the odds time and time again.
After working their way up from seventh string quarterback at Michigan to outright starter, Brady eventually entered the league as a skinny 6th round pick.
Since then, Brady has transformed themselves into the near-perfect QB.
And it's no accident. The 40-year old is openly chasing that perfection.
Seemingly working with an eternal chip on their shoulder, Brady's oddities know no bounds.
Headlining their ‘way' of life is Brady's world-famous TB12 method, which also functions as a thriving business that includes fitness centers, dietary guidelines and general health tips from the star.
12 PRINCIPLES OF TB12
Pliability is the missing leg of performance training
Holistic and integrative training
Balance and moderation in all things
Conditioning for endurance and vitality
No-load strength training
Promote anti-inflammatory responses in the body
Promote oxygen-rich blood flow
Proper hydration
Healthy nutrition
Supplementation
Brain exercises
Brain rest, recentering, and recovery
I know it all sounds a bit cultish, but the guy really does swear by it.
The TB12 method was developed in conjunction with Brady's controversial close friend/business partner/body coach, Alex Guerrero.
Brady credits their health to the unique work of Guerrero, who holds a degree in traditional Chinese medicine from the now-closed Samra University of Oriental Medicine in LA.
Despite that sounding too convoluted to be real, it's clearly good enough for the greatest quarterback of all time, who seems to have complete trust in the man.
And Guerrero now runs a TB12 center at New England's training compound, treating players including Rob Gronkowski and Danny Amendola.
Camera Icon Tom Brady. Picture: Getty Images
You see, Brady is reimagining everything we thought we knew about the quarterback position.
Conventional wisdom and historical numbers suggest a QB at 40 simply shouldn't be this good.
And yet, Brady plans to play well into their forties.
He's seemingly obsessed with conquering the concept of age, choosing to get mauled by 135kg linemen, instead of retiring to spend their time with supermodel wife Gisele Bundchen and their three kids.
Brady continues to work on their body and their game, revealing in a 2016 interview that they were quicker at 38 than they were when they entered the league as a 22-year old.
In their new Facebook documentary series, ‘Tom vs. Time' (he really hates time); you see the lengths that Brady goes to reach their idea of perfection.
As they sit behind their laptop watching game clips, Brady admits, “I could literally, like, watch film all day.
“It's almost, like, soothing because I've been doing it for so long. I could just go four, five hours without getting up from this chair.”
The tales of Brady's competitiveness are never-ending.
“He's a psychotic competitor,” Former Patriots back-up QB Damon Huard explains.
“Whether it's flinging the backgammon board across the locker room when they lost, or playing pick-up basketball games for charity against firefighters and letting us know that we can't lose to a bunch of firefighters, that's who they are.”
While Pats wide receiver Danny Amendola reveals that in their first week with New England, they played Brady in a table tennis game that resulted in the quarterback breaking their paddle.
And a recent ESPN look into the New England Patriots and their supposed ‘rift', included a snippet on former New England back-up QB Jimmy Garoppolo.
Garoppolo, who was seen by many to be Brady's eventual successor, was traded this year to the San Francisco 49ers; the most clear indication as yet that Brady will be around for a good while longer.
Seth Wickersham explains in the piece: “After Garoppolo was knocked out of their second start because of a shoulder injury, they set up a visit at TB12. As they later told Patriots staffers, when they arrived, the door was locked. They knocked; nobody was there.
“He called TB12 trainers but nobody answered. They couldn't believe it, Garoppolo told the staffers, and that night ended up visiting team trainers instead.”
Interpret that anecdote as you'd like, but it certainly smells like a starting QB looking to make a statement to the up-and-comer.
Their success likely doesn't come without that almost scary intensity in everything they do.
Brady will go into Super LII in Minnesota looking for a sixth ring.
And if you believe in the TB12 method, it won't be theirs last.
Global condemnation has erupted after videos posted online revealed the mutilation of a body belonging to a female member of the Kurdish Women's Protection Units at the hands of Turkish-backed militants in Syria.
Turkish-backed Syrian militants are accused of recording the horrific abuse of the corpse of a female member of the Kurdish Women's Protection Units, according to reports, although some have claimed that they blew themselves up to avoid capture.
Turkey and militant groups in Syria hired by Ankara to invade the northern-Syrian Kurdish town of Afrin staged an invasion beginning January 20, drawing global approbation.
A staunch ally of the US-backed coalition fighting Daesh in Syria, Kurdish forces are considered terrorists by the increasingly autocratic and nationalist regime of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who authorized the Syrian invasion.
An official with the Kurdish fighters in Afrin identified the woman killed and mutilated as Barin Kobani, a highly-trained soldier who fought with the US in driving Daesh from the northern Syrian village of Qurna, according to The Guardian.
US-backed Kurdish fighters in Syria have blamed "terrorist allies of the enemy Turkish state" for the mutilation of Kobani.
The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group claimed that it gained access to the graphic video file from a member of the Turkish-backed Syrian militants fighting the Kurds in Afrin.
In the video, militants stand around a young woman's badly mutilated corpse in Qurna, a Syrian village near the Turkish border.
© AP Photo/ Syrian Democratic Forces Kurds Reportedly Down Two Turkish UAVs Amid Offensive in Afrin
Alongside the Kurdish community, many around the world have reacted with outrage, particularly after a portrait of a smiling Kobani was posted online next to an image of their destroyed body.
"Barin [Kobani] did not surrender. They fought to the death," declared Women's Protection Units spokesperson Amad Kandal, who promised revenge for Kobani's death and abuse.
"This kind of behavior will only serve to reinforce our determination to resist until victory," the Kurdish spokesperson added, cited by The Guardian.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
SAN DIEGO — San Diego Chargers players were scheduled to clean out their lockers Monday, a day after their season-ending loss to the Kansas City Chiefs and amid uncertainty about where they will play next season.
The team had meetings scheduled for first thing in the morning at Chargers Park in Murphy Canyon, followed by their final open locker room player availability, according to team officials.
Read More: Chargers fire head coach Mike McCoy
Then at 1 p.m., Chargers President of Football Operations John Spanos and General Manager Tom Telesco will be available to the media in the Team Meeting Room. Chargers officials did not indicate what the topic of the availability would be. The team has until Jan. 15 to announce whether it will move to Los Angeles this year, or stay in San Diego for another season.
On Sunday, the Chargers fired head coach Mike McCoy less than two hours after the team finished its National Football League season with a 37-27 home loss to the Kansas City Chiefs.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Minister of External Affairs (MEA) Sushma Swaraj on Monday sought a report from the Uttar Pradesh Government on the alleged thrashing of French tourists in state's Mirzapur district.
"I have asked for a report from Government of Uttar Pradesh," Swaraj Tweeted.
Earlier on Sunday, eight people were arrested in connection with the alleged thrashing of French tourists.
A group of foreign tourists from France were allegedly beaten up and molested in Ahraura area of Mirzapur in Uttar Pradesh by a group of local boys.
Recently, a German national was beaten up by a man at a railway Station in Sonbhadra district of UP because they unintentionally ignored a man's greeting. (ANI)
After sweeping Illinois State in a four-game series sweep this past weekend, the Rainbow Warrior baseball team is riding high and getting recognized for their accomplishments.
But on an individual note, the Big West Conference has recognized Warrior Chayce Ka'aua's recent play over the past week, awarding them the conference's Field Player of the Week honors.
Ka'aua earned their first career Big West Baseball Field Player of the Week award as they led Hawaii (12-6) with an impressive showing against the Red Birds, leading the ‘Bows in hitting with a .462 hitting percentage (6-for-13) with two runs scored and six RBIs over four games.
They had at least one hit in all four games and finished the week with an on-base percentage of .500.
Ka'aua was clutch for the Warriors as they helped their team overcome a three-run deficit in game two of the series with a 2-RBI single to center field, to kick off the 7-6 comeback victory.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
The aim, Amazon says in the patent, is to streamline the "time consuming" task of responding to orders and packaging them for speedy delivery. With guidance from a wristband, workers could fill orders faster.
The patents, filed in 2016, were published in September, and were initially reported by GeekWire on Tuesday.
Critics say such wristbands raise concerns about privacy and would add a new layer of surveillance to the workplace, and that the use of the devices could result in employees being treated more like robots than humans.
Current and former Amazon employees said the company already used similar tracking technology in its warehouses and said they would not be surprised if it put the patents into practice.
Max Crawford, a former Amazon warehouse worker in Britain, said in a phone interview, "After a year working on the floor, I felt like I had become a version of the robots I was working with."
They described having to process hundreds of items in an hour — a pace so extreme that one day, they said, they fell over from dizziness.
"There was no time to go to the loo," they said, using the British slang for toilet. "You had to process the items in seconds and then move on. If you didn't meet targets, you were fired."
They worked back and forth at two Amazon warehouses for more than two years and then quit in 2015 because of health concerns, they said: "I got burned out."
Crawford agreed that the wristbands might save some time and labour, but they said the tracking was "stalkerish" and feared that workers might be unfairly scrutinized if their hands were found to be "in the wrong place at the wrong time."
"They want to turn people into machines," they said. "The robotic technology isn't up to scratch yet, so until it is, they will use human robots."
New York Times News Service
Speech to Text for Flu and School Absences
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
susie. school remained in session, because the school corporation felt they had a clear picture on what they were dealing with. and it didn't take long for numbers to trend in a healthier direction. once a school sees 20-percent of its student body absent in one day, that must be reported to the state. if it's health-related, the local health department also gets a call. a 20 percent absence rate sounds like a lot to you and me, and it is. but the school corporation says it's not unheard of this time of year, and they never considered closing school because of it. "historically if you look back at weeks 19, 20 and 21, that's where we are on the calendar, you can see these things will probably occur." this time of year, school secretaries use this form when a parent or guardian calls a student in sick for the day. notice it asks about flu-like symptoms in question two. this gives the school corporation an idea of how big an impact the flu is making on specific school populations. "we were ahead of this. we've been talking about it for a few weeks, developing a checklist, so we make sure we're documenting these things as they call in." /////////// dr. darren brucken with the vigo county health department said flu numbers remain steady in vigo county. but we're shifting from influenza a to influenza b. influenza a has more cough and respiratory-related symptoms. if you have influenza b, you have more vomiting and nausea. they say wash your hands often, and if you're sick.. stay home and get well. back to you. //////// continuing "our flu
Fearing the appropriation of technologies that are said to affect US national security, a federal agency in Washington is considering limiting Beijing's ability to invest in Silicon Valley companies and startups, as China seeks to modernize its military forces.
The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), a secretive group that documents the purchase of US companies by foreign entities, is poised to strengthen its regulatory role, particularly regarding China, based on a call from US lawmakers to improve national security.
New technologies, including machine learning and artificial intelligence currently in development in the high-tech Silicon Valley corridor in California are increasingly fertile ground for Chinese investment, and CFIUS wants to make sure the US isn't giving away the farm.
According to the unreleased Pentagon report, which was viewed by Reuters, China seeks to use new US tech to upgrade its military, and CFIUS has been tasked with stepping up its oversight, as lawmakers demand greater security.
"We're examining CFIUS to look at the long-term health and security of the US economy, given China's predatory practices," said an official with the Trump administration who was not authorized to speak publicly, according to Reuters.
On Tuesday, US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis commented to a Senate panel that the federal agency is "outdated" and declared that CFIUS "needs to be updated to deal with today's situation."
The not-so-well-known federal organization, which ordinarily refrains from commenting to the media on any and all policy decisions it takes, is run by the US Treasury Department, and includes representatives from the departments of Defense, Justice, Homeland Security, Commerce, State and Energy, according to Reuters.
During the administration of President Barack Obama, CFIUS cancelled several Chinese acquisitions of US computer chip developers.
Echoing the sentiment of many on Capitol Hill, James Lewis, a military technology expert with the Center for Security and International Studies, claimed that the US government should be tightening the regulations around Beijing's high-tech buying spree in the US.
"The Chinese have found a way around our protections, our safeguards, on technology transfer in foreign investment. And they're using it to pull ahead of us, both economically and militarily," they claimed.
"I think that's a big deal," the consultant added.
China made some $45.6 billion in purchases and investments in the US in 2016, making the Washington Beijing's largest stop for foreign investment, cited by Reuters.
Scroll for more content...
Apple's week went from bad to worse.
The company's stock fell more than 4% on Friday. Apple released strong earnings results on Thursday but failed to fully dispel lingering concerns about iPhone demand.
The decline, which came amid a broader market sell-off, pushed Apple into correction territory. That means the stock was down more than 10% from its most recent high, which was reached last month.
Apple posted record sales of $88 billion for the final three months of 2017 fueled in part by the higher price tag of the iPhone X, which went on sale during the quarter.
However, the total number of iPhones sold during the quarter declined 1% from the same period a year earlier. Worse still: Apple expects sales for the upcoming quarter to be between $60 billion and $62 billion, well below Wall Street estimates.
The weaker sales forecast and slight dip in iPhones sold fuel lingering investor concerns about demand for Apple's current iPhone lineup, including the $999 iPhone X model and the more affordable iPhone 8 and 8 Plus.
"From our perspective, the quarter was a mixed bag," Sherri Scribner, an analyst with Duetsche Bank, wrote in an investor note after the earnings results were released Thursday.
Related: How will Apple create its media empire?
The questionable iPhone demand was offset to some extent by a surge in the average price of each iPhone sold, as well as Apple's plans to return cash to shareholders as a result of the tax bill signed into law late last year.
"The quarter had enough of both positives and negatives to keep the bulls and bears firmly in their own camps for now," Scribner wrote.
Daniel Ives, an analyst with GBH Insights, now expects Apple to ship between 235 million to 240 million iPhones in the 2018 fiscal year, down from 255 million previously. But Ives says the higher price tags, tax repatriation and product launches later in the year could help make up for that.
"This is a hand holding period starting with tonight's call," Ives wrote in an investor note Thursday night. "We believe near term turbulence does not change our long term bullish thesis on Apple."
The stock slipped in the days before the earnings release as multiple news outlets reported Apple was cutting production for the iPhone X by half for the first three months of 2018.
Apple investors had previously thought the vastly redesigned iPhone X would help drive a "super cycle" of customers upgrading their smartphones.
Apple had gone several years without making a major change to the iPhone's look and feel before releasing the tenth anniversary edition iPhone X. The phone features a full bleed screen and offers the option to unlock the device by scanning your face.
But the iPhone X was a risky bet for Apple. It was Apple's most expensive iPhone to date and didn't go on sale until more than a month after the more affordable 8 and 8 Plus devices.
"Apple stumbled in it's the most recent effort to expand the iPhone product line with 2 new models in 2017," Gene Munster, an Apple analyst and managing partner at Loup Ventures, wrote in a note Thursday.
Munster attributed the weaker iPhone sales in the holiday quarter in part to "the more complex buying decision between iPhone 8 and iPhone X."
Congressional Democrats are making moves to distance themselves from Harvey Weinstein following reports that the Hollywood elite producer has paid settlements to at least eight women accusing them of sexual harassment.
Four Democratic senators — Sens. Patrick Leahy (D-VT), Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Martin Heinrich (D-NM) and Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) — have committed to donating Weinstein's campaign contributions back to charity and some said they'd give the funds to domestic violence organizations, the New York Times reported Friday.
Leahy said he'd give back $5,600, Blumenthal and Heinrich said they'd return $5,400 and Warren said she'd donate $5,000. Other Democrats are expected to follow the lead, according to the Times.
Weinstein has been donating funds to liberal candidates for decades, including former President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. Since 1990 he's given more than $1.4 million to several liberal candidates and committees, Variety reported Thursday.
The New York Times was the first to report that the allegations against Weinstein date back more than 30 years.
March 28 Akebia Therapeutics Inc
* Akebia Therapeutics Inc - Akebia announces publication of phase 2A results for Vadadustat in patients with anemia related to chronic kidney disease
* Akebia Therapeutics Inc - data showed Vadadustat increased hemoglobin levels and improved iron mobilization when compared to placebo Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The sun has many times demonstrated its power to disrupt our power, communication and transportation infrastructure, and to cause problems for many aspects of our lives.
The power outages in March 1989 are an example. As time passes we are finding more things the sun can do.
The sun is a big ball of mainly hydrogen gas about 1.5 million kilometres in diameter. In the core, where the temperatures are in the 10-20 million degree range, nuclear fusion is taking place, where hydrogen is being converted to helium, and in the process producing the energy that makes the sun shine. The energy output is equivalent to the total annihilation of 400 million tonnes of hydrogen per second. To help illustrate how enormous an energy output it is, a ten billion-watt power station is converting one millionth of a kilogramme of material into energy per second.
However, this is not the whole story. The sun is a ball of gas, and not a solid object. Its equatorial latitudes rotate faster than the polar latitudes, and the core probably rotates faster still. In addition material near the core gets hot, and rises to the surface by convection, where it radiates its energy to space and then submerges again. The churning material generates electric currents, which in turn create magnetic fields. These combine with the hot material to form jelly-like plasma magnetic flux ropes permeating the interior of the sun. Sometimes a magnetic flux rope gets caught by the convection and dragged to the surface, where it erupts up through it, forming giant loops. The magnetic fields are so strong they interfere with the transfer of energy; making it ‘cooler,' 3,000 C rather than the 6,000 C of the surrounding surface, so that it looks darker — a sunspot. The magnetic fields spread out, and then dive back down.
As the magnetic fields continually rearrange and more magnetic fields come up, the loops get twisted, crowded and stretched. Just as in the case of a stretched and twisted elastic band, lots of energy gets stored in the stressed magnetic fields. These distortions lead to increasing electric currents. There is a limit to how much current these loops can take. If this limit is not reached, the stresses may gradually relax over days. However, if the limit is exceeded anywhere in the magnetic structure, all that stored energy may be released, catastrophically.
Somewhere in the structure, the magnetic field tears, locally releasing the stress. This generates more stress in the surrounding material so the tearing grows and spreads. Imagine the snapping of an overly-stressed elastic band. The broken magnetic field lines then reconnect into a low-stress configuration, and all that stored energy is released, equivalent to millions of 100-megaton hydrogen bombs let off at once. The result is bursts of X-rays, which cause communication blackouts, high-energy particles which fry satellite electronics and endanger astronauts, and bursts of radio emission. In many cases a large mass, maybe 1.5 billion tonnes of solar material is ejected off into space at up to 3,000 km/sec. This is a coronal mass ejection or CME. If one of those is shot in our direction, it takes between 24 and 48 hours to reach us, and when it hits the Earth's protective magnetic field, we get magnetic storms, power outages and other disruptions.
We also get displays of aurora. Back in the days when we were not dependent upon our complex infrastructure, we just got to enjoy the aurora. Today, our street lights make it difficult to appreciate the night sky. However, a big magnetic storm will give us a bright aurora and also shut off the lights so we can more easily enjoy its beauty.
After sunset Venus is spectacular in the west and Jupiter almost as spectacular in the southeast. Saturn, fainter and golden coloured, rises around midnight and Mars, much fainter and reddish, about 1 a.m. The Moon will be Full on May 29.
Ken Tapping is an astronomer with the National Research Council's Dominion Radio Astrophysical Observatory, Penticton.
Social media sensation Jeremy Meeks, the 'hot felon,' made their New York Fashion Week debut on the Philipp Plein runway earlier this week.
Meeks made headlines in 2014 after their mugshot, posted on the Stockton Police Department's Facebook page after they were arrested on federal weapons charges, went viral.
They became an instant Internet celebrity, with users commenting on their good looks.
Meeks was later convicted and sentenced to 27 months in a California prison, but they have since traded the cellblock for the catwalk.
This mugshot of Jeremy Meeks, 30, of Stockton, Calif., garnered a lot of attention on Facebook after being posted to the local police department's page. (Photo: Stockton Police Department/Mugshot/Postmedia Network)
Public health experts from Georgia State University have been partnering with Chinese cities in their quest to stamp out smoking for nearly a decade.
Now, the school itself is getting something out of the deal: a unique partnership with an ambitious Chinese city that could lead to real collaborations on pressing public health issues.
In mid-November, Georgia State's School of Public Health signed a five-year agreement to work on tangible projects with the Chengdu Municipal Health and Family Planning Commission, the local unit of the national agency charged with implementing various health policies in China.
Chengdu, located in China's southwest, is known for its pandas and laid-back lifestyle (some joke that the famous bears, who loll about while munching on bamboo, set the tone for the region).
But Chengdu is also a bustling metropolis where a seven-line subway system is under construction and gleaming skyscrapers sprout from newly planned urban districts.
Michael Eriksen, dean of the GSU public health school, says Chengdu's health officials seem as ambitious as its economic boosters: They floated the idea of the partnership while visiting Atlanta this summer.
“They're driven and they're positive and they're confident and they're open to new ideas,” Dr. Eriksen told Global Atlanta during an interview at their hotel Chengdu, just before they met with leaders from the commission and the Chengdu Center for Disease Control.
Signing deals in China is nothing new for U.S. universities, which have often resorted to the well-trodden “memorandum of understanding” to codify their faculty and student exchanges with partner institutions.
But Dr. Eriksen said working directly with a municipal government is relatively rare.
“We're excited that because this is between Georgia State and a city, it will be very much be applied public health,” Dr. Eriksen told Global Atlanta during an interview in Chengdu. “That's what public health really is: Helping agencies and institutions protect and promote the health of their citizens.”
Chengdu is vying for a national government designation as a “healthy city,” which would meld well with its reputation as a city that values sustainability.
Tobacco control —getting smokers to quit and non-smokers to avoid starting — will be a pillar of the new pact, as it's what opened the door to the relationship in the first place.
Dr. Eriksen is leading a $2.1 million grant from Pfizer Inc. to help five cities formulate anti-smoking policies and action plans. The project was designed to continue the work of the 17-city China Tobacco Control Partnership, initially funded through a $14 million Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation grant to Emory University.
Overall, 22 cities have participated in the partnership since it began in 2009, with Chengdu applying to join in the latest five-city cohort. The city is currently considering a rule banning smoking in public places.
Over the last decade, Dr. Eriksen has traveled to China more than 20 times, forging relationships with public-health leaders at the local and national levels.
On this latest trip, accompanied by Pam Redmon, executive director of the China Tobacco Control Partnership, Dr. Eriksen had a chance to deliver their second lecture on tobacco control to Chengdu health leaders.
Speaking to Global Atlanta again after the event, they said that more than 100 people showed up to hear them say that helping people quit smoking is the single most effective thing the city can do to improve public health.
China is home to more than 300 million smokers, the most in the world, and about half of men smoke. Dr. Eriksen contributed to a study finding that one of every three young Chinese men will die from smoking-related causes without serious interventions. They said China is about where the U.S. was in 1964 in terms of smoking prevalence. The tobacco epidemic could kill 200 million by the end of the century, according to the World Health Organization.
“I tell people when I talk here: Can you afford to wait 50 years? Because we know what will happen: There will be millions of deaths from lung cancer and emphysema and heart attacks if you do,” they said.
But China's centralized government structure gives it a chance to tackle the problem quickly if it can overcome competing concerns like lost revenue from its powerful tobacco monopoly, which accounts for 7 percent of government revenues through taxes and sales of cigarettes by some estimates, they said.
“China doesn't wait 50 years to do anything. That's what so exciting about it. It's such a dynamic country that it transforms itself literally overnight through buildings and highways and stadiums,” they said. “That's on the physical plane. Can China do the same on the social plane?”
The GSU agreement isn't all about tobacco. Written in English and Chinese, it also calls for work on “communicable diseases prevention and control, non-communicable chronic diseases prevention and control, healthy environment, health service, biomedical science, and other areas.” Joint research and grants will be pursued on these subjects as well, with the goal of publishing in medical journals.
Each side can ask the other expert assistance on their own projects and they may also develop joint training programs for public health personnel. Any funding mechanisms would be evaluated and renewed on an annual basis.
And working with the city doesn't preclude working with other universities. While in Chengdu, Dr. Eriksen met with Sichuan University's West China School of Public Health to discuss further collaborations.
The school's long history of working not only on tobacco control but also on issues like access to care in rural areas reinforced Dr. Eriksen's interest in working with the city.
More reporting on tobacco in China coming from Global Atlanta soon…
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The recent outbreak of measles in the Kansas City metro area has grown to 10 people, according to a release from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment.
Last week, officials announced seven cases in Johnson and Miami counties.
Now, eight Johnson County residents, one Linn County resident and one in Miami County have been diagnosed with the measles. All of the Johnson County and Linn County cases are associated with the same daycare. The Miami County case isn't connected to the daycare.
According to the release, officials have determined where and when each person became infected.
The department said the average number of days between when a person is exposed to measles and when they first start showing symptoms is approximately 10 to 14 days (range of 7 to 21 days). Secondary cases are now appearing outside of the daycare.
Authorities said there is concern that some people in the general population may have potentially been exposed to people with measles while they were infectious.
Possible measles exposure
According to KDHE, if you have visited one or more of these locations on the dates and times listed, you may have been exposed to measles:
AMC Dine-In Studio 28; 12075 S. Strang Line Rd., Olathe, KS; March 9th from 3:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.
Aldi's; 15290 W. 119th St Olathe, KS 66062; on March 2nd from 3:00 to 5 p.m.
Payless Discount Foods; 2101 E. Santa Fe St, Olathe, KS; on March 6th from 10 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.
El Potro Mexican Café; 602 N Pearl St, Paola, KS on March 7th from 4 to 8:00 p.m.
Children's Mercy Hospital Kansas; 5808 W 110th St, Overland Park, KS on March 8th and March 10th in the morning
Budget Coin Laundry; 798 E Main St, Gardner, KS; on March 9th from 8 to 11 p.m.
Olathe YMCA swimming pool and locker room; 21400 W. 153rd St, Olathe, KS; on March 10th from 9:30 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Bath and Body Works at Legends Outlets; 1803 Village W Pkwy, Kansas City, KS; on March 10th from 1 to 3 p.m.
Crazy 8 at Legends Outlets; 1843 Village W Pkwy, Kansas City, KS; on March 10th after 1 to 3 p.m.
Orange Leaf; 11524 W 135th St Overland Park, KS; on March 10th from 3 to 6 p.m.
Measles symptoms
Symptoms typically begin with a high fever, cough, runny nose, and red, watery eyes. Three to five days after symptoms begin a rash develops and usually starts on the face at the hairline and spreads down to the neck, arms, and legs, according to KDHE.
The best way to prevent measles is to get the MMR vaccine. If you have had measles or have been vaccinated, your risk of contracting the disease is extremely low.
People who are ill or exhibiting measles-like symptoms should stay home unless they are seeking medical care. The news release says before visiting a healthcare provider, call ahead so the provider can take measures to protect other patients and staff.
For questions call the Johnson County Department of Health and Environment at (913) 477-8343 or the KDHE Epidemiology hotline at (877) 427-7317.
Fans displayed their anger by lighting fires in the stands after Kaizer Chiefs were beaten by Free State Stars. Photo: Motshwari Mofokeng/African News Agency/ANA
DURBAN - Parliament officials are aiming to better understand the root cause of ‘increasing' spectator violence.
Officials from Parliament's Portfolio Committee on Sport and Recreation are considering a visit to the Moses Mabhida stadium in Durban to assess the damage caused by angry Kaizer Chiefs fans on Saturday.
18 people were injured after the enraged Chiefs fans descended onto the field, torched chairs, damaged equipment and assaulted security guards - videos and pictures of which went viral over the weekend.
Kaizer Chiefs had just lost 2-0 to Free State Stars in the Nedbank semi-final soccer match.
Chairperson of the committee, Beauty Dlulane, said in a statement released today: “At the end of the day, the committee has a responsibility to conduct oversight where the interest and lives of South Africans appear to be compromised.”
Committee on Sport Resolves to Invite PSL to Brief It on Violence at Moses Mabhida Stadium https://t.co/PnjgcNSaKg pic.twitter.com/ZmmnxH46xU — Parliament of RSA (@ParliamentofRSA) April 24, 2018
Dlulane said the committee also aimed to understand why the violence was sparked.
“It would be better if we could understand the reasons for this spectator behaviour before events. The committee is also concerned about the frequency with which these incidents occur,” they said.
Also read: Chiefs, Pirates have a history of fan violence
The committee also demanded clarity on “grey areas” regarding security at sporting events.
“The issue of security at events of that magnitude, where a club as big as Kaizer Chiefs is involved, needs to be a top priority. This incident also points to possible gaps in the system regarding the custodianship and administration of such events,” they said.
On Wednesday, Durban Mayor, Zandile Gumede, and Moses Mabhida Stadium manager, Vusi Mazibuko, are expected to declare the extent and cost of damages inflicted upon the world-cup stadium.
Also read: Durban mayor to address urgent presser over stadium damages
SUNDAY TRIBUNE
James Sands died earlier this year, but investigators have yet to track down any loved ones.
Officials in Hawaii are searching for the family of a late veteran with Oklahoma ties. James Sands died earlier this year, but investigators have yet to track down any loved ones.
The Honolulu Medical Examiner's office says it has exhausted its own resources looking for relatives of the 72-year-old Army veteran. Now, they are looking for the public's help.
CBS affiliate Hawaii News Now reports James Sands was using a walker to cross the street after their discharge from the hospital March 4, when they were hit and killed by a van. Almost three months later, investigators have yet to find their next of kin.
“We normally would not release a name or any information because family should be notified before the public is notified of their death,” said ME investigator Charlotte Carter. “However, we have been unable in all our extensive searches to find their family.”
Sands arrived on the island decades ago, but their friends do not know much about their life before then. Now, that knowledge is necessary.
“I was wondering who was taking care of this and who was going to go through all of this because somebody had to do some homework on him,” their friend James Smith told Hawaii News Now.
Smith discovered an old briefcase in Sands's home. It revealed a hidden history, including a stint at Ponca Military Academy, where they played football and basketball.
Sands's birth certificate shows they were born in Texas, and one photo shows them with a girl who could be their older sister.
Smith said, “She definitely doesn't know that they passed because they weren't keeping in contact at all.”
Their friends believe they should be buried with military honors alongside other veterans at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific, but if family is not found soon, Sands will be cremated without a proper funeral.
If you recognize Sands or are related to him, you can claim their remains by clicking here.
With Wednesday's release of "The First Purge," we've seen four entires into the "Purge" series since 2013. What is it about these movies that has caused them to stick around and haunt our movie theaters, DVRs, wallets and collective imaginations?
Elon Musk has suggested that lithium-ion grid batteries can power the entire island, but that might not be quite as easy at they make it sound.
When Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico, it caused huge damage to its power grid. So bad, in fact, that restoring power to everyone on the island is expected to take months. Tesla has already sent hundreds of its Powerwall battery packs to help the cause; they can be paired up with solar panels to provide microgrids to some parts of the island.
But could Tesla do more? When asked on Twitter if Tesla could help rebuild Puerto Rico's grid with solar and battery systems, Musk replied:
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the Puerto Rican government, Public Utilities Commission, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of Puerto Rico.
Puerto Rico's governor, Ricardo Rossello, seems interested, telling the Tesla CEO: “Let's talk.”
But let's hold on a second. It's true that Tesla has helped supply some islands with grid-scale batteries, but the installations are small: a six-megawatt facility on Ta'u, Samoa, allows the island to run entirely off wind power, while a 52-megawatt-hour battery in Kauai, Hawaii, stores solar energy to reduce the need for diesel generators. Tesla's biggest grid battery, currently in production in South Australia, will have a total capacity of 129 megawatt-hours.
But Puerto Rico isn't a small island. It has a population of 3.4 million people, and its power generation was 20 billion megawatt-hours in 2014.
Calculating how big an installation Puerto Rico would require to cover its energy needs isn't just a matter of back-of-the-envelope math. But however you slice it, it would have to be much, much larger than the Australian system Tesla is currently working on.
Its size also means it would be expensive. Elon Musk has publicly stated that Tesla grid battery systems currently cost $250 per kilowatt-hour for systems of more than 100 megawatt-hours. That figure pegs the South Australia scheme at over $32 million.
There's also a big question mark over longevity, because lithium-ion batteries aren't usually used to provide baseload power, which would require frequent charging and discharging. Tesla doesn't say how many cycles the batteries in its grid battery systems can tolerate before they degrade and reach the end of their useful life. But as with other lithium-ion batteries, it's likely in the thousands—probably around 5,000, the same as Tesla's consumer-focused Powerwall units. That's not bad in a domestic setting, but it could be quickly devoured in Puerto Rico.
Finally, it could take an incredibly long time to build the thing. Tesla promised to build the South Australia facility in 100 days or else waive its fee, and that build-out so far appears to be going well. But building a full grid system could take considerably longer. And given estimates that restoring the grid could take up to six months (not including Tesla's involvement), one is left wondering if the cost, complexity, and longevity issues don't make the suggestions rather more bluster than substance.
Want more videos like this?
Every day we send an email with the top videos from Digg.
An Arizona man falsely told guests at a Walt Disney World resort in Florida that there was an active shooter on the property on Monday — and later told police they were staging a YouTube stunt, PEOPLE confirms.
Dillion Burch, 22, was sentenced to three days in jail after pleading no contest Tuesday to disorderly intoxication and disturbing the peace at a public lodging for the incident at Disney's Contemporary Resort in Orlando, Florida, WKMG reported.
According to an arrest affidavit obtained by PEOPLE, Burch approached numerous guests shortly after midnight and told them to evacuate because of the purported gunman. They would then tell them they were joking and recording their reactions for their YouTube channel.
The affidavit describes Burch as “highly intoxicated” and adds that the incident caused a “significant disturbance.”
The resort was put on lockdown because of Burch's false statements, the affidavit states.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
During the incident, Burch was asked by a staff member why they were telling people there was a shooter. Burch responded that they were working on a school project to capture people's reactions to a possible emergency. They then said they would leave the hotel, and asked management not to follow him, the affidavit states.
Deputies from the Orange County Sheriff's Office arrived as Burch was leaving and saw them running through the parking lot, according to the affidavit. They were found hiding in a row of bushes on hotel property, and was subsequently searched and taken into custody.
Beer was found in their backpack, the affidavit states.
Burch has been banned from the Walt Disney World property, WKMG reported.
Are you excited? McCoy de Leon and Elisse Joson are set to do a movie directed by JP Habac
Published 4:15 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines –McCoy de Leon and Elisse Joson aka McLisse are set to star in their own movie in 2018. The announcement was made by Joji Alonso, producer of Quantum Films.
No other details have been announced, but the film will be directed by JP Habac, who also did the movie I'm Drunk, I Love You.
"With #AllOfYou completed and #AngDalawangMrsReyes nearing completion, we begin shoot of our new film with #McLisse this January to be directed by [JP Habac]. Excited to begin this new journey..." Joji tweeted.
With #AllOfYou completed and #AngDalawangMrsReyes nearing completion, we begin shoot of our new film with #McLisse this January to be directed by @jphabac. Excited to begin this new journey... pic.twitter.com/K7xYv36tQc — joji alonso (@attyjoji) December 7, 2017
McCoy and Elisse's tandem rose to fame during their time in Pinoy Big Brother. They later appeared on FPJ's Ang Probinsyano and a commercial for fast food chain, McDonald's.
The two are currently starring in the teleserye The Good Son and will appear in Ang Panday, starring Coco Martin. – Rappler.com
Advanced Ceramics Market:
Industry Overview:
Advanced Ceramics are a particular class of ceramics that exhibit enhanced properties. These ceramics are mainly produced to overcome the disadvantages of normal ceramics and to cater growing requirements of various end-use industries. Advance ceramics possess advanced properties such as corrosion resistance, toughness, high tensile strength, thermal stability, and ballistic protection among others.
Advanced Ceramics at the end user industries is the primary factor driving the market growth during the forecast years. Moreover, the growing automotive and electrical & electronic industry in the developing regions are expected to contribute to the growth of the advanced ceramics market substantially. In addition to this, the viable replacement of metal and plastics with advanced ceramics in the automobile sector among others is also expected to contribute to the growth of the market.
Advanced Ceramics Market electrical & electronic is the leading segment of the market and is anticipated to continue its dominance over the forecast period. Applications of advanced ceramics are increasing in insulating, semiconducting and superconducting, magnetic, and piezoelectric.
Get Premium Sample Copy@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1604
Industry Segmental Analysis:
Advanced Ceramics Market is segmented into product type, material, and end-user. On the basis of the product type, the market is classified into monolithic ceramics, ceramic matrix composites, ceramic coatings and others. Th market by the material is segregated into advanced alumina ceramics; titanate advanced ceramics, zirconate advanced ceramics, advanced ferrite ceramics, and others. On the basis of the end, user industry is further categorized into electrical & electronics, machinery, pharmaceuticals, military & defense, automotive and others.
Industry Treading Rate:
Data integration and capabilities are analyzed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations. Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of advanced ceramics market. Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models.
Geographically, the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. The production, consumption, revenue, shares in mill UDS, growth rate of advanced ceramics market during the forecast period of 2018 to 2023 is well explained.
Complete List of Tables and Figures@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/advanced-ceramics-market-1604
Industry Key Players:
Kyocera Corporation (Japan),
CeramTec GmbH (Germany),
CoorsTek Inc. (U.S.),
Saint-Gobain Ceramic Materials (U.S.),
Morgan Advanced Materials Plc. (U.K.),
3M Company (U.S.),
Rauschert Steinbach GmbH (Germany),
Dyson Advanced ceramics Limited (U.K),
Superior Advanced Ceramics (U.S.),
NGK Spark Plug Co., Ltd. (Japan).
Do Enquiry and Ask for Discount@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/advanced-ceramics-market-1604
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Home Healthcare Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Home Healthcare Market by application (therapeutic, diagnostic, fitness, nutrition monitoring), type (home health monitoring products, home health services, home health solutions) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Home Healthcare Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Home Healthcare Market are Philips Healthcare, Almost Family Inc., Abbott Laboratories, B. Braun Melsungen AG, Johnson & Johnson, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Cardinal Health Inc., Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Omron Healthcare and McKesson Corporation.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report :- https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/310
Due to Increasing Acceptance of Home Healthcare as a Cost Effective Alternative Solution to Traditional Treatments and Growing Number of Workforce Related to these Services Increasing the Demand for Home Healthcare Services
Home healthcare is a wide range of medical solutions, products and services, which provide health monitoring, treatment and regular support to patients at home. Home healthcare is generally less expensive, more convenient and as effective as care you receive in a hospital or nursing home. Primary factors driving this market include rise in base of geriatric population, increasing number of patients with chronic diseases, growing awareness about home health among the population, growing demand for affordable healthcare treatments, pressure to reduce the healthcare treatments costs, technological innovations, and government support to promote home healthcare. In addition, increasing acceptance of home healthcare as a cost effective alternative solution to traditional treatments and growing number of workforce related to these services increasing the demand for home healthcare services. Moreover, the construction and maintenance of hospitals are capital intensive in nature and incur large investments in terms of capital and operational expenses. Therefore, healthcare providers strategically with the help of mergers and acquisitions are now entering the rapidly growing home healthcare market in an effort to exploit on the available prospects in this market.
North America is Leading Contributor to the Market and Is Expected to Retain Its Position during the Forecast Period
Geographically, North America is leading contributor to the market and is expected to retain its position during the forecast period. Nonetheless, the market for Asia-Pacific region is expected to grow at a faster rate owing to increasing prevalence chronic diseases, growing awareness among the population, increasing adoption of new technologies, large number of new players entering into the market, improving healthcare infrastructure, rise in healthcare spending, and favorable government policies.
Segment Covered
The report on global home healthcare market covers segments such as, type, application and software. On the basis of type the global home healthcare market is categorized into home health monitoring products, home health services and home health solutions. On the basis of application the global home healthcare market is categorized into therapeutic, diagnostic, fitness and nutrition monitoring and other. On the basis of software the global home healthcare market is categorized into agency software, clinical management systems and hospice solutions.
U.S. Drives the Growth in the North America Region as it is the Largest Market in the Region
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015-2023.The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017-2023.
Major key Players Mentioned in this Premium Report
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global home healthcare market such as, Philips Healthcare, Almost Family Inc., Abbott Laboratories, B. Braun Melsungen AG, Johnson & Johnson, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Cardinal Health Inc., Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA, Omron Healthcare and McKesson Corporation.
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1. Report Description
1.2. Research Methods
1.3. Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Home Healthcare Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.3. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4. IGR-Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5. Competitive Landscape in the Global Home Healthcare Market
4. Global Home Healthcare Market by Type
4.1. Home Health Monitoring Products
4.2. Home Health Services
4.3. Home Health Solutions
5. Global Home Healthcare Market by Application
5.1. Therapeutic
5.1.1. Home Respiratory Equipment
5.1.2. Insulin Delivery Device
5.1.3. Home IV Pumps
5.1.4. Home Dialysis Equipment
5.1.5. Other Therapeutic Equipment
5.2. Diagnostic
5.2.1. Diabetic Care Unit
5.2.2. BP Monitors
5.2.3. Multi Parameter Diagnostic Monitors
5.2.4. Home Pregnancy and Fertility Kits
5.2.5. Other Self-Monitoring Equipment
5.2.6. Apnea and Sleep Monitors
5.2.7. Holter Monitors
5.2.8. Heart Rate Maters
5.2.9. Other
5.3. Fitness and Nutrition Monitoring
5.4. Other
6. Global Home Healthcare Market by Software
6.1. Agency Software
6.2. Clinical Management Systems
6.3. Hospice Solutions
7. Global Home Healthcare Market by Region 2017-2023
7.1. North America
7.1.1. North America Home Healthcare Market by Type
7.1.2. North America Home Healthcare Market by Application
7.1.3. North America Home Healthcare Market by Software
7.1.4. North America Home Healthcare Market by Country
7.2. Europe
7.2.1. Europe Home Healthcare Market by Type
7.2.2. Europe Home Healthcare Market by Application
7.2.3. Europe Home Healthcare Market by Software
7.2.4. Europe Home Healthcare Market by Country
7.3. Asia-Pacific
7.3.1. Asia-Pacific Home Healthcare Market by Type
7.3.2. Asia-Pacific Home Healthcare Market by Application
7.3.3. Asia-Pacific Home Healthcare Market by Software
7.3.4. Asia-Pacific Home Healthcare Market by Country
7.4. RoW
7.4.1. RoW Home Healthcare Market by Type
7.4.2. RoW Home Healthcare Market by Application
7.4.3. RoW Home Healthcare Market by Software
7.4.4. RoW Home Healthcare Market by Sub-region
8. Company Covered
8.1. Philips Healthcare
8.2. Almost Family Inc.
8.3. Abbott Laboratories
8.4. B. Braun Melsungen Ag
8.5. Johnson & Johnson
8.6. Becton, Dickinson And Company
8.7. Cardinal Health Inc.
8.8. Fresenius Se & Co. Kgaa
8.9. Omron Healthcare
8.10. Mckesson Corporation
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/home_healthcare_market
Nursery operator celebrates the Best In Europe award
LEADING UK childcare and education provider Childbase Partnership has been named Best in Europe after beating 112,000 companies in 34 countries to the top award in the prestigious European Business Awards in Poland.
The Newport Pagnell-based employee-owned organisation was described as ‘the gold standard for business excellence' and commended for its creativity, innovation, and impressive respect for employees.
It received the Chairman's Selection Award following a unanimous vote by 57 judges from organisations throughout Europe in a gala event in Warsaw which brought together business leaders, politicians, ambassadors and academics.
The European Business Awards started in 2007 to promote success, innovation and ethics in the European business community.
Representing the UK in the finals and collecting the award were Childbase Partnership employee owners Dagmara Lamont, recruitment compliance officer, and external relations officer Jade Uko both pictured.
Childbase Partnership managing director Virginia Mead-Herbert said: “Employee ownership at Childbase Partnership means that every one of our 1,800 employees can tell our compelling story with the same passion and pride demonstrated by my two colleagues who represented us in Poland.”
Childbase Partnership has 41 day nurseries in the South of England including two Ofsted-rated ‘Outstanding' settings - Meadow View in Newport Pagnell and Woodlands in Downs Barn, Milton Keynes.
Chairman of judges Philip Forrest said: “Childbase Partnership presented a unique Employee Owned Business model in a sector dominated by many, many traditional methodologists.
“Their ethical and sustainability record, and impressive respect for their employees, has been equally matched by their creativity and innovation resulting in an organisation rated extremely highly by independent government assessors.”
30-05-2018
With the deadly school massacre in Florida, the survivor's push now for gun control. Here to talk about that, Criminologist, Dr. Tom Payne.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Burkitt lymphoma (BL) may be defined as an aggressive rare disorder that constitutes approximately 1% to 2% of all non-Hodgkin lymphomas. Burkitt lymphoma is known as one of the most aggressive forms of lymphoma, with a doubling time of approximately 24 hours. The term was coined after an Irish surgeon named Denis Burkitt, who first described the lymphoma in 1958, and was the first to successfully compile description of significant number of cases with the disorder. A range of intensive therapy regimen is available to choose from which depends upon local practice. The CODOX-M/IVAC is the most commonly administered regimen, first introduced as pediatric regimen in 1980 by Magrath et.al. Various regimen for Burkitt lymphoma (BL) are R-CODOX-M/IVAC regimen, BFM/GMALL/NHL regimen, Hyper-CVAD regimen, CALGB and LMB regimen, DA-EPOCH-R regimen, and other high-intensive regimens. Burkitt lymphoma is represented by three clinical sub-types: endemic Burkitt lymphoma (eBL), immunodeficiency-associated Burkitt lymphoma (iBL), and sporadic (sBL).
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=39413
These clinical sub-types share similar morphological and immunophenotypic features, while conform largely with respect to genetic makeup, and differ in exhibiting few clinical features as well as incidence pattern. Sporadic Burkitt lymphoma (sBL) is a rare disorder generally affecting all age groups. It accounts for approximately 1% of adult lymphomas and reported in areas lacking endemic malaria. Endemic Burkitt lymphoma (eBL) is predominantly a pediatric disease or disorder, accounting for about 30% to 50% of pediatric cancer in regions with holoendemic malaria. Endemic Burkitt lymphoma (eBL) clinically differs by affecting facial bones especially the jaw. Immunodeficiency-associated Burkitt lymphoma (iBL) accounts for 10% to 40% of all HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) associated lymphomas and was the first to be recognized in HIV setting.
The CODOX-M/IVAC regimen includes cytarabine, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, etoposide, high-dose cytarabine, IT methotrexate, leucovorin, vincristine/ifosfamide. BFM/GMALL/NHL regimen generally consists of pre-phase treatment with prednisone and cyclophosphamide, which is then commenced by alternating chemotherapy with six cycles including doxorubicin, dexamethasone, ifosfamide, high-dose methotrexate, teniposide, cytarabine, and vincristine. It also includes triple IT therapy with cytarabine, dexamethasone, and methotrexate. Hyper-CVAD regimen which was initially developed for acute lymphoblastic leukemia includes four cycles of hyperfractionated cyclophosphamide, dexamethasone, vincristine, and doxorubicin.
Enquiry for discount on this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=39413
CALGB and LMB regimens utilize prednisone and cyclophosphamide as a pre-phase cycle, followed by alternating chemotherapy cycles depending upon the risk. DA-EPOCH-R regimen consists of different approach with low concentration chemotherapy agents being exposed for long period of time as compared to that of other high-intensive regimen, comprising infusional EPOCH (cyclophosphamide, etoposide, doxorubicin, vincristine, and prednisone). This regimen is specifically used in order to provide continuous exposure of cytotoxic agents to tumor cells and to bring about decrease in toxicity. Many variations of short-cycle, high intensive regimens are being developed and used in addition to these regimens.
The global Burkitt lymphoma (BL) therapeutics market can be segmented based on clinical type, drug therapy regimen, distribution channel, and region. In terms of clinical type, the market can be classified into endemic BL (eBL), immunodeficiency-associated BL (idBL), and sporadic variant (sBL). Based on drug therapy regimen, the global Burkitt lymphoma (BL) therapeutics market can be categorized into R-CODOX-M/IVAC regimen, BFM/GMALL/NHL regimen, Hyper-CVAD regimen, CALGB and LMB regimen, DA-EPOCH-R, and other high-intensive regimens. In terms of distribution channel, the market can be divided into drug stores, hospital pharmacy, online pharmacy, retail pharmacy, and others.
In terms of region, the global Burkitt lymphoma (BL) therapeutics market can be segmented into Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East & Africa, North America, and Latin America.
Key players in the global Burkitt lymphoma (BL) therapeutics market are Bedford Laboratories, Sun Pharma, Seattle Genetics, Inc., Sanofi, Mayo Clinic, Pfizer, Inc., Merck KGaA, and Cellerant Therapeutics, Inc., among others.
Request for the TOC of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=39413
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.
Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through adhoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem-solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.
TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision.
US Office Contact
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Sunday to call for an investigation into “who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday” – referring to the anti-Trump Tax Day March held Saturday in Washington and at least 60 other locations.
Trump may have missed a Breitbart News exclusive investigative article penned by this reporter on February 16 titled, “Soros Groups Behind Massive Anti-Trump Tax Day Protest Plot.”
While there is no immediate information on who directly bankrolled this specific protest movement, Breitbart News found that most of the listed partners and support organizers of the march are openly financed by George Soros or have close links to Soros financing.
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017
Trump's tweet itself received widespread news media coverage. However, scores of major news media articles reviewed by this reporter failed to document the Soros ties to the tax march.
“Trump calls for investigation into Tax Day protesters, tweets ‘election is over!'” reads a CNBC.com article.
After noting an initial Trump tweet on the difficulty of a Republican winning the Electoral College, NBC News reported:
The president then followed up by repeating an unsubstantiated claim he's made before that some of the protesters against them were “paid,” an allegation that became popular in some right-wing circles in the build up to the 2016 presidential election, before noting that the election was “over.”
“Trump's Tweets Give Tax Day Marchers at Least Part of What They Wanted,” noted the headline in a Vanity Fair report. The article's sub-headline reads: “He may never release their tax returns, but thousands of marchers around the country got their message heard.”
The website for the Tax Day march claims that its mission is to get Trump to release their tax returns and more.
The site reads:
President Trump needs to be straight with the American people. To whom do they owe favors? Who are their policies really intended to benefit? Who will they put first? Working families are struggling to make ends meet, but we pay our fair share in taxes – does Donald Trump pay any at all?
A query about protest financing sent to the email address for press inquiries listed on the Tax Day March website was not answered as of this writing.
Organizers of the March claim to be “ordinary Americans, community organizers, advocates, and people from all walks of life and all backgrounds joining together to raise our voices and send a bold message to this administration.”
In February, Breitbart News documented a section of the Tax Day March website titled, “Who is organizing it?” The website for the Tax March listed the following eight groups, six of which are either funded by Soros or tied to Soros financing.
The Tax March is grateful to have the support of the following organizations: American Federation of Teachers, Americans for Tax Fairness , Center for Popular Democracy, Indivisible Project, MoveOn.Org, Our Revolution, and The Working Families Party.
Americans for Tax Fairness is the recipient of a grant from Soros's Open Society Foundations' U.S. Programs.
MoveOn.Org is financed by Soros.
The American Federation of Teachers' Educational Foundation, the nonprofit arm of the American Federation of Teachers , was financed by the Strategic Opportunities Fund of Soros's Open Society Foundations, leaked Open Society documents show.
The Center for Popular Democracy is led by Soros-tied activists . In 2013, Marbre Stahly, a policy advocate at the Center, became a Soros Justice Fellow, which comes with a stipend of $58,700-$110,250 to fund full-time activism projects that last between 12-18 months. The Center was listed as Stahly's “host” for the grant.
According to their bio , the Center's research analyst, Maggie Corser, “spent four years at the Open Society Foundations where they conducted research on the future of work, conservative political infrastructure, and a range of economic justice issues.”
Shawn Sebastian, the Center's field director for its Fed Up Campaign, was a fellow at the so called Anti-Corruption Unit of the Open Society Foundations' Justice Initiative.
Another Tax March organizer is the recently-formed Indivisible Project. In February, Breitbart News extensively reported that Indivisible leaders are openly associated with groups financed by Soros.
Leaders of January's Women's March coalition reportedly helped to organize the Tax March, which USA Today described as a “sequel” to the massive march. Buzzfeed took note of the comparison to the Women's March in a piece titled, “Progressives Want Tax Day To Be The Next Women's March Protest.”
Soros reportedly has ties to more than 50 “partners” of the Women's March. This journalist first reported on the march leaders' close associations with Soros.
Since Breitbart's probe in February, numerous other Soros-financed groups joined the march and are listed as “partners” on the group's website. The Soros-funded “partners” include Demos and Public Citizen, among others.
Meanwhile, at the protest itself, Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) called for Trump to be impeached.
“I don't respect this president. I don't trust this president. He's not working in the best interests of the American people,” complained Waters.
“I will fight every day until they are impeached,” they stated.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter.  They are a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow them on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow them on Facebook.
With research by Joshua Klein.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The US State Department has approved a $70 million sale of kits to the Netherlands that convert unguided artillery shells into precision weapons and a second deal for $110 million to support training for Dutch military pilots in the United States, the Defense Security Cooperation Agency announced in separate press releases.
"The Netherlands has requested to buy three thousand five hundred (3,500) M1156 Precision Guided Kits" and related items "for an estimated cost of $70 million, the first of two releases said on Tuesday.
The second release announced approval of a $110 million deal to support an existing Royal Netherlands Air Force training unit for F-16 pilots in the United States.
Both releases said the proposed sales support US foreign policy and national security goals by improving security for the Netherlands, a NATO ally that contributes to political stability in Europe.
Actress Arielle Kebbel is asking fans to help find their sister Julia Kebbel, who has been missing since Jan. 31 — the same day a fire broke out in their apartment.
The 32-year-old star, whose credits include unREAL, Ballers, and the upcoming film Fifty Shades Freed, issued a plea to help with the search on Instagram Saturday in the caption to a gallery that included a series of photos of Julia and their chocolate lab, Cindy.
Julia and Cindy were last seen together in Los Angeles' Silver Lake neighborhood around 11 p.m. Wednesday, Arielle said.
In their post, Arielle described Julia.
“She is 5'3″. Weighs about 105 pounds. Fair skin. Bleach blonde short hair. They have tattoos on both fore arms. They have a spiritual symbol with a key and the words promise on one forearm and a blue Phoenix rising on the other,” Arielle wrote, asking fans to scroll through pictures to see details.
The dog, named Cindy Crawford, is chipped. “If anyone finds the dog or has seen her, please let us know,” Arielle wrote.
Arielle also listed to Julia's Instagram and Twitter accounts so fans can see more photos of them
“If you have seen them or know anything about her, please DM me, contact the police or please call Dennis at 407-739-8991,” Arielle wrote. “Please share this info with anyone and everyone.”
MOSUL (Sputnik) — Federal police chief Lt. Gen. Raed Shaker Jawdat said the terrorist was killed by a missile strike in western Mosul.
The city of Mosul has been occupied by Daesh, outlawed in many countries, including Russia, since 2014. The operation to retake it began on October 17, 2016 and resulted in the liberation of Mosul's eastern part this January, but fighting continues in the city's western areas. The operation to liberate it started on February 19.
Philippines' first curated online wine marketplace continues its meteoric rise with new venture funding
Manila, Philippines — Winery Philippines (Winery.ph) announced today that it has raised a second round of funding from a consortium of HNW private investors, aiming to further accelerate sales and marketing activities and fund operational capacity to service its growing customer base and vendor partners. Although the exact valuation remains undisclosed, the latest deal places the company at a modest 7 digit USD valuation, tripling the company's value in less than a year after its initial round after beating its business case in the 4th quarter of 2017.
Launched in June 2017, Winery Philippines is a curated online wine marketplace that sells quality, value for money wines from boutique wine importers from around the world.
“Winery.ph is well positioned at the nexus of rapidly increasing consumer interest in wine and wine knowledge, the blistering rate of growth of e-commerce, and amidst a backdrop of strong macroeconomic growth – with the Philippines now trading places with China as the fastest growing economy in Asia,” said Chris Urbano, Founder and Managing Director at Winery Philippines. “While venture capital has poured into Chinese wine and spirits marketplaces over the past five years, smaller but promising markets like the Philippines are still off the radar for many investors. Our backers see the chance to establish early market leadership amidst thinner competition, higher margins and a small but profitable and fast growing segment,” they added.
Retail wine revenue in the Philippines amounts to US$300m and is expected to grow annually by 9%, up to $400m in 2021, with 3-5%, or $12m to $20m, estimated to be derived from online sales channels. High demand for wine is sustained by the growing number of middle- and higher-income consumers.
Winery Philippines is now pioneering the discovery of wine for the next five million Philippine wine drinkers. While in the past wine has been the purview of resident foreigners and a small, internationalised elite, rising incomes are seeing the start of a new generation of affluent consumers ready and able to purchase wine on a constant basis. “Winery.ph supports these customers in their wine journeys by providing digital buying experience centered around curation, content and community,” said Urbano.
Unlike other ecommerce sites, Winery Philippines differentiates itself through its world class digital content and curation approach designed to empower its customers to discover wine, by providing easy to digest product information that is contextualised for the Filipino wine drinker. In addition, the company has also launched Kavino Club, the first online wine subscription, allowing Philippine consumers to receive a curated range of 2, 3, or 6 bottles monthly at generous discounts, wine information cards, year-round freebies and perks.
Meanwhile, ecommerce is rapidly transforming the retail landscape in Asia where better choice, convenience and prices are winning customers over from traditional retail shopping.
“While an emerging wine market, there is already considerable and growing interest in learning about and drinking great wine in the Philippines,” said Urbano. “But the problem is that — Philippine wine drinkers at large don't have access to good quality wines and prices are often poor value for money compared to buying elsewhere due to the monopolised and high cost nature of retail distribution in the Philippines.”
Winery.ph is committed to democratising the category, making good wine affordable for more Filipinos, who can be put off by the prevailing high prices to ensure a quality bottle, or else resorting to cheap but mediocre options to avoid ‘selection risk'. Winery.ph by contrast does not list mass-produced, factory made wines, but instead focuses on lowering the prices of quality wines that might cost 10-20 USD abroad, and getting these to consumers in the Philippines for the same price.
On the supply side, Winery.ph is also enabling smaller boutique wine importers to take advantage of the opportunities in the fast growing ecommerce movement, providing these importers and distributors with high quality wine portfolios a viable, direct route to new customers.
Urbano emphasized that, “the high prevalence of distribution gatekeepers in the supermarket and hotel and restaurant scene limits the ability of smaller boutique quality wine importers to get their goods to market. Winery Philippines connects the many, smaller-scale wine importers who don't have the infrastructure to directly service consumers with people are looking to buy better range, quality wines.”
Through its marketplace model, the company has been able to rapidly grow an outstanding portfolio of quality and direct sourced wines from around the world, already covering wines from Australia, France, USA, Italy, Portugal, New Zealand and Chile — with more wine regions and varieties being added each month. “We're the next best thing to visiting a boutique winery abroad and finding a bottle you love. Not all Filipino consumers can afford to fly to the Napa Valley or Chianti once a year, so we bring the wineries to the Philippines instead.”
Winery.ph currently serves a majority of customers in Metro Manila, but is growing order volume from provincial areas and second tier cities where access to quality and value for money wine is even more limited than in the capital.
“Our goal is simple: to become the most trusted and popular destination for quality, value-for-money wines anywhere in the Philippines”
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) is calling on President Donald Trump to fire chief strategist Steve Bannon and “other alt-right white supremacist sympathizers.”
“The President's statement on Saturday was a direct reflection of the fact that their chief strategist, Steve Bannon, is an alt-right white supremacist sympathizer and a shameless enforcer of those un-American beliefs,” Pelosi said in the press release posted on their congressional website and tweeted out by journalists.
advertisement
Pelosi: If Trump "is sincere about rejecting white supremacists" they should fire Bannon & other "alt-right white supremacist sympathizers" pic.twitter.com/vCUW3SzheM — Sarah Mimms (@SarahMMimms) August 14, 2017
“In their long overdue statement today, President Trump called white supremacists ‘repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,'” Pelosi said. “If the President is sincere about rejecting white supremacists, they should remove all doubt by firing Steve Bannon and the other alt-right white supremacist sympathizers in the White House.”
In the press release, Pelosi claimed Trump “has sheltered and encouraged the forces of bigotry and discrimination” and that their initial remarks about the recent events in Virginia as being “well in line with the unmistakable conduct of their Administration toward immigrants, Muslims, and communities of color.”
“It shouldn't take the President of the United States two days to summon the basic decency to condemn murder and violence by Nazis and white supremacists,” Pelosi said.
This is not the first time that Democrats have made baseless attacks on Bannon and called for their firing.
In June, Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH) falsely accused Bannon of being anti-Semitic and was afterward criticized the the Zionist Organization of America, which supports Bannon.
In March, Breitbart News reported that MSNBC host Joe Scarborough sent a subtly coded message to an audience of one: President Donald Trump, you should fire Steve Bannon.
Scarborough had been on a tear against Bannon — a populist firebrand, top aide to the president, and former executive chairperson of Breitbart News. The Morning Joe talk show host, twice in the span of three minutes, summed up Bannon's political philosophy as “Leninist” — that is, wanting to “destroy the American republic.” This meme was based on a quote which Daily Beast author Ronald Radosh attributed to Bannon based on a conversation that the Radosh claims took place in 2013. Bannon said last year that they did not remember either meeting Radosh or having that conversation.
Even before Trump was elected and Bannon left Breitbart News to work for the campaign, presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's campaign manager Robby Mook disparaged Bannon and falsely labeled them anti-Semitic, among other false labels.
“Donald Trump has decided to double down on their most small, nasty, and divisive instincts by turning their campaign over to someone who is best known for running a so-called news site that peddles divisive, at times, racist, anti-Muslim, anti-Semitic, conspiracy theories,” Mook said.
But those who know and have worked with Bannon tell a different story.
Jeff Kwatinetz, founder of the Hollywood management company The Firm, has told the Hollywood Reporter that Bannon — their former partner — is “not a racist or anti-Semitic.”
In November, when Bannon was named a Trump adviser, Breitbart Senior Editor-at-large Joel Pollak wrote about Bannon from their time as colleagues at Breitbart News. Pollak, who is an Orthodox Jew, said:
It defies logic that a man who was a close friend, confidant, and adviser to the late Andrew Breitbart — a proud Jew — could have any negative feelings towards Jews. As I can testify from years of work together with Steve in close quarters, the opposite is the case: Steve is outraged by antisemitism. If anything, they are overly sensitive about it, and often takes offense on Jews' behalf. Steve cares deeply about the fate of Jewish communities in America and throughout the world, a fact that is reflected in Breitbart News' daily coverage. It was in that spirit that Steve joined Breitbart News CEO Larry Solov (also Jewish) in launching Breitbart Jerusalem last year, fulfilling Andrew's dream of opening a bureau in Israel specifically to cover the region from an unabashedly Zionist perspective.
And Bannon has spoken publicly about their views.
“I'm not a white nationalist, I'm a nationalist. I'm an economic nationalist,” they told Michael Wolff of the Hollywood Reporter. Likewise, they told Kimberly A. Strassel of the Wall Street Journal: “I've never been a supporter of ethno-nationalism.” Moreover, Bannon is an important figure in the Trump administration to those who helped elect the president. “More than any other member of Trump's orbit, the former media executive and radio host, known as a bare-knuckle political fighter, has a following all their own,” the Associated Press reported in April. “He is viewed by many in the conservative core as the ideological backbone in a White House run by a president who boasts of their flexibility.” “I think it's important to recognize the value of the base. It's important to recognize the base sees their advocate in Steve Bannon,” said Michael Caputo, a former Trump campaign adviser who has known the president for decades. “Mr. Bannon also has admirers, including Representative Mark Meadows, the North Carolina Republican and the chairperson of the House Freedom Caucus, who said that without Mr. Bannon, ‘there is a concern among conservatives that Washington, D.C., will influence the president in way that moves them away from those voters that put them in the White House,'” the New York Times reported. And Representative Steve King, Republican of Iowa and an immigration hard-liner, said that shoving out Mr. Bannon would leave conservatives ‘crushed.'”
Pelosi statement is a potential gift to Bannon – Trump won't want to be seen as reacting to pressure from Dems. — Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) August 14, 2017
On Saturday, Trump condemned violence and hate and called on unity of the American people in response to the protest.
We ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017
On Monday, Trump condemned specific groups in comments made at the White House.
“Racism is evil. And those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said in the Diplomatic Reception Room at the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the FBI Director Chris Wray about the incident.
Recent news:
Peril puts Herwart property loss at EUR252mn
Catrin Shi 11 December 2017
Catastrophe data aggregator Perils has estimated the property insured loss from Extratropical Cyclone Herwart as EUR252mn ($297mn).
Herwart caused significant damage in Germany and Austria on 29 October, with a top gust speed of 180 kmh recorded on the Feuerkogel Mountain in upper Austria.
Herwart caused strong gusts in Northern and Eastern Germany in the first half of the day, although the extreme winds only lasted two to three hours, Perils said.
Austria was hit by Herwart during the late...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
BBC Breakfast has started, but along with the two hosts one was also able to spot… a foot poking out from above the guests' sofa. Everyone present couldn't avoid having a good laugh after the funny detail surfaced.
READ MORE: UK Visa Issuance in St. Petersburg Not Under Threat, Despite Johnson's Statement
The shot was even posted on BBC Breakfast's official Twitter page:
Anyone wants to play a game of spot Tracey's feet? Our floor manager Tracey had to dive behind the sofa to avoid being on TV… pic.twitter.com/SMPN6nKtDu — BBC Breakfast (@BBCBreakfast) 19 марта 2018 г.
The floor manager Tracey appeared to have dived behind the sofa when they unexpectedly went on air.
Writing on their Twitter, anchor Dan Walker remarked: "The wonderful Tracey giving a whole new meaning to the job of 'Floor Manager'". And then came a ROFL smiley.
The wonderful Tracey giving a whole new meaning to the job of ‘Floor Manager' live on @BBCBreakfast this morning 🤣 pic.twitter.com/PLy5d9p0An — Dan Walker (@mrdanwalker) 19 марта 2018 г.
​
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
LONDON Here are four memorable matches between Middlesbrough and Burnley:
FA Cup, quarter-final, March 1 1947
Middlesbrough 1 Burnley 1
This post-war Cup tie was remembered more for the crowd than the game. The official attendance at Ayresome Park was 53,025, but another 5,000, including many who had travelled from East Lancashire, were left locked outside in the freezing weather.
The Evening Gazette in Teesside reported that Chief Constable Edwards placated the crowd outside by giving a running report of the game through the main gates but inside there were complaints of dangerous over-crowding. "The failure to close the gates before 53,000 had secured admission was criminal. It was a miracle there was not a serious accident," one Boro fan wrote in a letter to the paper.
On the field, Geoff Walker put the home side ahead just before the break but Burnley equalised through Welsh international inside forward Billy Morris. Burnley won the replay 1-0 on their way to the final where they lost to Charlton Athletic.
Football League Division Two (now Championship), November 4 1972
Middlesbrough 3 Burnley 3
A game between two teams pushing for promotion and still remembered in Burnley for a late comeback to earn a point on the way to the title. Although the Teesiders finished the campaign behind Burnley in fourth place, they were the better team on the day.
Burnley took the lead in the 21st minute through Colin Waldron but 15 minutes later the home side drew level with a David Mills header. After the interval, Northern Ireland international Eric McMordie got on the end of a long ball from John Craggs to put Boro in front.
The Clarets looked set for their first defeat of the season when John Hickton headed Middlesbrough into a 3-1 lead in the 78th minute. But with ten minutes left, Burnley forward Paul Fletcher headed home a Dougie Collins cross.
Burnley threw men forward in a desperate search for an equaliser eventually achieved by Martin Dobson's thundering header. The England international was the hero at a ground where they had previously broken a leg and, in another game, scored an own goal in a 1-0 loss.
Dec 18, 1994 Football League Division One
Burnley 0 Middlesbrough 3
Scottish striker John Hendrie scored all three goals for Boro at Turf Moor as they marched on to the title and promotion to the top flight.
It was Middlesbrough's final season at Ayresome Park before their move to the Riverside Stadium and Hendrie was to score the last two goals at the old home.
With former Manchester United and England captain Bryan Robson as manager, Middlesbrough stormed back into the top tier after a two-year absence and this emphatic win was a sign of just how good Robson's side were.
Hendrie finished top scorer that season with 15 goals. Curiously, their son Luke is currently on Burnley's books, on loan at Scottish club Kilmarnock this season.
April 19, 2016, Football League Championship
Burnley 1 Middlesbrough 1
This game remains fresh in the memory for both teams after their neck-and-neck tussle for promotion last season. Boro went into the game two points ahead of Burnley and, after a tight battle, former Blackburn striker Jordan Rhodes put the visitors ahead from close range in the 70th minute.
A crucial three points -- and massive morale booster -- looked to be heading the way of Aitor Karanka's team but in the second minute of injury time, Burnley defender Michael Keane forced home a corner and extended Burnley's unbeaten run to 20 games.
Both teams went on to win promotion with Burnley going up as champions and, while Karanka has not survived as manager, most of the participants from this game will play at the Riverside on Saturday.
(Reporting by Simon Evans, editing by Neil Robinson)
I love to entertain during the holidays. Most years, I host a Christmas party for my friends and neighbors, and my favorite part of the party planning is creating the perfect menu.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The WINONA TIMES and The CONSERVATIVE.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://winonatimes.com/user/login
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://winonatimes.com/existing-subscribers
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
ABIDJAN May 3 Ivory Coast has selected five international banks to manage a Eurobond issue planned for some time in the second quarter of this year, two banking sources familiar with the deal said on Wednesday.
The sources did not name the banks involved and it was not initially clear what amount Ivory Coast, the world's top cocoa producer, was targeting for the deal. It last went to international markets in February 2015 with a $1 billion bond that matures in March 2028. (Reporting by Joe Bavier and Sudip Roy; Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg)
International monitors say Turkey's referendum campaign was carried out on an "unlevel playing field".
The country narrowly voted to grant President Erdoğan extra powers, which include being able to introduce new laws without going through parliament.
But he's rejecting the criticisms from independent election observers.
'No' voter Ibrahim Yasar's not happy with the result:
People were always coming up to my kids on the street when they were small, remarking to me how adorable they were and exclaiming, “That's such a cute age!”
I never knew what this expression meant until they were teenagers, and then I understood. Because teenager-hood was decidedly NOT a cute age.
Unless you consider sudden mood swings, door slamming, extreme self-centeredness, obsession with staring at phones, erratic driving, refusal to acknowledge your presence and inability to tolerate your touch to be adorable attributes. Call me crazy, but did not.
For the sake of my children's privacy, I often didn't share with you in this column the darker days of their teenage years, even though I would have liked to, knowing that lots of you out there were suffering, too. This led to many, many people telling me things like, “You're such a good mother,” which they only said because they didn't know the truth.
For example, Curly Girl ran away from home twice for months at a time. I won't get into all the reasons why, but let's just say that it wasn't a joyful season. Happily, that's behind us.
And, even now, every time I drive past our local courthouse, I point out to my now-young-adult-children that I am far too well acquainted with its inner workings. I know where the coffee shop is. And the snack bar. And the bathroom. Even though I've never been arrested.
“Some parents make it through their entire lives without coming into contact with the juvenile justice system,” I'll point out to them, as we cruise past the Temple of Justice, thinking of most of my friends, whose children's biggest dilemmas are generally which fine university they should attend, or what kind of car their parents should buy them.
“Yeah, well that's not us,” my kids always remark, smirking, as the courthouse fades into the distance behind us. And I have to agree with that.
Amazingly, though, I have now lived through the worst of the Teenage Years, and I'm here to tell you: There is hope. You, too, will probably survive.
Now that they're young adults, I can share 11 benefits for allowing teenagers to live.
1 You always have a designated driver on call when you go out for margarita night with the girls.
2. Someday they may give you grandchildren which – as the joke goes – are God's reward for not strangling them when they were young.
3. There's always someone to explain the latest slang to you, so you don't embarrass yourself by using expressions like, “Come over and let's Netflix and chill” to your neighbor. (Netflix and chill means watching a movie and having sex.)
4. You never have to be frustrated using your phone for more than nine seconds, because your kid will snatch it out of your hand, roll their eyes, and solve whatever problem was causing your aggravation as if he'd spent a lifetime working for a mobile phone company.
5. There's a young, strong person around to do yard work for you, and you don't have to pay them.
6. They stop buying you dollar store perfume for holiday gifts, because their tastes have now matured to the expensive brands for themselves.
7. You always know all the latest gossip about celebrities you never heard of like Selena Gomez, Kendall Jenner and Justin Bieber. Who knew that Selena Gomez had a kidney transplant? They did. You can also point to any mystifying magazine cover in line at the grocery store and say, “Who on earth is that?” and they will know.
8. They can use YouTube videos to fix anything in your house. The interior door handle on my 2001 Toyota Corolla broke. Instead of spending $150 to get it fixed at the dealer, I ordered a $5.99 part online (thanks to the reader who tipped me off to this ) and my son, Cheetah Boy, watched a video on how to fix it. It took them three minutes.
9. Computers are not mystifying and terrifying objects to them. They are machines in the service of Man. “Come here, my computer is doing this,” I will often implore any young adult who makes the mistake of walking by. After having to listen to a sigh and “Oh, mom,” they will solve my issue with a couple of clicks.
10. They will find things. One day I could not find my car keys to save my life. I searched and searched and was beginning to panic. Finally, Curly Girl – who we call “The Finder” around our house for their amazing powers – walked in the door and I blurted out, “Thank heavens! Have you seen my car keys? I can't find them anywhere.” They looked at me and said, “Have you checked your bra?” I stuck my hand near my heart and, oops, there were the keys. They just gave me the look and walked away.
11. You are forced to listen to music that was created after 1974. And, surprisingly, some of it is actually good.
Now, my friends who started this child-rearing thing before I did warn me that you never stop worrying about them, even when they're old. But, frankly, that's a small price to pay to have someone around who will fix my phone without having to stand in line at the Apple Store.
And, sometimes, they're even fun to be around.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The most recent round of renegotiations on the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) has hit an intense stage and is showing progress, Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs Chrystia Freeland told reporters.
"We have had some very energetic and productive conversations," Freeland said on Tuesday as quoted by Radio Canada International. "We are certainly in a more intense period of negotiations, and we are making good progress."
© AP Photo / Marco Ugarte Mexico's FM Says 'Unacceptable' for US to Tie Mexico's Immigration Policies to NAFTA
Freeland and their counterparts, US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer and Mexico's Secretary of Economy Ildefonso Guajardo Villarreal touched on the "finest details on auto origin," which has been a critical part of the negotiations, the report said.
The United States, Canada and Mexico have been negotiating an update of NAFTA since 2017. The talks were launched amid US President Donald Trump's claims that NAFTA is unprofitable for the United States and their threats to withdraw the country from the agreement if the deal is not updated.
The NAFTA agreement has been in force since 1994.
Global Flat Steel Market: Snapshot
The rapid increase in infrastructural development in Asia Pacific due to rapid urbanization and industrialization is working in favor of the global flat steel market. The construction industry in countries such as India, China, and South Korea have registered phenomenal growth over the past few years. Since flat-rolled products are extensively used in the construction of cladding, internal walls, and purlins, the expansion of the construction sector is translating into the greater uptake of flat steel. Moreover, the growing investments in the infrastructure sector and increasing stringency on iron-ore mining several countries are expected to augment the market over the coming years.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/flat-steel-market.html
Flat steel finds applications across various end-use verticals, including automobile and transportation, building and infrastructure, packaging, consumer goods, and defense. There will be a strong demand for flat steel in building and infrastructure worldwide. It is used in the construction of railway tracks, bridges, roads, factories, buildings, and other engineering structures. The rising awareness regarding the merits of flat steel such as high durability, strength, and design flexibility and low construction and maintenance cost is driving its adoption across various verticals.
The global flat steel market is dominated by a handful of international players. However, the emergence of new suppliers is resulting in the decline in their shares as well as the intensification of competition. Rapid technological advancements and changing consumer preferences are prompting market players to look for new applications of flat steel.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22274
Flat steel is steel manufactured in a sheet form by melting and rolling. It can be produced in different formats such as plates and strips. The basic method of producing flat steel is passing rectangular-shaped steel through flat rollers. Rollers are rotated in opposite directions and steel is fed through them. The produced steel does not have grooved or cut faces but has flat faces coated with zinc to inhibit corrosion. Heavy plates, hot-rolled coils, slabs, and coated steel are some of the flat steel products. However, heavy plates are produced using a press and the process is known as forming, rather than rolling. Rollers are often heated and lubricated to facilitate the passage of metal from the work piece.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
× 2 killed in SUV, semi collision on Pacific Highway in Milton
MILTON, Wash. — Two people were killed in a collision involving their SUV and a tractor-trailer on Pacific Highway East in Milton Wednesday afternoon, Milton police said.
A spokesperson said an elderly couple from Fox Island were driving to visit some family when the accident occurred.
Fife Police officers were the first to respond and found both people in the Honda SUV unconscious. They were rushed to the hospital, where they later died.
The driver of the semi was taken to the hospital for evaluation, police said.
The cause is still under investigation, Milton Police said.
AUSTIN, Texas — A student at a middle school in Texas paid a stripper to visit campus on Thursday, school administrators confirmed to the American-Statesman.
According to the paper, the woman went went to the provided address around 11:30 a.m. on Thursday. When they arrived and discovered it was Grisham Middle School, they called the front office and explained what happened.
According to Jenny LaCoste-Caputo, a spokesperson for Round Rock Independent School District, the woman did not enter the school.
The student used their cell phone to call the stripper and paid for the services using their parent's credit card, according to CBS Austin.
School officials said the student is facing “disciplinary action.”
In an email sent to parents and obtained by the American-Statesman, Principal Paige Hadziselimovic explained what happened on Thursday:
“Our staff handled the situation with the utmost decorum and professionalism. While regrettable, the incident had no negative impact on any students, other than the student who is responsible.”
Pick n Pay has piloted a compostable bag in Cape Town in an effort to move away from the use of plastic bags. Photo: File
Pick n Pay, in an effort to move away from single-use plastic carrier bags, has piloted a compostable bag at its V&A Waterfront store, which will determine further industry discussions on alternatives to plastic bags.
2. Two Dep. of Energy officials got R2,6m in paid suspension - Radebe
The Minister of Energy, Jeff Radebe, has revealed to Parliament that that two senior officials in their department have been paid R2,6 million in close to a year of paid suspension.
.
Tourism KwaZulu-Natal (TKZN) wants to ultimately position the Vodacom Durban July (VDJ) on the same level as other global top racing like the US's Kentucky Derby, Australia's Melbourne Cup and the Dubai Cup.
4. Struggling Eskom considers layoffs of workers - report
Cash-strapped state-owned enterprise Eskom is considering requestion extensions on debts and laying off around 15 000 workers.
5. Sassa to fight Grindrod bank in court over excessive bank charges
The South African Social Security Agency and Grindrod Bank are set to battle it out in court over the bank's decision to increase banks charges 40% in order for Sassa beneficiaries to access their funds.
Cape Town is fast becoming the tech hub of Africa, Viresh Harduth, Sage's vice president, NCA (new customer acquisition for small and medium businesses) for Africa and Middle East said on Tuesday.
Whiskey, like a beautiful woman, demands appreciation, goes an old adage which is proving true for many South African whiskey lovers as US whiskey imports to the country grew to over US$10m last year.
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE
Good morning. This is all the latest business news that you need to know today.
Former FBI Director James Comey conceded in their recently released memoir that when the FBI launched its investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server the agency did not believe career prosecutors at the Justice Department would move on the case.
In the controversial book, titled A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership, Comey claims that the FBI was not “going to prejudge the result.” Yet, they immediately admits that they did just that.
Comey writes:
So although we were not going to prejudge the result, we started the Clinton investigation aware that it was unlikely to be a case that the career prosecutors at the Department of Justice would prosecute. That might change, of course, if we could find a smoking-gun email where someone in government told Secretary Clinton not to do what they were doing, or if we could prove they obstructed justice, or if she, like Petraeus, lied to us during an interview.
Comey's justification for pre-judging the Clinton email case was to compare them to General David Petraeus, who pleaded guilty to one charge of mishandling classified information after they were accused of providing classified material to their official biographer while they served as CIA director.
Comey writes:
Despite the endless drumbeat in the conservative media, filled with exaggerated scandals and breathless revelations of little practical import, Hillary Clinton's case, at least as far as we knew at the start, did not appear to come anywhere near General Petraeus's in the volume and classification level of the material mishandled. Although they seemed to be using an unclassified system for some classified topics, everyone they emailed appeared to have both the appropriate clearance and a legitimate need to know the information.
Comey does not explain how the FBI could know at the start of its probe that Clinton's case did not “come anywhere near General Petraeus's.”
Comey made similar claims in their interview with ABC News' chief anchor George Stephanopoulos ahead of the release of their memoir last week.
During the interview, Comey stated:
They'll prosecute cases like David Petraeus'. But they're very unlikely to prosecute a case unless you can show the person, like Petraeus, clearly knew they were doing something they shouldn't do. There's evidence of obstruction of justice or disloyalty to the United States, spy — indications. But without those, sloppiness, even extreme sloppiness, is handled through administrative discipline. Somebody is not prosecuted. And I've gone through 50 years of cases. I don't know of a case where anyone has ever been prosecuted for just being careless, even extremely careless. And so when the case was open, we know that history. And so the investigators knew that, unless they found something that was a smoking gun, where someone told Secretary Clinton, “You know, you shouldn't be doing this,” or where they acknowledged it or where somehow there's an indication of them obstructing justice, the case was unlikely to be prosecuted.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter.  They are a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow them on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow them on Facebook.
Written with research by Joshua Klein.
White House press secretary Sarah Sanders ripped the media for their “double standard” and “hypocrisy” over their reaction to the Roseanne show getting canceled after the show's star Roseanne Barr insulted former Barack Obama senior adviser Valerie Jarrett.
Bob Iger, the CEO of Disney – parent company of ABC News and ESPN – personally phoned Jarrett to apologize for Barr's comments.
When asked about the topic during the White House Press Briefing, Sanders replied:
Where was the Bob Iger's apology to the White House staff for Jemele Hill calling the president and anyone associated with them a white supremacist? To Christians around the world for Joy Behar calling Christianity a mental illness? Where was the apology for Kathy Griffin going on a profane rant against the president on “The View” after a photo showed them holding the President Trump's decapitated head? And where was the apology from Bob Iger for ESPN hiring Keith Olbermann after their numerous expletive-laced tweets attacking the president as a Nazi and even expanding Olbermann's role after that attack against the president's family?
Sanders denied that Trump was implicitly defending Roseanne Barr's comments about Jarrett when posting a message on Twitter about the controversy.
“Nobody is defending their comments, they are inappropriate,” they affirmed.
Sanders criticized two unnamed television news stations for focusing on “palace intrigue” stories instead of airing Trump's signing of the “Right to Try” legislation for Americans with terminal illnesses.
The U.S. Census Bureau says one in five Americans live with a disability.
The 33rd Pacific Rim International Conference on Disability and Diversity is next Wednesday at Hilton Hawaiian Village.
Patricia Morrissey is director of the UH Center on Disability Studies.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
The Alaska Marine Highway System began taking summer season reservations Monday.
The schedule covers May through September 2018. It lists pretty much the same routes and port calls as this year's summer season.
Ferry spokesperson Aurah Landau said the schedule hasn't changed a lot since a draft version was released for comment in October. But it details plans for Prince William Sound sailings that weren't listed before.
“That was left blank due to budget questions,” Landau said. “And we heard from Cordova that they really wanted service there and we were always planning to give them service. But then this new schedule documents how this service will happen.”
Reservations can be made through FerryAlaska.com or by calling 1-800-642-0066. They also can be made at any ferry terminal during open hours.
The schedule is based on a spending plan that the Legislature could change. If the budget is cut, officials say reductions will most likely hit next winter's schedule.
Mechanical problems sometimes disrupt ferry service.
No one can predict all breakdowns. But Landau said the fleet's in pretty good shape right now.
“We haven't seen any repair issues since the draft has come out and we don't anticipate any repair issues changing the schedule. Most of the boats have been in long overhauls recently, so we're looking like we'll be in pretty good shape for the summer,” they said.
The current year's schedule shifted after the ferry Columbia struck an unknown submerged object. It resumed sailing at the end of October.
And this winter's schedule has been reduced because the ferry Malaspina needs extra repairs. Sailings to and from Prince Rupert will be canceled for two months beginning Dec. 22.
Leader of Indonesia's Aceh province arrested in graft sting
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — Indonesia's anti-graft commission has arrested the governor of conservative Aceh province on suspicion of receiving bribes.
Febri Diansyah, spokesperson of the Corruption Eradication Commission, says Irwandi Yusuf was among 10 people arrested Tuesday evening in separate locations in Aceh.
Investigators seized about 500 million rupiah ($35,000) in cash.
Yusuf, a former leader of the rebel Free Aceh Movement, was elected governor for a second time in 2017.
They were flown Wednesday morning to the Indonesian capital and taken to the headquarters of the anti-graft commission.
Aceh is the only province in Muslim-majority Indonesia governed by Islamic Shariah law.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) — Police in an Ohio city say unseasonably warm weather might have contributed to a spike in killings.
The Blade reports (http://bit.ly/2pp0h4l ) that Toledo has had 14 homicides in the first three months of the year, the highest number in at least 20 years.
Police say homicides are less common in winter months. Lt. Joe Heffernan, a spokesperson for Toledo Police, says warm weather creates more opportunities for conflict.
Over the past seven years the city has averaged five killings in the first three months of the year. Before this year; the highest total the newspaper could find in its records was 11, in 2004.
Heffernan said drugs appear to be a factor in more killings this year as well.
___
Information from: The Blade, http://www.toledoblade.com/
(Reuters) - Tottenham Hotspur must replicate the form they displayed to outclass Manchester United in midweek if they are to get past an in-form Liverpool at Anfield in the Premier League on Sunday, striker Harry Kane said.
Tottenham produced a dominant display to beat United 2-0 at Wembley on Wednesday, scoring through midfielder Christian Eriksen on 11 seconds before United defender Phil Jones turned Kieran Trippier's cross into their own net on the hour mark.
Kane said the fifth-placed London club cannot let their guard down against Liverpool, after suffering a 2-0 defeat in the corresponding fixture last season.
“We have got to put in the same performance as we did against United,” Tottenham's top scorer Kane said.
”Liverpool are a strong team, especially at home when they are on the attack. They have some fast players and last season we didn't cope with that very well.
“We were poor throughout the whole team, but we can take confidence from the United game. This is the kind of performance we need to produce against the big teams both at home and away.”
Tottenham beat Juergen Klopp's side 4-1 when the two teams met earlier this season but third-placed Liverpool are a tougher prospect at home, where they are unbeaten in 14 league matches.
“We played well against Liverpool at Wembley so we have to go to Anfield full of confidence,” Kane added.
Midfielder Lucas Moura, Tottenham's new signing from French club Paris St Germain, watched on as the London club beat United and Kane said they were looking forward to seeing what the Brazilian brings to the table.
“Hopefully they can fit right in and when they get an opportunity, they take it,” Kane said. “There is no rush and it will keep everyone on their toes. He's done some amazing stuff for PSG so we are excited to see what can happen.”
KAGISO Rabada could today learn whether they will play in the third Test following a marathon six-hour appeal hearing last night in Cape Town.
The ICC's Judicial Commissioner — Wellington based — Michael Heron QC didn't wrap up proceedings on video link until 2am New Zealand time (1am AEDT) in an epic session that meant Rabada was late to training with teammates on Monday.
Rabada, South African captain Faf du Plessis, respected advocate Dali Mpofu and team management entered a room around 9am local time (6pm AEDT) in South Africa and didn't emerge until the midafternoon.
Match referee Jeff Crowe, who charged Rabada with making avoidable and inappropriate contact with Steve Smith during the second Test in Port Elizabeth, phoned in via video link, as did the umpires from that match.
Heron has 48 hours to hand down their decision which will determine whether Rabada's series-ending suspension stands or if they will be cleared to make a stunning appearance in the pivotal third Test starting on Thursday.
South Africa team manager Mohammed Moosajee said the Proteas were satisfied with the hearing and now await a verdict.
“It's been a marathon session. But now it sits with the ICC and we have to wait for the outcome,” they said.
“I think in any hearing you've got to be as happy as you can be, we've put our side of the story across and now it's up to the Judicial Commissioner to make a stand on what they think.
“The merits of the case we can't really talk about because it sits with the Judicial Commissioner at the moment. So until the ruling is made it would be impractical for us to say anything.”
Camera Icon The South Africans celebrate after Kagiso Rabada took the wicket of Steve Smith on day one of the second Test. Picture: AFP
Rabada will train again today unless they hear definitively that he's been ruled out of the Test.
“Most definitely, most definitely. That's one thing for sure,” said Moosajee.
“We've said it from the beginning. They need to make sure they plan as if he's going to play.”
South Africa trained at Newlands without Rabada for a large portion of the session and claim it's been business as usual.
“We haven't even spoke about it since we got together today,” said opener Dean Elgar.
“We as players are trying to isolate ourselves away from that situation. We know as players we don't have an influence with regards to what's happened in the hearing or what can possibly happen.
“But it would be nice to put it behind us now. There has been so much noise and people have actually forgotten there's such a great Test series happening between two extremely strong and competitive teams.
“It's such a pity that all this backroom noise is actually hindering what is a quite exciting Test series.
Camera Icon Kagiso Rabada would be a huge loss to the South African team. Picture: Getty Images
“Whatever happens we just put it behind us and whether KG is playing in the third Test or not it's out of our hands and hopefully we can put this behind us an carry on playing cricket.”
Elgar said it would be a huge turning point in the series if Rabada beat their suspension.
“Having them in the side is massive for us. I think it's massive for the game, it's massive for the format, because KG is an extremely special cricketer,” said Elgar.
“But we do know there are rules that are implemented for certain incidents in the game and we as cricketers respect that. If he's good to go for the third Test it would be awesome for us and awesome for the game.”
Borussia Dortmund defender Marc Bartra said they are "doing much better" after suffering a wrist and arm injury when the team bus was attacked with explosives on Tuesday shortly before the start of the Champions League clash with AS Monaco.
Bartra, who joined Dortmund for 8 million euros ($8.49 million) from Barcelona at the start of the season, was operated on for a broken wrist and shrapnel in their arm.
"Hello everybody! As you can see I am doing much better," the 26-year-old Spanish international wrote on Instagram.
The accompanying photo showed Bartra bandaged up most of their right arm and around their left wrist. They were giving the thumbs-up sign.
"Thank you everybody for all your support and your messages! All my strength to my teammates, supporters and fans and to @bvb09 for tonight's match!"
The match is rescheduled for later on Wednesday at Dortmund's Signa Iduna Park.
($1 = 0.9423 euros)
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Most experts remain optimistic about Bitcoin's market price in 2018, while some claim it will decline as the cryptocurrency faces new challenges and regulations.
Last year was so-far the most successful for Bitcoin, with its market price skyrocketing from roughly $1,000 to $20,000 per coin at its peak. 2018, on the contrary, has been off to a rough start, as the cryptocurrency lost almost half its value.
According to most of the experts interviewed by the International Business Times (IBT), the market price for Bitcoin will partially restore after a dramatic decline, with an average predicted value of $14,000. Some optimists even go as far as to say Bitcoin can reach $50,000 in value in 2018, like Spencer Bogart, partner at Blockchain Capital, who told CNBC that institutional investors may play a key role in its future.
READ MORE: Bitcoin Falls Below $10,000 for Second Time in January
Some of them point out, though, that Bitcoin is not merely a financial instrument, but also an ambitious project that, according to Jeremy Epstein, CEO of Never Stop Marketing, “will impact how society operates going forward.” Matthew Peterson, chief marketing officer at Jive Communications, adds that in the future, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will drastically change their roles:
“…cryptocurrencies are revolutionary ideas that are currently camouflaged in get-rich quick schemes. Once the initial speculative state dies down a bit and we start to see real improvements in people lives (faster transactions, safer wealth storage, automated contracts, etc) […] we are seeing the beginning of a better […] financial system for the people of the world,” says Matthew in their interview with IBT.
However, some experts are less optimistic, pointing out that Bitcoin will have to work on its legitimacy next year and it'll take some time to regain the trust of buyers after drastic and sudden drops in its value. Others predict upcoming problems with governmental regulations and difficulties, underlying the technology behind Bitcoin.
READ MORE: Bitcoin Plunges to $8,155 on Track for Worst Week Since 2013
The lowest forecast for Bitcoin's price has so-far been from Joshua Gordon-Blake, vice president of global partnerships at Pangea Money Transfer, who claimed in their interview with IBT that the popular cryptocurrency will drop to $900 per coin in the current quarter. At the end of January, David Garrity, chief executive officer at GVA Research LLC, gave Bloomberg a more moderately pessimistic scenario for the Bitcoin — $5,000.
Bitcoin has recently fallen below the psychologically significant threshold of $9,000 and has thus-far not recovered.
Last night's Carthage vs Henderson football game, took a dangerous turn when a 12-year-old Carthage player went into cardiac arrest during halftime. Athletic trainer Colby Barron, along with Henderson firefighters quickly administered care.
We immediately knew that something wasn't good, the kid wasn't breathing so we called 911 we sent for the AED,” says Barron. “We got the kid's pads off and immediately put the AED on them and unfortunately it had to shock him, the fire captain began CPR and luckily you know the kid began to breathe on their own again.”
Barron says having the AED or Automated External Defibrillator on hand was a must in this situation.
“If we hadn't had the AED last night we could have had a different outcome,” says Barron.
An AED recognizes an abnormal rhythm in the heart and then shocks the heart to get it back into rhythm. Henderson Fire Captain Mark Marsh says it's a lifesaving tool.
“It's an automated device and it's a very simple device so not only first responders but anybody can use it,” says Marsh.
Carthage ISD says the injured student, who was flown from the field to Shreveport Medical Center had an enlarged heart — a pre-existing condition.
Most of the time you don't know when there could be a pre-existing condition, there's not really any test that they do to recognize those,” Says Barron. “They answer a questionnaire on their physical and check yes or no but you know that's really the only thing that most people get done they don't get an EKG they don't get any heart test it's not required to get those.”
Barron says the reason the tests aren't required is probably due to the high cost but adds that the value of that information out ways the price.
Barron added that, “It could be beneficial if you can recognize one to two to three kids each year they may have a pre-existing condition and you save one life one would day the test is well worth it”
Carthage ISD says the student is still in the hospital in Shreveport where they will be held for a few days for testing. Depending on the results, they may be taken to a medical center in Dallas.
Related: 12-year-old collapses on field during Henderson vs. Carthage game, revived by AED device
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
The halos protect drivers from flying debris following the fatal crashes of Jules Bianchi at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix and Justin Wilson in an IndyCar race in 2015
Published 11:41 AM, March 20, 2018
MELBOURNE, Australia – It's the most controversial Formula One introduction since the 2016 qualifying elimination clock, but unlike that ill-fated change the halo should last more than two races.
The new cockpit head protection system, to give it its full name, is highly divisive: team principals, drivers and fans are split over whether it is the right safety solution when the new grand prix season roars into life in Melbourne this week.
After years of research and development, the FIA settled on the halo – a thong-like titanium and carbon fiber structure above the cockpit – to protect drivers from flying debris following the fatal crashes of Jules Bianchi at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix and Justin Wilson in an IndyCar race in the US the following year.
Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff is firmly among the halo haters. "If you give me a chainsaw I would take it off," they said at the launch of the team's 2018 car last month.
"I think we need to look after the driver's safety, but we need to come up with a solution that simply looks better," they added.
Motor racing purists are aghast because they say grand prix racing is supposed to be an open-cockpit formula; other fans moan it is just plain ugly; some drivers have said it restricts vision.
'It's just a big mess'
World champion Lewis Hamilton doesn't like the halo's looks but said: "We have known for some time it was coming and I think after a few races we will forget it is even there."
But Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo complained it makes cockpit access difficult – the Williams team even resorted to stepladders at pre-season testing to help drivers get in and out of their cars.
Toro Rosso driver Pierre Gasly said they had ripped several race suits. "I don't like it. It's just a big mess to get in the car and get out," they said.
Haas pilot Kevin Magnussen also can't stand it. "It's difficult to get into the car, difficult to get out of the car, difficult to get the steering wheel on and off, just awkward and annoying," they said.
But not all drivers are against the innovation. "It's going to save lives, no doubt," said Williams' Canadian teenager Lance Stroll.
And two-time world champion Fernando Alonso believes there "should not be any debate" over a measure that improves safety.
The president of governing body FIA Jean Todt said that if the halo saves one life it will be worth it.
"Last year we had 42 fatalities in motor racing. It's unacceptable," Todt told reporters in London last week.
"Can you imagine how we would all feel if something happened and if we had had the halo it would not have happened?"
'Aesthetics aren't the best'
At least the halo has been well researched, unlike the last rule change to cause as much controversy.
At the 2016 Australian Grand Prix, with barely two weeks' notice, former F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone introduced a new qualifying system which saw the slowest car being eliminated every 90 seconds, in a bid to bring more edge-of-the-seat action for fans.
It did the opposite, resulting in an empty track for much of qualifying, and was scrapped after just two races.
The halo should last the season at least, but Todt offered some crumbs of comfort to those who can't stand the sight of what resembles a bent scaffolding pole above the driver's head.
"If we are able to find something better, I am sure we will be able to over the years," said Todt.
Alonso agreed: "Aesthetics aren't the best at the moment, and in the future I'm sure that the sport and the teams will find a way to make it a little bit nicer." – Rappler.com
Boris Becker believes Maria Sharapova has paid their dues and deserves a second chance when they return to tennis in April at the end of their 15-month doping ban.
Sharapova, a five-time grand slam champion, failed a dope test for the drug meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open and was suspended for two years by the International Tennis Federation (ITF).
The Russian's ban was then cut by nine months by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) last October, meaning the Russian is free to return from April 26.
Becker, a three-times Wimbledon champion, said it was right that Sharapova was allowed to return to the sport and hopes their comeback will not cause problems in the locker room.
“In principal I am all for a second chance,” Becker told Reuters at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monaco.
“She (Sharapova) paid their dues, they were suspended for quite a long time. I don't know about the reaction of the other players, it's up to them.
“Everyone has their own choice. Hopefully the atmosphere (inside the locker room) will be good. We can move on and have good women's champions.”
Sharapova, 29, had called the ITF's original ruling “unfairly harsh” because they had not intentionally violated anti-doping rules.
Meldonium was added to the World Anti-Doping Agency list of banned substances only at the start of 2016 after mounting evidence it boosted blood flow and enhanced performance.
CAS cut Sharapova's suspension but said they “bore some degree of fault” by relying on agent Max Eisenbud to check the banned list for changes and failing to ensure they had done so.
Despite Sharapova's suspension, Becker feels tennis is a clean sport and that the testing system works.
“I think most tennis players are responsible. If you see in the men's side there is no one inside the top 100 (that isn't clean) and in the women's side — I think Maria is the exception — all of the other tennis players are clean,” they said.
“Tennis is an Olympic sport so the tests are very severe and strong and the penalties are strong. I think the system works. Maybe it speaks volumes of the system because a high-profile player like Sharapova was caught.”
German Becker coached current world number two Novak Djokovic for three years until the pair split in December.
From Bruni's New York Times column titled “Steve Bannon Was Doomed”:
If you're any student of politics, you saw Steve Bannon on the cover of Time magazine in early February — “The Great Manipulator,” it called them — and knew to start the countdown then.
Dead strategist walking.
He'd crossed the line that a politician's advisers mustn't, to a place and prominence where only the most foolish of them tread. Or at best he'd failed to prevent the media from tugging them there.
They were fine so long as they were a whisperer. On the campaign trail and on the Potomac, you can whisper all you want.
They were damned the moment they were cast as a puppeteer. That means there's a puppet in the equation, and no politician is going to accept that designation, least of all one who stamps their name in gold on anything that stands still long enough to be stamped. Or whose debate performance included the repartee: “No puppet, no puppet. You're the puppet.”
…
Politics is a tricky business, Washington is a treacherous place and Trumplandia is downright brutal. In all three realms, you have to strike the right balance of self-promotion and self-effacement. The media's no help: We love few archetypes better than that of the brilliant mastermind who's the real power behind the throne. But the savviest operators find ways to resist that assignment, deflecting as much credit as they claim.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
MALCOLM Turnbull has held strategic trade and security meetings in Brussels with European Union President Jean-Claude Juncker and NATO secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg.
EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom also attended talks as the Prime Minister ramps up pressure for a free-trade agreement with Europe.
It is understood the meeting was positive, pointing to negotiations to start proper.
They agreed on the mutual benefits of an ambitious trade deal and the importance of free trade.
Camera Icon Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull meets with Secretary-general of NATO Jens Stoltenberg at NATO headquarters in Brussels. Picture: AAP
It is believed the leaders noted disturbing signs of protectionism and that old friends like Australia and the EU should stick together.
Mr Stoltenberg and Mr Turnbull held high-level talks about security in Russia, North Korea and the Middle East.
Mr Stoltenberg said NATO and Australia had been allies in the Middle East, where NATO is launching a new training mission in Iraq in July.
“This could be another area where NATO and Australia could join forces,” Mr Stoltenberg said.
“More than at any time since the end of the Cold War, NATO is central to that task of maintaining the security and compliance to rule of law that is the foundation of our freedom,” Mr Turnbull said.
US citizens who have somehow illegally managed to avoid filing or paying taxes, as well as those who are in default of payments and fines, may now be forced to go underground, as private bounty-hunters in the form of roving tax collectors will now be despatched by four companies contracted by the IRS to track them down.
If you are only a little bit behind, however, do not start packing your bags just yet, as the IRS will currently only be sending warning letters at the pace of a few hundred each week, and only to those whose bills have been overdue for years, according to local Houston, Texas, ABC affiliate KTRK.
Those numbers could grow considerably, however, as the IRS seeks to ramp up to sending thousands of warning letters on a weekly basis following a requirement by the US Congress to mandate private-sector debt collection as a means of funding road infrastructure; part of the 2015 Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act, according to NBC.
Rank and file employees at the IRS are less than happy, as the move is thought likely to result in "collection agents getting paid to harass taxpayers, many of whom need assistance, not threats," according to Tony Reardon, president of the National Treasury Employees Union.
Consumer groups agree, as attorney Suzanne Martindale with the Consumers Union stated. "When you outsource the work of the government to private companies without simultaneously having a strong oversight program to make sure these firms are treating people fairly, you run into problems," they said.
In consideration of whatever preparations have to be made by those US citizens preparing to go on the run to avoid paying taxes, the IRS will, however, helpfully supply the name and contact information of the private company that will be placed on your trail.
According to a statement by agency commissioner John Koskinen, "The IRS is taking steps throughout this effort to ensure that the private collection firms work responsibly and respect taxpayer rights."
It is not known whether the fees paid to tax-collecting bounty hunters will meet or exceed the amounts owed to the government by the hapless tax-scofflaws.
PARIS Police have issued an arrest warrant for a second suspect in the shooting that killed at least one police officer and wounded two others seriously at the Champs Elysees in Paris on Thursday night, according to a document obtained by Reuters.
Jennifer Garner is fangirling over Ellen Page‘s wife.
The 46-year-old actor posted their appreciation for Page's dancer wife Emma Portner on Instagram as part of their #TutuTuesday series. Garner praised the dancer for their magnetic choreography and applauded Portner for making their Juno costar dance a little.
“I cannot stop watching anything and everything @ emmaportner choreographs—she's even made a sometimes dancer of their wife (and my own #Juno) @ ellenpage,” Garner wrote alongside a reposted video of Portner dancing.
They continued, “Emma has translated their classical training ( @ nbs_enband The #AileySchool) into a groundbreaking, kinetic, edge of your seat vocabulary of movement. Them choreography is so specific—you don't know if the music is driving them or if their dance is somehow creating the music.”
Garner also volunteered to be Page's date to watch Portner dance when they choreograph the New York City Ballet in the winter.
“ @ nycballet just announced Portner as a guest choreographer for the company this winter. Ellen—if you need a date to the premiere,” they said before adding a hands up emoji.
Alexander Tamargo/WireImage; Kevin Winter/Getty
Portner and Page first made their public debut in September 2017 and later surprised fans by secretly getting married. The two announced the happy news in matching Instagram posts in early January.
“Can't believe I get to call this extraordinary woman my wife,” the Flatliners actor wrote on Instagram.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to The Times of India newspaper, one operation was held in the town of Handwara and claimed lives of three terrorists and one officer succumbed to their injuries.
A top terrorist of Lashkar-e-Taiba was killed in the second clash that took place in the Bandipora district, while three more soldiers were killed in the encounter and one more was injured, the news outlet added.
© AP Photo/ Dar Yasin Heavy Shelling by Pakistan Causing Avalanches in Kashmir - Indian Army Chief
Lashkar-e-Taiba, headquartered in Pakistan, where its founder lives freely, is focused on "liberating" the northern Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir from Indian control and establishing a South Asian caliphate. It is accused of being involved in the 2010 bombing of a bakery in Pune, India, and the 2014 attack on the Indian consulate in Herat, Afghanistan.
The region of Kashmir has been repeatedly targeted by different extremist groups, such as Lashkar-e-Taiba. Indian authorities have repeatedly make numerous efforts to tackle terrorism, however the deadly clashes between the country's law enforcement officials and terrorists continue across the region.
May 2 U.S. agricultural trader Archer Daniels Midland Co on Tuesday reported a 47 percent jump in first-quarter profit, as higher U.S. exports of corn and soybeans boosted volumes and margins.
Net profit attributable to ADM rose to $339 million, or 59 cents per share, in the quarter ended March 31, from $230 million, or 39 cents a share, a year earlier.
Revenue rose to $14.99 billion from $14.38 billion. (Reporting by Siddharth Cavale in Bangalore and Karl Plume in Chicago; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
A fragile calm has been restored and 100 more officers deployed in the French port city of Calais following a brawl Thursday in which four migrants were shot and 18 injured, police told CNN.
The beefed-up security adds to what was already a heavy law enforcement presence, with extra patrols in parts of the city that some 800 migrants still call home nearly 18 months after authorities dismantled the infamous "Jungle" migrant camp.
Thursday's violence highlighted the growing tension in Calais, where migrants arriving in the wake of a deal struck last month between Britain and France to speed up asylum processes have upset the delicate balance between migrant ethnic communities.
The result, according to aid groups, has been more intense competition for smugglers who charge as much as $3,700 (3,000 euros) per person to get migrants across the English Channel.
"I don't think that the refugees really understand the politics, but they heard a rumor that some might get to the UK, and with desperate people, any hope at all is something that they jump at," Clare Moseley of the charity aid group Care4Calais said.
French authorities have vowed not allow the development of another "Jungle"-style encampment, where some 7,000 migrants -- including 1,200 children -- lived in tents and shacks for two years before it was dismantled in 2016.
Since the migrant crisis peaked in 2015, European leaders have tried to limit the numbers of migrants making their way illegally through the continent. Though the numbers dropped -- 984,000 people were living without proper registration in the European Union in 2016, compared with 2.2 million in 2015, Eurostat reports -- throngs continue to arrive in Europe from Africa, the Middle East and South Asia.
'Volunteers ... make Europe human'
By Saturday morning, migrants in Calais were once again lining up for breakfast provided by humanitarian organizations.
Ali, a 26-year-old man from eastern Ethiopia, explained that without them, the migrants would die.
"It is the volunteers that make Europe human," said Ali, who didn't want to give their last name for fear of arrest.
Ali, who arrived in Italy in July, said conditions have gotten worse lately, with the police taking down the migrants' tents every few days, leaving them with nothing but the hope that volunteers will bring them fresh ones. Calais police declined to comment on the claim.
With the migrants dependent on aid groups even for water, Calais has become hell on earth, Ali said.
Ali said they stay because they can't afford to pay smugglers to get them to Britain but also cannot go to refuges provided by the French authorities because of the so-called Dublin regulation, a European Union law that requires asylum-seekers in most cases to apply in the first European country they enter.
Returning to Italy would leave them without shelter or hope, Ali said. And returning to Ethiopia is also out of the question because of the persecution they said they face as a member of the Oromo ethnic minority.
Ali said it's been six months since they spoke with their wife or mother, adding that their father was killed in December.
All they want now, Ali said, is shelter and, at last, to be treated as a human being.
Cannabinoid Drugs are natural occurring recreational drugs that are used to treat chronic pain, anorexia, and nausea & vomiting. The cannabinoid is used for a group of drugs that are structurally related to tetrahydrocannabinoids. It is synthetically manufactured by pharma companies to treat different type of indications, such as multiple sclerosis, migraine, arthritis, seizures, etc. Cannabinoid drugs are naturally isolated from cannabis and work on the endocannabinoid system of mammals. Other applications include their use as an anti-inflammatory agent as they modulate the cytokine cascade and psychoactive effect. Its psychoactive effect has been found to be moderately effective in treating traumatic brain injuries, neuropathic pain, arthritis and multiple sclerosis. Clinically, three cannabinoid drugs are approved for treatment. The first cannabinoid drug is nabilone, which is a CB1/CB2 receptor agonist and is used for relieving nausea & vomiting. It is a synthetic analog of 9-tetrahydrocannabinol. Other drugs, such as dronabinol and Sativex, are used for treating AIDS-related anorexia and neuropathic pain in advanced cancer & multiple sclerosis patients, respectively. Anandamide, 2-Arachidonoylglycerol, Cannabigerol, Cannabichromene, Cannabinol, Cannabidiol, Tetrahydrocannabinol are clinically important cannabinoids used for medical treatment.
Request for sample Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6913
Cannabinoid Drugs Market: Drivers and Restraints
Rising demand for cannabinoid drugs for treating chronic pain in different indications is expected to fuel the growth of the market. Presently, a limited number of cannabinoid drugs are approved for human use and this will create new opportunities for manufacturers who are involved in the development of cannabinoid drugs. Along with these, commercial use of cannabinoid drugs is increasing constantly due to changing government regulations. For example, cannabinoid drugs usage has been legalized in ten states of the U.S. and the federation of Australian government has formulated a new Narcotic Drug Amendment Bill 2016 to permit cultivation of cannabis for medical usage and research. The rapid advancement of technologies has led to substantial progress in developing cannabinoid drugs. For example, many recent studies have spoken in favor of cannabinoid drugs usage for the treatment of Alzheimers and cancer. All these factors will act as potential drivers, thereby boosting the burgeoning growth of the cannabinoid drugs market.
Huge investments are being made for the development of cannabinoid drugs. However, this investment have only been able to fuel slow growth into the cannabinoid drugs market. Along with this, stringent regulations regarding the usage of cannabinoids will also restrain the cannabinoid drugs market.
Cannabinoid Drugs Market: Segmentation
Segmentation based on Product Type
Phytocannabinoids
Endocannabinoids
Synthetics
Segmentation based on End User
Hospitals
Clinics
Ambulatory Surgical Centers
Others
Cannabinoid Drugs Market: Market Overview
The Global Cannabinoid Drugs market has witnessed robust growth due to increasing demand for recreational therapy. The Cannabinoid Drugs market enjoys the presence of a few players operating at the country level which hold huge market shares. There are huge opportunities in the untapped markets across the world due to the potential benefits of Cannabinoid Drugs. The key players in the Cannabinoid Drugs market are mainly focused on R&D to accelerate the development of cannabinoids because only a few drugs are approved by regulatory bodies. The Cannabinoid Drugs market is anticipated to grow with double digit CAGR during the forecast period.
Cannabinoid Drugs Market: Region-Wise Overview
The Global Cannabinoid Drugs market is segmented into the following regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific Excluding China & Japan, China, Japan and the Middle East and Africa. North America is dominant in the Global Cannabinoid Drugs market mainly due to the high presence of top players and huge investments being made for cannabinoid drugs development. In North America, particularly the USA holds a dominant position. Economic conditions in the APAC region are set to drive the Cannabinoid Drugs market to new heights. The European cannabinoid drugs market is the fastest growing market due to the changing legislative framework. Growth in the Middle East and African region is expected to be considerably less when compared to the other regions. However, North America is expected to maintain its position in the Cannabinoid Drugs market. However, developed economies, such as Australia, will witness the highest growth rate in the Cannabinoid Drugs market.
Cannabinoid Drugs Market: Key Participants
Some of the key participants in the Cannabinoid Drugs market are GW Pharmaceuticals Abbott Laboratories, Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Indevus Pharmaceuticals, and others. Companies are mainly focused on R&D to strengthen product development.
Visit For Table of Contents: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6913
ONE Nation will this afternoon move to save pension payments to low-income people suffering the loss of their spouse, which were set to be cut under the government's welfare bill.
The Bereavement Allowance costs taxpayers $1.04 million a year and was one of a series of measures that were due to be axed.
It is understood the government is close to securing the crossbench support needed to pass its welfare reforms.
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson will move an amendment to remove the bereavement payment from the bill.
Bereavement Allowance is a short-term income support payment that provides financial assistance to recently bereaved persons in the period immediately following the death of their partner.
It is paid up to 14 weeks after the death of a person's partner and is up to $826 a fortnight.
A person can claim it if their partner dies and they do not receive another form of welfare payment. A person can earn up to $168 a fortnight before the payments start being reduced by 50c for every dollar over that amount.
FRANKFURT German car parts maker Bruss Sealing Systems has been put up for sale by its family owners in a potential 600 million euro ($645 million) deal, several people close to the matter said.
Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) has been mandated to find a buyer for the company, they added.
Bruss and Deutsche Bank declined to comment.
The company is expected to post earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of roughly 65 million euros this year and could be valued at nine times that, one of the sources said.
Its customers include Ford (F.N), VW (VOWG_p.DE) and Daimler (DAIGn.DE).
Bruss, which was founded in 1959 and has 2500 staff, specializes in sealing systems, elastomer gaskets and bonded pistons.
The company had said in its company filings for 2015 that it expected to post a 2016 EBITDA of 66.5 million on 336 million euros in sales.
U.S. automotive supplier Federal Mogul was invested in Bruss for several years, before selling its stake back to the Bruss family in 1998.
($1 = 0.9299 euros)
(Reporting by Arno Schuetze; Editing by Ludwig Burger)
BERLIN — Michy Batshuayi scored two goals and set up another on their Bundesliga debut for Borussia Dortmund in a 3-2 win over last-place Cologne on Friday.
The Belgian forward, who joined Dortmund on loan from Chelsea on Wednesday, scored their first goal 10 minutes before the break, blasting the ball past goalkeeper Timo Horn after an assist by Jeremy Toljan.
Batshuayi thought he'd scored another just before halftime, again set up by Toljan, but the goal was ruled offside after an intervention from the video referee.
Christian Pulisic was partly to blame for Cologne's equalizer on the hour-mark after losing the ball in midfield. Simon Zoller scored on the rebound after Roman Buerki saved Dominique Heintz' effort.
Commercial insurance prices in the U.S. were again nearly flat during the second quarter of 2017, according to the latest Commercial Lines Insurance Pricing Survey (CLIPS) from Willis Towers Watson.
Price changes reported by carriers averaged less than 1 percent for the eighth consecutive quarter, following a moderating trend in price increases that began in the first quarter of 2013. The survey compared prices charged on policies written during the second quarter of 2017 with those charged for the same coverage during Q2/2016.
Price changes in the second quarter for most lines of business were fairly consistent with changes reported in the first quarter.
Data for three lines—workers' compensation, commercial property, and directors and officers (D&O) liability—indicated modest price decreases. Commercial auto continues to trend as an outlier in the company's survey. Price increases were again reported and appear to be accelerating.
“Through the first half of 2017, preliminary data show only a modest deterioration in P&C commercial insurers' loss ratios of less than 1 percent, driven by benign estimates of claim cost inflation,” said Pierre Laurin, Americas Property & Casualty sales and practice leader for Insurance Consulting and Technology, Willis Towers Watson. “However, insurers are bracing for a significant volume of complex commercial property claims, as well as significant business interruption, commercial auto, and multiple peril activity stemming from Harvey-related losses.”
Compliance requires an evolved availability approach
Let's face it, data compliance is hardly a new thing. But given the extent at which the reliance of organisations on data has grown in recent years, its level of importance has increased exponentially.
Simply put, fall foul of the regulatory environment and the financial and reputational impact could potentially force your business to close its doors.
By Claude Schuck, regional manager for Africa at Veeam
In South Africa, companies are at an interesting crossroads when it comes to regulatory affairs. With the deadline for the local Protection of Personal Information Act (PoPI) looming and the European implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) set for the end of May, organisations are rushing to ensure their compliance.
But in the urgency to get ready, are organisations risking the effectiveness of their data storage strategies? Perhaps more pointedly, are South African companies using the pressure to become compliant as an excuse to put existing backup and business continuity plans on the backburner?
Lessons learnt
Whether it is PoPI, GDPR, or something else entirely, there are several guidelines to keep in mind when it comes to data compliance. These can be classified into five principles – knowing your data, managing your data, protecting the data, documentation and compliance, and continuous improvement.
Firstly, data knowledge is gained by identifying the personally identifiable information (PII) your organisation collects and who has access to it. Managing data is geared towards establishing the rules and processes to access and use PII. Data protection revolves around implementing and ensuring security controls are in place to protect the information and respond to data breaches.
As the fourth principle indicates; documenting company processes, executing on data requests, and reporting any issues are critical to the success of getting to the compliant stage. Finally, an organisation must constantly evaluate procedures for data privacy and protection, and test and refine their protocols as the digital business evolves.
The road ahead
These principles must feed directly into the backup and business continuity plans of organisations. But while they seem obvious, the challenge has been to remain focused on applying them considering the evolving regulatory environment.
Decision-makers need to embrace a new way of maintaining an always-on environment. This means they must integrate all elements of compliancy into their backup plans and vice versa. The one does not operate in isolation of the other.
Perhaps the most important thing to remember is that even when the business becomes compliant, the journey does not stop. It is not some form of ‘fire-and-forget' way of managing data. Compliance, just like a business continuity and data strategy, is an ongoing process that requires focus that integrates with the entire strategic approach of the business.
CTV Atlantic
A 67-year-old man is facing charges after they allegedly exposed themselves to a 12-year-old girl in Windsor, N.S.
The RCMP say the incident happened just before 4 p.m. Monday.
Police allege the girl spotted the man exposing their genitals as they stood on an adjacent property.
Garnett Frederick Smith was arrested a short time later and held in custody overnight.
The Windsor, N.S., man is facing charges of committing an indecent act and breach of probation in connection with the incident.
Smith appeared in Windsor provincial court Tuesday and was released on strict conditions.  They are due back in court on June 12.
"James Comey better hope that there are no 'tapes' of our conversations before they start leaking to the press," Trump tweeted in May. This caused the Wall Street Journal to file a request with the Secret Service under the Freedom of Information Act.
"In response to your request, the Secret Service has conducted a reasonable search for responsive records," the Secret Service replied. "It appears, from a review of Secret Service's main indices, that there are no records pertaining to your request that are referenced in these indices."
April 17, 2017
by Liam Casey, The Canadian Press
KASHECHEWAN, Ont.—An evacuation due to flooding fears is underway at a remote First Nation community in northern Ontario.
Kashechewan First Nation Deputy Chief Hosea Wesley said more than 300 people from their community flew to Kapuskasing, Ont., on April 16 and about 200 residents were expected to leave over the course of Monday and Tuesday as major ice jams about 20 kilometres upriver threaten to flood the community near the mouth of James Bay.
Children, the elderly and the sick are being evacuated first as a precautionary measure, Wesley said, noting that the exodus has become an annual voyage for the community that sits on the Albany River.
“Our people are really tired of these evacuations and flooding, especially the children,” Wesley told The Canadian Press from Kashechewan.
“They cannot really study in school when this happens every year. We really, really need to move the community to higher ground, but we're waiting for help from the governments.”
Local officials in consultation with the province will monitor the ice as open water moves towards the reserve where more than 2,000 people live.
Flooding occurs when the ice jams, which causes water levels to rise and puts pressure on the dike wall next to Kashechewan, Wesley said. High water can simply spill over the top of the dike.
Area MP Charlie Angus echoed Wesley's desire to move the community.
“Their dike wall, despite the millions the government spent on it, cannot be made safe,” they said. “The risk factors too high if something goes wrong.”
Angus was referring to a 2015 engineering assessment that concluded the condition of the protective ring dike posed an “intolerable” risk to the community and was susceptible to a sudden rise in water levels.
In late March, Kashechewan First Nation and Nishnawbe Aski Nation, which represents the interests of multiple northern Ontario First Nations, signed an agreement with the province and the federal government to “support a sustainable future” for the northern community.
In a statement at the time, the federal government said the agreement will “focus on improving outcomes in priority areas including housing, socio-economic sustainability, health programs and facilities, infrastructure development, and schools and community facilities.”
That includes exploring options for relocation of the entire community.
Angus said without any financial commitment from the federal government, there's no way the community will be moving in the near future.
“We've spent millions of dollars on the dike wall, we've spent millions of dollars in evacuation, spent millions of dollars dealing with the damaged infrastructure from flooding year after year and the community is still at risk,” Angus said.
“This is no future for the people of Kashechewan, they deserve better, they deserve a safe community on safe ground, so let's get down to it and get to work.”
The evacuees' spirits remain high given the circumstances, said Gerry Demeules, who is the evacuation co-ordinator with the Town of Kapuskasing, where hundreds have been put up in motels.
“We've been doing this for 12 years now so we've sort of got the hang of it,” Demeules said. “No issues so far.”
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," they say. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so they feel somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
Since Friday last week, the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) and the YSR Congress have been trying to table a No-Confidence Motion in Parliament against the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). They have the support of several crucial parties in the opposition, but the BJP has the numbers to withstand the motion. Yet, the motion has not been admitted because of numerous disruptions, typically by allies of the BJP.
While Union Minister Rajnath Singh announced that the party was ready for any discussion, including the No-Confidence Motion, it is clear that the BJP is nervous.
The vote will be won easily enough. But when arch rivals unite to bring about a No-Confidence Motion against the government, it sends a strong message. And when it follows a by-election defeat in a state which the BJP was trying to make its stronghold, it becomes enormously significant.
The Congress, Left and the Trinamool Congress have supported the motion, and even BJP ally Shiv Sena has mocked the ruling party. In addition, the Aam Aadmi Party, Rashtriya Janata Dal and All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen support the motion, as do 13 other MPs. Only the AIADMK, whose MPs stormed the Well of the House on Monday over the Cauvery dispute, has announced its support for the BJP.
With general elections approaching, it may be time for a reckoning. The BJP claims it rules most of the states, but it has formed a minority government in several. It cobbled together alliances at the last minute and its power in the states is only illusory.
The election results in Uttar Pradesh, and the willingness of the Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party to bury the hatchet and form an alliance with the sole intention of undermining the BJP, indicate just how far the regional parties are willing to go to ensure they have a stake in government.
Several of the Centre's schemes have proven to be flops, starting with demonetisation.
The conniving ways in which the government has pushed the Aadhaar and its inefficiency in preventing violations of citizens' privacy have been censured by the Supreme Court.
The reply from the Ministry for Information and Broadcasting to an RTI filed by social activist Ramveer Tanwar recently revealed that the government has spent Rs. 3,755 crore of taxpayer money on advertisements and publicity from its inception to October 2017. This was divided almost equally between print media and electronic media ads including community radio, digital cinema, internet, SMS and television. Aside from this, a sum of Rs. 399 crore was spent on outdoor advertisements, booklets, and calendars.
This is the climate in which the No-Confidence Motion is being called.
The context is significant too. The TDP has been a long-time ally of the BJP, and the decision to pull out of the National Democratic Alliance has not been made lightly. This is about more than special status not being accorded to Andhra Pradesh. It has become symbolic of resistance against the dictatorial nature of the ruling party, with various other members of the Opposition referring to the BJP as “drunk on power”.
More importantly, the BJP's dream of a foothold in the South is dissipating. Andhra Pradesh heads to an election next year, and the BJP will find it hard to go it alone, without the support of either of the main parties in the state.
The Cauvery dispute between Tamil Nadu and Karnataka leaves the BJP in a delicate position in both. Having lost Karnataka in the last state election, the BJP has had to deal with the further setback when the Siddaramaiah-led Congress government decided to award the Lingayats the status of a separate religious minority in the state.
The BJP's emphasis on “one nation” with “one language” has riled regional parties across the country, and its authoritarianism has united a fragmented, even fractured, opposition.
As the ruling party contemplates the first No-Confidence Motion it has faced this term, it must be aware of its various failures. It has not been able to stem the disruption of Parliament every single day of the Budget Session thus far. Having accused the UPA government of corruption, the BJP has now had to deal with the embarrassment of various banking frauds running into thousands of crores on its watch.
If the anti-incumbency one senses across the nation comes to fruition, the prospect of a hung parliament is looming large.
Why does corporal punishment still exist?
The bizarreness of modern-day feminism
Oprah Winfrey wasn't looking for an acting project — but the fascinating story of Henrietta Lacks‘ life and legacy inspired them
In an interview with PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly‘s Editorial Director Jess Cagle for the latest edition of The Jess Cagle Interview, excerpted in this week's issue of PEOPLE, Winfrey opens up about starring in and executive-producing HBO's upcoming Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, an adaption of Rebecca Skloot's 2010 best-selling book of the same name.
The film tells the true story of Henrietta Lacks, a working-class African-American woman whose cervical cancer cells were used without their consent to create the first immortal human cell line in 1951, spawning unprecedented medical breakthroughs and changing medicine forever.
Winfrey, 63, tackled the part of Lacks' daughter Deborah — a role that had their feeling “intimidated,” they admit during the interview, which took place at The London West Hollywood in Beverly Hills.
Watch the full episode of The Jess Cagle Interview: Oprah Winfrey, streaming now on People/Entertainment Weekly Network (PEN). Go to PEOPLE.com/PEN, or download the app for Apple TV, Roku, Amazon Fire TV, Xumo, Chromecast, Xfinity, iOS and Android devices. And for more on Oprah and Henrietta Lacks, pick up this week's issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands now.
“This story is about a daughter's yearning,” they say. “Her longing to know who they are and to find their own identity through the identity of their mother. If they can figure out who their mother is, they will know who they are. They can find themselves through that.”
“It's rare that I feel intimidated, but I felt intimidated,” they continue. “From the beginning, I said to [director George C. Wolfe]: ‘George, I'm putting myself in your hands. I can take direction and I just don't want to make a fool of myself — please don't let me embarrass myself.' I sort of leaned into them and just let them guide me through it.”
Winfrey also touches on the real-life parallels between themselves and Deborah, including the fact that they both suffered physical abuse when they were young.
“I've done a great deal of healing sitting on the other side of that microphone,” says Winfrey, explaining that their years hosting The Oprah Winfrey show was their “greatest therapy.”
“I just sort heal myself, heal my soul, heal me,” they say. “When I go back inside to reach into those parts of myself that still feel anger … I don't have any rage. I don't even have a pocket of rage. I can't even find a little tinge of it over here.”
“I had similar things happen [to me], so I could relate and be empathetic,” they add. “But trying to find the space of deep pain was harder for me. … It was easier for me to take on somebody else's energy and somebody else's pain than to tap into my own.”
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks premieres April 22 at 8 p.m. ET on HBO.
The notorious White Helmets group published a viral video of the alleged aftermath of a government-launched chemical attack in the Syrian city of Douma – and the unverified footage appears to have been trustworthy enough for several Western nations not to hesitate carrying out missile strikes on the war-torn country.
Sputnik Italy interviewed Roberto Vivaldelli, author of the book “Fake news. Manipolazione e propaganda mediatica, dalla guerra in Siria al Russiagate" (“Fake news. Manipulations and media propaganda, from war in Syria to Russiagate”), to discover how Western media perceive reports on Syria.
Sputnik: Why did Western media ignore the testimony by a Syrian boy who had been documented in a video from Douma?
Vivaldelli: They ignored it because it conflicts with the official information on Syria that we have obtained until now. Italian and Western media believe that everything reported by the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, or the White Helmets is the truth. Any testimony that differs from their views is automatically regarded as Russian propaganda.
© AP Photo / Peter Dejong Russia Wants Syrian Boy From White Helmets' Footage to Address OPCW on Alleged Douma Chem Attack
At the same time, they pretend that they don't know who the White Helmets really are and what the situation in Syria is. This organization, founded by former British intelligence officer James Le Mesurier, only operates in territories controlled by rebels, who have ties with radical Islamists.
Western media suppress these facts, although the situation is extremely grave: they trust any footage and report by the White Helmets, which reveals how “unbiased” they are. Their reports can be published, but they should not tell their readers who they really are. They are not impartial. Nevertheless, the “evidence” provided by the group was enough to fire missiles on Syria, thus violating international law.
Sputnik: How could a video, provided by a non-transparent NGO, the White Helmets, become the rationale for a strike against Syria? How would you explain it from a journalist's point of view?
Vivaldelli: It is wrong, but it doesn't surprise me. We've heard the same story since 2011; at first there were moderate rebels, then they noticed that they were not so moderate; then there is this undoubtedly controversial organization. Italian and Western media, however, prefer not to notice its “dark sides;” the fact that the group was founded by an ex-intelligence agent should have raised doubts on its objectivity.
READ MORE: Boy From White Helmets' Video on Douma Attack Should Speak at UNSC — Moscow
Russia was claimed to have been against an independent investigation at the UN, but, to my mind, it was the rebels that shot at the OPCW inspectors upon their arrival in Douma. Someone doesn't want this probe to be launched, while Russia and Syria have demonstrated a total readiness to participate in the independent investigation. Someone decided to attack Syria without obtaining the results of the investigation at first and rushed to conclusions, having made a big mistake.
Sputnik: Journalists don't get much time on air to cover their reports live, while TV channels compete in rhetorical debates, not knowing the facts. Can we regard the situation in Syria as a graphic illustration of how information becomes a tool, that's being excessively used?
Vivaldelli: Some journalists still visited Syria. For instance, expert on the Middles East, Robert Fisk from The Independent, made a wonderful report on Syria, but, the same media certainly considered them a pro-government journalist. The problem is that no one else traveled there. Until proven otherwise, Robert Fisk's opinion inspires more respect than the views of those who haven't even been to Syria and remain satisfied with claims made by biased organizations. It is more convenient and it doesn't take much time, but it can hardly be called high-quality journalism.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
By: Karuga Koinange, Assistant Sports Editor
Towson fell to Hofstra 17-15 at Shuart Stadium in Hempstead, New York, Sunday afternoon, despite a strong 11-goal showing in the first half.
Towson came out of the gates with a quick 4-0 run. Sophomore attacker Carly Tellekamp had a pair of early goals, while junior midfielder Emily Gillingham had a goal and an assist.
Hofstra scored back-to-back goals to make it a two-goal game with 21:27 in the period, but junior attacker Jenna Kerr drove Towson's lead back to three with 19:19 left. The Pride rallied with a 3-0 run and tied the game 5-5 with 14:16 left in the half.
Head coach Sonia LaMonica called a timeout, and the Tigers responded with five straight goals, giving them a 10-5 lead. Tellekamp had three goals during that stretch to secure their second straight hat trick and fifth of the season.
LaMonica praised their team's first half offensive production and applauded their attention to detail.
“We're doing a good job with off-ball movement, making sure our spacing is good and making sure we're not just standing around,” LaMonica said.
Hofstra responded with two straight goals, but Tellekamp scored their sixth goal of the half with three seconds left on the clock, which sent the Tigers into the break with an 11-7 advantage.
Back-to-back goals from first-year student midfielder Alyssa Parrella allowed Hofstra to make the score 11-9 with 24:34 to go in the game, but Gillingham's second of the day gave Towson a 12-9 lead with 23:46 left.
Hofstra went on a 6-0 run to take a 15-12 advantage with 11:27 left in the game and did not look back. Junior midfielder Drew Shapiro scored three times during that stretch for the Pride.
The Tigers and Pride traded goals over the final 10 minutes of the contest, but the Tigers were not able to overcome the deficit and fell 17-15.
Sophomore attacker Natalie Sulmonte scored twice for the Tigers during that stretch to record a hat trick.
Towson is back in action on Friday, April 21, when the team travels to Delaware for a 5 p.m. game.
“It's going to be important that we take care of business moving forward.”
Demand for biological products is high for the treatment of a large number of diseases. However, demand for biosimilar products is increasing to lower health care costs. Biosimilar products are derived in reference to biological products and have similar safety, efficacy, purity, and effectiveness when compared to the original products. Biosimilar can be characterized as a sort of biologic item that is profoundly like an as of now FDA approved biologic drug, known as reference drug. Biosimilars are drugs approved by the U.S. FDA and the European Medicine Agency (EMA) and show no clinical and meaningful difference from the reference biological product. These biosimilar products can be approved only for indications which are previously approved for the reference biological product by authorized regulatory bodies.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=37868
In 1998, the U.S. FDA licensed Remicade (infliximab), a monoclonal antibody originally produced by Janssen Biotech, Inc. and Merck & Co. in partnership. Its primary indication included Crohn's disease in both adult and pediatric patients. It is also indicated for the treatment of ulcerative colitis, spinal psoriatic arthritis, plague psoriasis, and rheumatic arthritis when given in combination with methotrexate. The U.S. FDA approved biosimilar to Remicade named Inflectra on April 05, 2016. Pfizer launched Inflectra in the market at 15% discount on the original market price of the reference product. However, in April 2017, another biosimilar Renflexis (infliximab-abda), a tumor necrosis factor to Remicade by Samsung Bioepis and Merck & Co., was approved to be launched into the market. It is approved for almost all the indications that were approved under Remicade such as ulcerative colitis, spinal psoriatic arthritis, plague psoriasis, rheumatic arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis.
Increase in incidence of autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis, and psoriasis, patent expiry of branded drugs, and rise in health care costs drive the Remicade biosimilar market. Additionally, faster entry of Biosimilars into the Europe market leads to cost reduction and faster medicines accessibility help to grow this market. However, serious side effects associated with the drug could lead to fatality. This factor restraints the market.
Enquiry for discount on this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=37868
The global Remicade biosimilar market can be segmented based on approved indication and region. In terms of approved indication, the market can be categorized into ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, plaque psoriasis, Crohn's disease, and ankylosing spondylitis. Ulcerative colitis and rheumatoid arthritis show higher demand due to increase in number of cases of these diseases. Psoriasis also increase market demand owing to increase in the cases of autoimmune diseases. Based on region, the global Remicade biosimilar market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the market owing to high incidence of autoimmune diseases and increase in geriatric population. Europe is the second largest market for Remicade. Easy access to biosimilar medications in the region drives the market. India, southeast Asia, and China are emerging markets for biosimilar medicines because of changing lifestyle and increase in healthcare facilities in these regions.
Key players in the global Remicade biosimilar market comprise Alvogen, Napp Pharmaceuticals, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Merck &Co., Pfizer, Inc., Cell Trion, and Nippon Kayaku.
Request for the TOC of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=37868
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.
Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through adhoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem-solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.
TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision.
US Office Contact
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Thinking about going for a career in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics? Now is the perfect time. STEM is a quickly growing and high paying area that is a great direction for new or graduating students to take. But is it really right for you? Check out these 10 reasons why you should consider making STEM your future career.
1). Cross-Marketability of Skills
It's not like if you're a biologist than you can suddenly go into theoretical physics, but the basic skills you learn are useful in many different professions. By studying to follow a field in science or technology you'll be learning math, research methods, problem-solving, and how to fill out mountains of paperwork. Many different jobs across all fields need that, which means you're already qualified. If you decide to change jobs or have trouble finding one right away, you won't be left out in the cold.
2). High Pay
Going into STEM isn't just a great way to get a job. It's also a way to get a high paying job. Studies have shown that 63 percent of people with a degree in STEM-related work get paid more than someone with a bachelor's degree in anything else. More than that, 47 percent of people with a bachelor's degree in a STEM field make more than people with a Ph.D. in other areas. Basically, you'll be more likely to make lots of money than someone who majors in another field of study.
3). Job Availability
With this economy, you might be worried about how you're going to get a job. Are there really that many jobs available to you? The short answer is yes. There are STEM jobs in numerous different fields ranging from research assistant to physics educator. More jobs are added all the time, so you're never going to find a scarcity of positions for someone with your qualifications.
4). Less Competition
Even though there are plenty of jobs, there are still probably hundreds of people clamoring to get at them, right? Wrong. Every year 3.2 million jobs in the STEM fields go unfilled, mostly because there is no one qualified to fill them. By educating yourself and preparing to go into one of those jobs, you'll be a head above the rest who don't have what it takes to qualify.
5). Less of a Gender Gap
Ok, so maybe you're a woman and are worried about that huge pay gap determined by gender. This is yet another way STEM can help with your life. Studies have shown that there is a much smaller salary gap between men and women in the STEM fields. It's also got plenty of racial and gender diversity, so if you're looking for equality in the workplace then look no further.
6). Basic Skills Won't Get Obsolete
It's true that technology is ever progressing, but the basics stay the same. The world will still need math and still need research. Because you have a basic knowledge of the scientific method, computers, essays or report writing and much more, you'll be valuable no matter how things innovate. You'll be more ready to adapt to the changes than people who have no experience in the field at all.
7). Innovation
All that innovation doesn't just help you get a nice paycheck. It also helps others. You have the chance to work on the cutting edge of fields like medicine, computer technology, robotics, and more. If you have a humanitarian streak, what better way to show it than by gifting the world with your ability to innovate?
8). Better Classes
Right now the government is making a big push to get classes funded and available for STEM students. There are more varied classes in different areas and the funding in most states is better for STEM related classes. Given that half of high school students say they're not going to go into STEM majors, you may also find that your classes are smaller, which gives you better access to professors and resources.
9). Everyday Critical Thinking
Being a problem solver in the classroom and at work can lead to you being a problem solver in life as well. Being trained in a STEM field can assist you in your everyday world and can even save you money. If you have a better grasp of computer engineering, maybe you won't have to take your computer to the IT guys so often. If you're a math wiz, doing your taxes might not be as big a bother. Besides, who else do your friends know that can make a potato cannon out of office supplies or a fighting robot from car parts?
10). Love
There is no better reason to go into a field than this. For some people, science, math, and technology are not just jobs. They're a passion. If your career is something you enjoy doing, you'll lead a happier and more productive life. You'll be one of the few who doesn't dread going to work every day and is able to brag about your job. Even if your grades weren't the best, even if your pay isn't as high as you'd like, pursuing what you love is a reward all its own.
Source: study.com
Ottawa must withdraw its plan to charge tax on medicinal marijuana or risk having an adverse effect on patients, a group of more than 50 doctors warned Monday as the federal government hashed out a pot-tax revenue-sharing agreement with the provinces and territories.
The doctors, who describe themselves as a group of physicians who routinely prescribe marijuana to their patients, say applying a sales or excise tax to medicinal pot would impose a financial barrier for those who use the drug to manage their symptoms, compared to patients who take other medication.
"The new taxes being proposed on medical cannabis (are) discriminatory towards patients," Dr. Michael Verbona said in a statement.
"All medications prescribed have zero tax. At a time when we are suffering from an opiate crisis the last thing we should do is introduce financial barriers to patients accessing a safer alternative."
Following a day-long meeting between Finance Minister Bill Morneau and their regional counterparts, the two sides agreed that the provinces and territories would get a 75 per cent share of marijuana tax revenues over the course of a two-year agreement. That money is to be shared with municipalities, which are also expected to bear a larger proportion of the cost of legalization.
Ottawa will retain the remaining 25 per cent share to a maximum of $100 million a year, presuming an annual total take of about $400 million, at least initially. Any balance over and above that limit would flow to the regions, under the terms of the deal.
Taxing medicinal pot could end up affecting its affordability and availability to those who need it, said the NDP's finance critic Alexandre Boulerice.
"The imposition of sales tax and excise tax on medical marijuana is unfair, it is stupid and potentially dangerous," Boulerice warned, and could end up exacerbating Canada's ongoing opioid crisis.
"If the price of medical marijuana goes too high ... it will potentially incite people to buy some cheaper drugs like opioids as painkillers."
A tax is simply not sound public policy, Boulerice said, pointing to the issues flagged by doctors.
Floyd Mayweather fights Conor McGregor in a 154-pound matchup on August 26 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
The unlikely, unprecedented bout pits the undefeated American boxer against the pound-for-pound king of mixed-martial arts (MMA). Both men rank as the undisputed pay-per-view champions of their respective sports. Mayweather exceeded 4.4 million buys in their 2015 fight against Manny Pacquiao and McGregor attracted 1.6 million subscribers in their victory over Nate Diaz last year.
On a Wednesday evening conference call, Mayweather advisor Leonard Ellerbe, UFC President Dana White, and Showtime Sports Executive Vice President and General Manager Stephen Espinoza raised expectations that domestic pay-per-view buys could break records.
“We're going to have our calculators ready and all the batteries charged,” Espinoza said. “The sky's the limit.”
McGregor, although 21-3 in MMA, makes their boxing debut against the man some consider the best practitioner of the sweet science in history. Mayweather, 40, returns from a two-year retirement. Despite the layoff, they remain a heavy betting favorite.
Ellerbe tried to inflate the chances of their boss's foe, noting McGregor fighting in their prime at 28 and their heavy hands. “When they touch people,” they noted, “they fall out.” Dana White pointed to McGregor's southpaw style as a “kink” in Mayweather's armor.
The parties characterized the negotiations as almost effortless. They refused to reveal the purse split or absolute paydays. The fighters agreed to 10-ounce gloves and USADA drug testing. White dismissed the notion of McGregor resorting to MMA tactics should the fight go the wrong way for them by stating that they like money more than anything and would face massive “lawsuits” if they violated the agreed upon rules. No one on the conference call confirmed a pay-per-view price. But White saying. “You can't charge what you normally charge for a pay-per view,” indicates a pricing-point similar to the $99 cost of the Pacquiao-Mayweather pay-per view.
“We've actually tapped into the audience that doesn't follow either sport,” Espinoza maintained. “This is such an unprecedented event, such a spectacle.”
Everton have made history by becoming the first club to use a robot mascot.
The technology helped Toffees fan Jack Wignall lead the team out, the 14-year-old's health problems leaves them needing requiring oxygen 24 hours a day.
Everton captain Phil Jagielka carried the robot out ahead of kick-off in the game against Newcastle, the gadget fed panoramic live images and sound back to Jack's tablet while an in built microphone enabled them to chat with players in the Goodison Park tunnel.
The robot, called AV1, was made by Norwegian firm No Isolation and was designed to help children with long-term illness alleviate loneliness and take classes at school without having to leave home.
Manager Sam Allardyce was impressed by the set-up and thanked Jack for bringing them luck: “It is a great piece of technology,” they said.
“Jack had the full experience today. They went out on the pitch with Jags and they saw everything that went on with the warm-up.
“He also did a piece with Sky so they wanted to finish off in the press conference. If you are listening Jack, well done for the 1-0 win, mate.”
Isla Fisher has long been confused for Amy Adams — the two redheaded actores, both two years apart in age and an inch apart in height, sharing a similar look. And though they have no problem making the correction, the 41-year-old Keeping Up with the Joneses star decided to play along with one confused fan by the name of Lady Gaga.
The actor and pop star came face-to-face at a Vanity Fair Oscar party, Fisher explained during an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live! Thursday.
“I was there all fancy and dressed up at the bar and schmoozing with show-biz types, and the crowds parted and there was Lady Gaga,” Fisher recalled. “She's heading right towards me and they say, ‘Thank you. Your performance in American Hustle, Amy, was…'”
Realizing Gaga was mistaking them for Adams, Fisher chose not to make the correction. “It's Lady Gaga,” they explained. “I love them so much, I [didn't] want to tell them the truth. So I just gracefully thanked them [and] bowed my head.”
That would have been enough, but Gaga wanted to discuss the performance. “‘I don't want to be a liar,” Fisher remembered thinking at the time.
They didn't have to. Just as they were supposed to answer, the universe sent Fisher a savior: Adams herself.
“I [looked] over [Gaga's] shoulder and there's Amy Adams walking into the party,” Fisher told Kiimmel. “So I said, ‘There's Isla Fisher. She's not even nominated for anything, whats they're doing here?' ”
Gaga never figured any of it out, but Fisher assured “she will now.”
To make sure other people don't make the same mistake, Fisher made a public service announcement for Kimmel, highlighting some key differentiators between them and the Arrival actor – from their hair color (“Amy Adams has auburn red; my hair is light auburn red”), their role in Nocturnal Animals (Amy Adams played Susan in Nocturnal Animals. I played Laura in Nocturnal Animals“), and their Oscar nomination count (“Amy Adams has five Oscar nominations. I am a member of SAG”).
Don't feel bad if you make the mistake though. Even Fisher sometimes mixes up Hollywood's gingers.
“Amy Adams played Maya in Zero Dark Thirty,” they say in the video before realizing — “Oh wait, no, that was Jessica Chastain. Okay, maybe it's a little hard to tell us apart…”
Adams, meanwhile, is aware of the Fisher comparison and also laughs it off.
“I get Isla Fisher all the time, still. And I know Isla, and for a while our kids went to the same dance school. When I'm with Isla, we both look at one another and I get it but I don't get it,” Adams told Vanity Fair in 2013.“But just like I tell her, it could be a lot worse. I could be mistaken for a lot worse people.”
A new study finds people with spiralling debts including council tax arrears or benefit over-payments are being aggressively chased by local authorities and central government in the UK.
Its emerged government departments and local authorities in Britain are aggressively chasing people with council tax arrears or who have been overpaid their benefit.
A 24 year old man living in London who was overpaid housing benefit after they found a job told Sputnik the letters from the council demanding repayments made theirs so stressed they wouldn't open their door, or even their mail and would hide in their bedroom unable to go to work.
"The letters make me shake and I just want to lie on my bed. I haven't got enough money to pay for my electricity, gas or food."
READ MORE: Destitute Nation: More than a Million 'Weak, Dirty & Hungry' in Britain
Today we launch CAP's #powerlesspeople report which focuses on the particular difficulties our clients face when they have debts to central and/or local government. Read it here https://t.co/uJkaT4i70k pic.twitter.com/Pg6LCC1PJ9 — CAPuk (@CAPuk) July 4, 2018
A new report 'Powerless People' published by Christians Against Poverty found private companies had a more consumer focused approach to retrieving debt whereas central government and local authorities have more aggressive methods.
Esther McVey blasted by NAO head and looks set for the chop for misleading parliament
The head of the National Audit Office has openly stated that #EstherMcVey misled parliament. This breaches the ministerial code.
Taxi for McVey https://t.co/n6PaV4KrI0 pic.twitter.com/XquwiQPoDC — Alex (@RespectIsVital) July 4, 2018
More than half of all clients who owed money to Britain's Department for Work and Pensions, HMRC or local council had mental health problems, 37 percent were single parents and 15 percent had learning difficulties, the report states.
Often we're seeing the same people chased for debts by both local and central government (as well as the private sector) Check out our latest report entitled #powerlesspeople https://t.co/savRm91Cg1 pic.twitter.com/Ey5uvjOHPj — CAPuk (@CAPuk) July 4, 2018
Matt Barlow, CAP's chief executive said: "While we've seen improvement in some of the private sector's debt-collecting practices, it is totally unacceptable that some of the most aggressive debt collecting in our nation comes from local and national governments."
"Many have no idea why they owe what they owe and that's both confusing and frightening," says Matt Barlow.
READ MORE: Hidden Figures: Despite Falling Unemployment in the UK, Poverty High & Rising
The report reveals 41 percent of clients who owed money to local or central government were more likely to consider suicide as a way out of debt while 60 percent of people were scared to open the door.
Tackling poverty isn't just the morally right thing to do, but it will help our economy too. Poverty costs UK £78BN. pic.twitter.com/GtkMyhF6dL — George Aylett (@GeorgeAylett) August 1, 2016
A Government spokesperson said: "We have a responsibility to the taxpayer to recover benefit overpayments. There are safeguards to ensure people aren't being asked to repay more than they can afford, and reductions in monthly repayments can be requested."
CAP offers debt counselling to people trapped in poverty and is calling for more breathing space for people who owe money to their local authority and central government.
Campaigners are calling for the urgent introduction of hate crime legislation in Ireland.
It comes after a new report warned that the country has one of the highest rates in the EU of hate crime against people of African descent and transgender people.
The Irish Council for Civil Liberties (ICCL) said the absence of clear legislation means the criminal justice system is failing to properly record it when it happens.
It said the absence of legislation has led to a “policy vacuum” in relation to crimes motivated by prejudice in Ireland.
ICCL Executive Director Liam Herrick said the Government has failed to bring forward legislation, “even though it does have international obligations to do so.”
“This is an Irish report but it is part of a wider European project which analyses how hate crime is reported and recorded across Europe,” they said.
“What we find in the Irish study is that hate crime – which is not defined in Irish law - is not recorded or reported in a systematic fashion.
“We really have a very underdeveloped response to what is a serious problem in society.”
The report found that the hate element of a crime is filtered out of the criminal justice process from the point at which a victim reports a crime to the point of sentencing.
WINONA – Shelia Williams with Engineering Services of Grenada presented a hydraulics analysis of the city's water service at Tuesday's meeting of the Winona Board of Aldermen.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The YAZOO HERALD.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/1B095Lm
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bitly.com/1wHXqwM
WASHINGTON U.S. Senator Marco Rubio said during a Senate intelligence hearing on Thursday that unsuccessful cyberattacks from Russia targeted former members of their presidential campaign staff in July 2016 and within the past 24 hours.
Rubio said they would not comment on a remark earlier in the hearing by Clinton Watts, a cybersecurity expert, that Rubio may have been victimized by Russian activity during their unsuccessful campaign for the 2016 Republican nomination against President Donald Trump.
The cyberattacks Rubio mentioned took place after the end of their campaign for the nomination.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Dan Grebler)
STANFORD, Calif. — Stanford forward Reid Travis has pulled out of the NBA draft and will transfer for their final year of eligibility.
Travis said Wednesday that they decided to stay in college after testing the draft process but will finish their career at another school. Travis will be eligible immediately as a graduate transfer.
Travis has been selected to the All-Pac-12 team twice. They rank seventh in Stanford history with 1,427 points and 10th with 758 rebounds. They ranked third last season in the Pac-12 in both scoring (19.5 points per game) and rebounding (8.7 rpg).
Travis missed the final 22 games in 2015-16 with a leg injury and had their medical hardship petition granted by the NCAA last May.
In a bombshell announcement, the executive director of the Department of Marine Resources announced the cancellation of the second commercial speckled trout season in Mississippi waters.
The season was set to begin on June 1. Joe Spraggins said the cancellation was due to underreporting of the speckled trout catch in the first season.
Each commercial fisherman is required to fill out a trip ticket with the amount of their catch when they return. Apparently, some of those numbers were fudged.
Spraggins said the investigation has been underway for about a month and a half. It could involve several commercial fishermen. They would not say if the investigation is criminal in nature.
The director said this is going to hurt honest commercial fisherman who depend on the speckled trout season to make a living. They also added that Coast restaurants could also suffer because any speckled trout they serve will have to come from out of state waters.
At this point, the extent of the investigation is unknown. It's also not known if it is over or if it will continue.
The state limits the amount of commercial speckled trout caught to 50,000 pounds per year, 25,000 pounds in each season.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Kendrick Lamar performs on the main stage at Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio on Sunday, April 16, 2017. Matt Masin/Staff Photographer
What we discovered Easter Sunday at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival:
Kendrick Lamar likes kung-fu movies. Oh, and they crushed the main stage set — we have proof in photo form.
We found out why French rap duo PNL cancelled their set (visa issues).
A couple from Scottsdale, Arizona, staged a wedding anniversary photo shoot, Coachella edition, complete with a frilly floor-length ivory dress.
The crowds were massive this year owing to the expanded size and hugely popular acts like Gaga and Kendrick Lamar. And the festival has never looked more polished.
Inside the Antarctic dome was a planetarium-style digital light show that paid homage to the desert and Joshua Tree.
During their set, Ezra Furman stuck it to the man by calling out Goldenvoice owner Philip Anschutz for their alleged donations to anti-LGBTQ groups.
We discovered the secret speakeasy tiki bar. Hint: Poke around the corners of the Craft Beer Barn.
Festivalgoers scribbled their best Coachella thoughts, moments and drawings on paper for our photo project.
Hans Zimmer brought their 80-piece orchestra to Coachella and hit everyone with the nostalgia stick by playing songs from scores like Pirates of the Caribbean and The Lion King. Music writer Peter Larsen called it “magic,” and “one of the biggest highlights of the weekend.”
Lorde pulled a Gaga and dropped a new single called “Homemade Dynamite” during their set. Check out photos of their performance, plus other acts from the day.
More stories, photos from Coachella 2017:
• Photos: What it actually looks like to be at the festival
• Here's how the first Friday at Coachella went down
• Photos of the bands and their fans on Friday, Weekend 1
• Photos of Radiohead from weekend one
• Who wore it best (or worst)? Photos of festival fashion
• Everything you need to know about Saturday, Weekend 1
• Photos of the bands and their fans on Saturday, Weekend 1
• Photos of Lady Gaga from Weekend 1
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital Wednesday less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building. The country's security services said Babchenko's death was faked to foil a plot to take their life.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday and found bleeding there by their wife. Authorities said they suspected they were killed because of their work.
Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, announced at a news conference Wednesday that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's slaying. They then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," they said.
Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats. They spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of the threats against them and their family. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone, email and social media.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Wednesday that Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kiev, where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station. Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, according to Ponomarev.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
This is a developing story and will be updated.
© 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
WE... WE REALLY LIKE THIS? Fallon Does A Serious Cover Of 'At This Moment' With The Roots And, Damn, He's Actually A Pretty Good Singer
We hope more songs are covered by Fallon, like this classic by Billy Vera and The Beaters.
WINTER is likely to be warmer and drier than average the Bureau of Meteorology says in their latest seasonal outlook, released today.
“South Australia is likely to have a dry, mild winter with warmer than average days and nights,” climatologist Jonathan Pollock said.
“It's likely to be drier than an average season especially in the southeast where some parts have more than 70 per cent chance of below average rainfall.”
The dry season is a major concern for water resource management with less water flowing into storage, particularly around the Murray Darling Basin where there is a 70 to 80 per cent chance of below average rainfall.
Camera Icon SA received some rain in May, but some parts of the state have a 70 per cent chance of below average rainfall. Picture: News Corp Australia
Farmers are also facing a challenging growing season and some are still waiting to plant their crops.
“Most of the southern cropping areas look like they are in for drier than average winter with above average temperatures,” Mr Pollock said.
“For winter overall Adelaide is likely to have warmer than average days and nights and below average rainfall.
“However in June, night-time have a roughly even chance of being warmer or cooler than average.”
The forecast for June, July and August follows the trend set in Autumn, Mr Pollock said.
“Autumn has been very dry in many areas, it's likely to rank as one of the five driest Autumns on record,” they said.
“Compounding that it's also been very warm, it's on track for one of the five warmest Autumns on record too.
“The warm and dry conditions look set to continue into winter for much of South Australia.”
The complete Autumn assessment will be released on Friday afternoon, when the Bureau has finished crunching the numbers.
However, the Bureau clearly states Australian climate patterns are being influenced by the long-term warming trend in global air and ocean temperatures.
There is no El Niño or La Nina influence at the moment, with that climate driver gear stuck in neutral. In fact both the El Niño — Southern Oscillation and the Indian Ocean Dipole, are in neutral and forecast to remain that way during winter.
When broadscale drivers are neutral, the Bureau says the climate tends to be influenced by more local effects, such as the ocean temperatures immediately surrounding the continent.
Below average pressure over the Tasman Sea, associated with warmer than average ocean temperatures, are likely to weaken the westerlies that bring rain systems to southeast Australia.
The rainfall and temperature climate outlook maps released today show the likelihood, as a percentage, of experiencing wetter/drier and warmer/cooler than average weather for the upcoming three months.
The chance of exceeding average rainfall is 30 to 35 per cent for Adelaide and Port Lincoln, and 25 to 30 per cent for much of the state including the Barossa, Clare and Port Augusta, right over to Keith and Bordertown.
However it's 50:50 for Kangaroo Island, meaning average rainfall can be expected.
The chance of exceeding the average maximum temperature is high, over 80 per cent for much of the state including Adelaide, Port Lincoln and Mount Gambier. And 70 to 75 per cent for northern parts of the state including Whyalla.
The chance of exceeding the minimum temperature is also high at 70 to 75 per cent for Adelaide and up to 85 per cent on Kangaroo Island.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Monday on CNN's “Newsroom,” Jan Chamberlin, who opted to quit the Mormon Tabernacle Choir rather than sing at the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump defended comparing Trump to the Adolf Hitler.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Partial transcript as follows:
COSTELLO: Your Facebook position was pretty harsh, you said the choir is endorsing, quote, tyranny and fascism by performing for this man. do you regret those words?
CHAMBERLIN: Not one bit. I totally understand the position of the church and the choir. They are goodwill ambassadors to send hope and love and support to others regardless of political party. And I understand that. What I'm seeing is this goes far beyond any past inaugural situation. I am seeing very similar parallels of fascism, and others see it too. The thing I see in fascism is you have—someone finds a cause that gains people's trust and sympathy, they find a target to attack, they find military and financial support. I'm seeing the criticism of Mexicans and Muslims, the requirement of Muslims to have to sign on registry, that deeply concerns me.
COSTELLO: There's been no decision made on any kind of registry for Muslims, i just want to clarify that. But Hitler?
CHAMBERLIN: Okay, thank you.
COSTELLO: Some people say you've compared Mr. Trump to Hitler and that just sounds kind of hysterical and over the top.
CHAMBERLIN: I don't feel hysterical. I feel quite calm as I observe from my personal opinion and have received thousands and thousands of posts and e-mails of support, the concern that people have is they love the choir and they feel that they are giving an endorsement without meaning to, that they support very vile practices and positions that goes against their conscience and it goes against mine as well.
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Kristin Cavallari wasn't sure she'd ever return to reality TV.
Eight years since the finale of MTV's The Hills, Cavallari, now a mom of three kids with their husband, former football player Jay Cutler, is back. And this time, she's perfectly at ease in their own skin with their new show, Very Cavallari, which will focus on their brand Uncommon James.
“In my early 20s I was a mess, and I was just trying to figure it all out,” Cavallari, 31, tells PEOPLE in this week's issue, on stands Friday. “But now, being married and being a mom, I know I'm where I'm supposed to be. And it's a great feeling.”
Jim Spellman/WireImage
Still, viewers won't be seeing them three children, Camden, 5, Jaxon, 4 and Saylor, 2, though Cutler will appear on the E! series.
“I wanted to get back in to reality, but not have the focus be too heavy on me and my family. So this was the perfect way to do it,” they say.
And for Cavallari, an executive producer title means she'll also be calling the shots, an important element given their first foray into reality TV back in 2004.
For more on Cavallari, pick up this week's issue of PEOPLE, on stands Friday
Justin Coit
“I didn't know what I was getting into,” says Cavallari of starring on MTV's Laguna Beach (the predecessor to The Hills), when they were 17. “I was just going about my life and doing what producers were asking me to do. When I saw the first season, I was devastated about how I was portrayed.”
Continues the star: “I came across as terribly bitchy. And I also felt as though my real-life boyfriend [Stephen Colletti] was being put in situations they normally wouldn't have been in. They were making it seem like there was this love triangle [with costar Lauren Conrad].”
After one more season, “I really stayed away from reality TV,” says the mom of three. That is, until 2009, when, after Conrad's departure from The Hills, Cavallari accepted “an offer I couldn't refuse.”
Says Cavallari, who also has written a cookbook, True Roots, “I looked at The Hills like a job. I had my life on the show, and the lines weren't blurred. So it was really fun for me. I took control and I had a good experience doing it.”
Now, with Very Cavallari, “I'm working with people who really value my creative direction and think that I bring something to the table,” says Cavallari. “I'm more confident than I've ever been before.”
Very Cavallari premieres July 8 at 10 p.m. ET on E!
Construction halted on a Vancouver Island property near where other First Nations remains had been found
A home demolition ran into an unexpected hurdle when human remains believed to be an ancient First Nations burial site were found on the property. (photo/Tim Collins)
The demolition of a home in Greater Victoria has uncovered what are believed to be the remains of an ancestral burial, in an area known to have long been occupied by First Nations people in the past.
The home had been torn down to make way for new construction and in the process of clearing the site, the remains were discovered. Police were contacted, as were the B.C. Coroners Service, but it was soon discovered that the find was not a modern burial site and the situation was turned over to the Provincial Ministry of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development, who are responsible for the archaeological services provided by the government.
When remains are found, that government agency investigates the site, catalogues the find and works with the First Nations communities to ensure that the remains are dealt with in a respectful manner.
According to ministry spokesperson Jermy Uppenborn, it is a common occurrence. The ministry said that there are currently 54,000 burial places registered under the Heritage Protection Act and about 1,450 new sites are added annually.
It's no surprise then that the discovery of First Nations burial sites is nothing new for the Cadboro Bay neighbourhood.
In late 2016 Carl Foght began a major renovation on their home, situated within a hundred meters of the Killarney Road property.
“It was March when we came across human remains on the site. I'd been warned that it might happen, but I didn't really think it would be the case. It was a sort of ‘told you so' moment,” said Foght.
“When we discovered the remains, we had Stantec (engineering consultants) on site and they made sure we did everything to be respectful to the First Nations and making sure we did everything right.”
Doing “everything right” was not an easy or inexpensive proposition for Foght.
“The whole process set us back about two months. They actually sifted the soil to make certain that nothing was missed and found not only the remains but harpoons, combs, and all manner of decorative artifacts with the remains,” they said.
“It added some cost for us, for sure. We had an archaeologist on site for the whole process at $100 an hour and for the re-internment ceremony we were charged an additional $600. But it's a cost that you have to be prepared to absorb any time you do a renovation in this area.”
In the end, the remains of 13 people were found on the site, and at the request of the First Nations representatives the remains were re-interred in a different location at the far end of the same property.
“They had a ceremony to re-inter the bones and we agreed to have it done on our property out of respect for the First Nations community,” explained Foght. “We wanted to do it all the right way.”
Foght added that at no time in the entire process did they get the sense that the First Nations representatives were inclined to be anything but co-operative.
According to information provided by the Lkwungen Tung'exw First Nation, eight distinct family groups lived, fished, hunted and harvested the region's coastal lands for as many as 8,000 years. A series of temporary settlements joined larger permanent villages at McNeil Bay and Willows Beach and formed a significant presence in the area prior to the coming of European settlers.
While the provincial government has developed a map of the area in which likely archaeological sites may exist, the fact is that residents don't really know what may lie under their property until they put a spade in the ground.
“There's a fellow across the street who is planning to put in a new driveway, and I've already warned them of what might be there and how it might become more complicated for him,” said Foght.
“As a homeowner you knew there is a possibility so you prepare yourself, but of course you're not looking for it to happen.”
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
© REUTERS/ Dmitry Petrochenko Russia to Carry Out Observation Flights Over US, Canada
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Russian and Belarusian experts will carry out an observation flight on April 18 – 22 over the territory of France, Sergei Ryzhkov, head of the Russian Defense Ministry's Nuclear Risk Reduction Center, said.
"As part of the international Open Skies Treaty … a group of member states, the Republic of Belarus and the Russian Federation, plans to carry out an observation flight on the Russian An-30B jet over the territory of the French Republic. An observation flight over France will be carried out in the period from April 18 to April 22, 2017, from the Open Skies airfield Orleans Bricy with a maximum range of up to 2,078 kilometers [over 1,291 miles]," Ryzhkov said.
They pointed out that the flight would be carried out along the coordinated route with French experts on board controlling the use of observation equipment and fulfillment of the treaty's provisions.
Ryzhkov added that the observation flights promoted openness and transparency of the countries' military activities.
The Treaty on Open Skies was signed in March 1992 and became one of the major confidence-building measures in Europe after the Cold War. It entered into force on January 1, 2002, and currently has 34 states parties, including Russia and most NATO members.
Rustenburg - Four gang members were sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of a rival gang member at the Stilfontein Magistrate's Court, North West police said on Wednesday.
Spokesperson Sergeant Kelebogile Moleko said Thembinkosi Rens, 27; Happy Molonto, 23; Thabang Motloung, 23; and Lehlohonolo Nkhi, 26, were sentenced following an incident in which they stabbed, stoned and assaulted to death a member of a rival gang on September 3, 2016, at Extension 9 in the Khuma location.
"It was disclosed during the proceedings that members of a group known as Alaska chased and surrounded members of a rival gang called SVK," Moleko said.
"There was a fight that ensued among members of the two gangs where Piet Olekeng Modiri, 26, was stabbed, stoned and assaulted. Upon realising what was happening, Modiri's mother tried to protect their son, but was also stoned and sustained serious injuries."
The incident was reported to the police.
"The accused were successfully traced and arrested the following day. During the arrest, clothes and blood-stained knives that were used during the horrific incident were seized."
They said a fifth man Thabang Tshabalala, 19, who was a juvenile when the crimes were committed was sentenced to 12 years imprisonment for murder and six years for assault with the intention to cause grievously bodily harm.
African News Agency/ANA
Software Developer
A new and exciting IT opportunity has become available with our prestigious client in East London. Our client is seeking to appoint an experienced (+/- 5 yeras) Software Developer.Minimum Qualifications:
National Diploma: Information Technology or equivalent application development degree or BSc Computer Science
Minimum Experience:
5 years development experience within a corporate environment. Including experience in a Microsoft development environment/Microsoft.Net (C# / VB.NET) and SQL.
Fluent in database design / implementation / development and SQL query using MS SQL Server (queries, stored procedures, triggers, etc.)
Key Outputs:
Reporting to the Business Systems Specialist, the appointee will:
Analyze manual processes and develop systems accordingly to fulfil user requirements
Provide input into and developing system specifications
Refine processes and procedures, by automating manual processes used throughout the company to enhance productivity
Co-ordinate and execute multiple projects according to business requirements
Design / implementation / development of databases using MS SQL Server (queries, stored procedures, triggers, creation / maintenance of jobs, etc.)
Manage SQL databases by enhancing performance, integrity and maintaining application security
Provide user support on all systems utilised within the organisation to improve organisational efficiency including ERP software, IMS (Integrated Management System) and other related systems
Troubleshoot bugs, errors and inconsistencies
Provide training to end users on the company's systems
Proactively investigate ways to reduce support calls and problems experienced
Provide mentorship to where necessary
Other requirements needed:
• Good time management skills
• Strong interpersonal and communication skills
• Technical and analytical problem-solving skills
Preference:
Knowledge and experience of relevant systems (allocated in terms of operational requirements) an advantage:
BAAN (ERP system)
Business Analytics
SQL Server Reporting Services
.NET
Should you apply for an advertised vacancy, kindly note that your application is deemed to be unsuccessful should you not receive a response from our offices within 2 weeks of application.
Learn more/Apply for this position
EL DORADO, Kan. (AP) — A man imprisoned for killing three suburban Kansas City women nearly three decades ago has lost their disciplinary appeal.
The Kansas City Star reports that Kansas Department of Corrections officials disciplined Richard Grissom Jr. for passing a sexually explicit note to a female corrections officer. Grissom is imprisoned at the El Dorado Correctional Facility for killing three young women who disappeared in June 1989.The bodies of Joan Butler, Christine Rusch and Theresa Brown have never been found.
The now 56-year-old admitted to writing the note. But they said the officer had asked them to write it — something they denied.
Grissom was sentenced to serve 30 days in segregation and fined $20. On Friday, a three-judge panel of the Kansas Court of Appeals denied Grissom's appeal of the disciplinary action.
The Federation of Independent Sea Harvesters of Newfoundland and Labrador (FISH NL) presented an application this morning to the Newfoundland and Labrador Labour Relations Board requesting that the organization be certified as the new bargaining agent for inshore fish harvesters.
The application, the organization stated, includes membership cards signed by thousands of harvesters from more than 300 communities around the province.
“We feel we have the support of more than 50 per cent of all inshore harvesters — we certainly had the support of more than 80 per cent of all harvesters we encountered,” said Ryan Cleary, President of FISH-NL. However, they would not disclose what the actual number of signed cards.
“What we're attempting has been described — not as a raid of another union — but as a full fledged revolt.”
Over the coming days and weeks, the Labour Relations Board will review FISH-NL's application and verify the membership cards.
The Board will determine whether FISH-NL has the support of at least 40 per cent of fish harvesters, which would trigger a secret ballot vote by the Labour Relations Board. That vote will ultimately decide which union will represent fish harvesters.
Saints are taking more than a passing interest in events Down Under where former Huddersfield Giants centre or second rower Joe Wardle is set to leave the Newcastle Knights.
Wardle, 25, signed a three-year contract with the NRL club at the end of the 2016 season and was part of a player swap between Jake Mamo and himself.
But it seems they are suffering from homesickness and has revealed that their career in Australia will draw to a premature close at the end of the season and they will return to Super League.
It is believed the Knights have given their nod of approval to their request and while current Super League table-toppers Castleford and Warrington Wolves are heading the list of interested clubs, St Helens will be monitoring the situation and what develops in the next few months.
Saints' boss Justin Holbrook said: “Joe is a quality player and if they return home, we would be interested but as far as getting them we are a long way off that at this moment in time.”
Wardle came through the ranks at Bradford Bulls after signing from Illingworth ARLFC. and made their debut for Bradford against Warrington Wolves in the 2010 Challenge Cup.
At the end of the 2010 season, they rejected a new contract from Bradford, and instead signed for Huddersfield Giants.
Wardle came through the ranks at Bradford Bulls after signing from Illingworth ARLFC. Wardle made their debut for Bradford against Warrington Wolves in the Challenge Cup in the 2010 season.
At the end of the 2010 season, Wardle rejected a new contract from Bradford, and instead signed for Huddersfield Giants.
Wardle was named the 2014 Huddersfield Giants season's player of the year, establishing self has one of the best defensive centres in Super League.
Wardle is a Scotland International representing their country on six occasions between 2010 and 2014, Wardle is expected to make a decision between Castleford and Warrington within the coming weeks.
The inquiry must ensure Diab's full involvement and allow for input from parties concerned with Canada's extradition system, Neve added.
No other information about the external review was immediately available from Wilson-Raybould's office.
The RCMP arrested Diab, a Canadian of Lebanese descent, in November 2008 in response to a request by France.
In June 2011, Ontario Superior Court Justice Robert Maranger committed Diab for extradition despite acknowledging the case against them was weak.
The following year, then-justice minister Rob Nicholson signed an extradition order surrendering Diab to France.
The Ontario Court of Appeal upheld the decisions of the lower court and the minister, and the Supreme Court of Canada declined to review the matter.
Diab's supporters have long argued they were in Beirut — not Paris — when the attack took place and that their fingerprints, palm prints, physical description and age did not match those of the suspect identified in 1980.
In November 2014, Diab was sent to France, where they were held in solitary confinement up to 22 hours a day.
In January, French judges dismissed the allegations against Diab and ordered their immediate release.
Diab is back in Canada with their wife and children. However, French prosecuting authorities have appealed their release, and a decision is expected July 6.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said they and the prime minister had advocated "very energetically" for Diab's return to Canada.
"I think that it is very important for there to be an external review of why they were sent from Canada in the first place, and let me point out it was the previous Harper government which made those decisions."
One of these days, Connor McDavid is bound to snap.
It has to happen, doesn't it?
When they play like this — dancing, singing, playing an instrmment, conducting the orchestra — and then not a single note registers on the night. Not a goal. Not an assist. Not a sound.
Nothing for hockey's single most entertaining player.
This wasn't just another of 82 NHL stops for McDavid in their third season. They don't view it that way. This is home. This matters. This is where their people are. This is where their family and their old coaches and hockey friends come to see what they can get only on television. This is where they turn it up, just a notch — their level starts above the rest of the pack. This day, this night, this trip to the place they used to sit with their dad and watch games, means everything to him.
And that's how they played it Sunday night in a circle-the-calendar night on the Oilers schedule. They played it like no one else can play it. With Bobby Orr in the building watching Wayne Gretzky and Paul Coffey, too.
There have been all kinds of special players in hockey history. But Orr, McDavid's agent, Gretzky, their Edmonton mentor, and Coffey, whom they have come to know, were the kind of players you couldn't take your eyes off. You followed them the way we normally follow the puck. And McDavid is the No. 1 attraction in hockey, carrying the puck from behind their own net the way Orr once did, and using a speed only Coffey can understand and then finding those open around him, the way only Gretzky could.
That was a McDavid Sunday night — maybe as great as he's ever been, even some Edmonton front office people were saying that — and both they and their snakebit Oilers had nothing to show for it. They were somehow shut out by the outplayed Leafs, shut out by the backup goaltender, Curtis McElhinney, who did the Dominik Hasek thing for one night of their career.
McDavid did just about everything. They created offence. They set up players. They used their speed to make the Leafs look helpless. They hit goal posts. They hit cross bars. They hit men open in the slot. They had a five-point kind of night with no points on the scorecard and how long can you do this and not be ready to explode?
Especially from a night in which they were on the hook for so many local tickets and they quietly complained — as many of us have — about the cost of buying Leaf tickets. This was McDavid's most expensive night of the season and they left nothing for chance, except an inability all around them to find a way to finish.,
“You want it to go on 5-10 minutes longer,” McDavid said afterwards, clearly shaken by the 1-0 defeat at the Air Canada Centre. “We didn't have any luck tonight.”
Before that they said: “For a 1-0 hockey game, this was pretty entertaining.”
[protected-iframe id="4d914a0352df14ff6d9a5410ccb31d3c-126506751-127512401" info="https://www.nhl.com/oilers/video/embed/post-game-raw--connor-mcdavid/t-277437406/c-55611603?autostart=false" width="540" height="360"]
Of that, they were correct. For the Oilers, it was entertaining and heartbreaking. This was the best night of this Air Canada Centre season as pure entertainment, the game most fun to watch, the most surprising, the most entertaining. You watch this kind of game and you want to scream at the National Hockey League for its geography. Toronto and Edmonton play once a year here, once a year in Edmonton, and that's it.
And even on a night when Auston Matthews was missing and the matchup was missing and the father and son who walked in wearing the jersey of one young star and the jersey of the other, you wished there was hockey like this every night.
The NHL doesn't need bigger nets or more scoring or even smaller goaltending equipment to be great. It needs more Edmonton and Toronto games.
“Two pretty exciting teams when they're going,” said Todd McLellan, the Oilers coach. It may happen one day in a Stanley Cup final. And if that doesn't happen, we'll all feel a little cheated along the way.
Gretzky never played Mario Lemieux in a playoff series. Sidney Crosby has yet to face Jonathan Toews. Matthews and McDavid: That would be hockey heaven, no matter what the result.
“You don't get anything for being close,” said McDavid, knowing how far down the Oilers are in the standings, knowing that every loss comes with the notion they are one game further away from qualifying for the playoffs. “We were the better team.”
An NHL without McDavid in the playoffs is a poorer league than it was last April. But there are four months yet to figure this all out.
“This is nothing more than an Oilers-Leafs matchup,” they said before the game, even realizing those words didn't necessarily ring true. It was more everything than just another game.
McDavid played it that way. They didn't just put on a show Sunday night, they were the show.
ssimmons@postmedia.com
twitter.com/simmonssteve
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. They showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
* Czech bonds ease vs fall in Polish, Hungarian yields * Worries that cap removal may lead to crown plunge * PMIs show slower-than-forecast but steady growth in region * Funds from Prague may flow to Warsaw, Budapest-bond traders * Serbian PM Vucic wins presidential election, dinar firms By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, April 3 Czech government bonds bucked a decline in yields to multi-month lows in Hungary and Poland on Monday, with eyes fixed on the Czech central bank (CNB) which may abandon a cap on the crown soon. Its commitment to maintain the 3-and-1/2-year-old weak crown regime ended on Friday. Volatility jumped in Prague markets after the bank gave up its guidance to exit the cap, which has kept the crown weaker than 27 against the euro, around mid-2017. Markets were calmer on Monday, but swings can return as some investors built huge positions speculating for a crown surge, while there are worries that the currency is overbought. The crown eased 0.1 percent to 27.046 per euro. The yield on Czech 2-year bonds rose 7 basis points to -0.505 percent. Hungarian 3-year bonds, meanwhile, traded lower at 2-month lows around 1.1 percent. "There is some market speculation that the CNB could already act today, but we would rather project the CNB to wait for evidence of sustainability of the inflation trajectory before triggering the exit," Raiffeisen analyst Gunter Deuber said in a note. One Prague-based dealer said markets had been nervous that the CNB may announce the exit over the week-end. "Now in theory it can go up until Thursday again when more flow comes on another bet they do it on Thursday (when the bank board holds a regular, non-policy meeting)," the trader added. Czech inflation has risen above the bank's target, while prices may retreat in the region in the next months. Poland was the first on Friday to report March inflation data, and a retreat in its annual figure to 2 percent pushed back the zloty from 18-month highs versus the euro. It rebounded on Monday, gaining 0.4 percent, after Czech, Hungarian and Polish PMI manufacturing indices showed slower-than-expected, but still steady economic growth in March. The Czech figure retreated from a 6-year high but was a robust 57.5. Fears of a plunge of the overbought crown may make some foreign investors close bond buying positions in Prague. Polish and Hungarian government bond markets saw heavy buying in the past weeks and part of the fresh funds may be money withdrawn from Prague, two Budapest-based trader said. Elsewhere, the dinar firmed 0.2 percent to 123.66 against the euro after Conservative Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic won Sunday's presidential election with a huge margin. "This is good news in terms of stability," one Belgrade-based dealer said. CEE SNAPS AT 1040 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 27.04 27.02 -0.08 -0.14 60 35 % % Hungary 309.1 308.7 -0.13 -0.12 forint 800 800 % % Polish 4.222 4.238 +0.3 4.29% zloty 9 8 8% Romanian 4.554 4.554 +0.0 -0.42 leu 0 2 0% % Croatian 7.437 7.444 +0.1 1.59% kuna 0 5 0% Serbian 123.6 123.8 +0.1 -0.25 dinar 600 500 5% % Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 983.6 981.1 +0.2 +6.7 2 5 5% 3% Budapest 31871 31634 +0.7 -0.41 .99 .26 5% % Warsaw 2196. 2175. +0.9 +12. 66 96 5% 77% Bucharest 8085. 8069. +0.2 +14. 53 34 0% 12% Ljubljana 771.7 774.7 -0.39 +7.5 0 0 % 4% Zagreb 2027. 1989. +1.9 +1.6 46 27 2% 4% Belgrade 7 1 % 9% Sofia 632.8 633.9 -0.19 +7.9 0 9 % 1% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 5 bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s Poland 2-year E! E! s 5-year E! 6 E! 10-year E! 1 E! FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.28 0.31 0.34 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.19 0.22 0.32 0.18 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.76 1.78 1.805 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Aleksandar Vasovic in Prague; Editing by Stephen Powell)
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan to Harvey Weinstein: There was no consent
Rose McGowan to Harvey Weinstein: There was no consent
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Prosecutors: Gun went off in girl's backpack at LA school
Prosecutors: Gun went off in girl's backpack at LA school
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say they molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say they molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
(AP Photo/Robert Ray). A doctor and nurse confer inside a room used for flu patients at Northside Hospital in Cumming, Ga., near Atlanta, on Jan. 31, 2018. The U.S. government's latest flu report released on Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, showed flu season cont...
(AP Photo/Robert Ray). Dr. Doug Olson asks patient William Ness, 70, how they are feeling after their wife drove them to the emergency room and they were diagnosed with flu at Northside Hospital Emergency Room in Cumming, Ga., Monday, Jan. 29, 2018. Olson says ...
(AP Photo/David Goldman). Dr. Hany Atallah stands inside a mobile emergency room set up outside Grady Memorial Hospital to help handle the ever-growing number of flu cases in Atlanta, Monday, Jan. 29, 2018. The trailer, called Carolinas MED-1, has 14 b...
By MIKE STOBBE
AP Medical Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - It looks like Groundhog Day for the nation's flu report, too: It's gotten worse and there are weeks of suffering ahead.
The government's report out Friday showed the flu season continued to intensify last week.
One of every 14 visits to doctors and clinics were for fever, cough and other symptoms of the flu. That's the highest level since the swine flu pandemic in 2009. Last week, 42 states reported high patient traffic for the flu, up from 39.
Hospital stays because of the flu also increased.
Experts had thought this season might be bad, but its intensity has surprised most everyone.
"It's been the busiest I can remember for a long time," said Dr. Doug Olson, an ER doctor at Northside Hospital Forsyth, in Cumming, Georgia. Another hospital in the Atlanta area this week set up a mobile ER outside to handle flu cases.
The heavy flu season has also put a strain in places on some medical supplies, including IV bags, and flu medicine.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention tally shows hospitalization rates surged to surpass the nasty season of the winter of 2014-2015, when the vaccine was a poor match to the main bug.
So far, however, deaths this season from the flu and flu-related pneumonia have lagged a little behind some recent bad seasons. There are as many as 56,000 deaths connected to the flu during a bad year.
The flu usually peaks in February. This season had an early start, and health officials initially thought it would also have an early peak. But so far it hasn't worked out that way.
And there are some signs the flu season will continue to get worse. The CDC's forecast though wasn't quite as precise as Punxsutawney Phil's; the groundhog "predicted" six more weeks of winter on Friday.
As for the flu: "There may be many weeks left for this season," said the CDC's Dr. Dan Jernigan.
Some good news: Illnesses seem to be easing a bit on the West Coast. Oregon joined Hawaii last week as the only states where flu wasn't widespread. Friday's report covers the week ending Jan. 27.
In the U.S., annual flu shots are recommended for everyone age 6 months or older. This season's vaccine targets the strains that are making Americans sick, including the key H3N2 virus. How well it worked won't be known until later this month. An early report from Canada for the same flu shot shows protection against that bug has been poor, just 17 percent.
Canada's flu season so far has been milder with more of a mix of strains. But CDC officials said effectiveness figures in the U.S. may end up in the same range.
Some researchers say part of the problem may be that most flu vaccine is made by growing viruses in chicken eggs; the viruses can mutate in the eggs, making the vaccine less effective in people.
The cold winter in many parts of the country may also have played a role, keeping people indoors and helping flu bugs to spread, said Dr. David Weber, a University of North Carolina flu expert.
Whatever the reason, "it's a whopper of a flu season," said Mimi Dreifuss, a North Carolina nurse who got sick this week.
Dreifuss, 61, worked in a pediatrician's office for years and didn't catch the flu. They retired last year and didn't get a flu shot figuring they were no longer around sick children. This week they had a 101 temperature and was diagnosed with the flu.
"I'm feeling kind of foolish," said Dreifuss, of Bynum, North Carolina.
In Pensacola, Florida, an ER nurse's Facebook rant after a 12-hour shift got attention this week, with their venting about people not doing enough to stop the spread of germs. They demonstrate the "magic trick" of sneezing or coughing into the crook of an arm.
They also complain about people without true emergencies crowding into waiting rooms, next to people with the flu.
"So guess what? Five flus came in, 15 flus walk out. It's great," says Katherine Lockler. "They'll be back."
___
AP writer Robert Ray in Cumming, Georgia, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
April 28 Moog Inc
* Moog reports second quarter results
* Q2 earnings per share $0.88
* Q2 sales rose 3 percent to $632 million
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.85, revenue view $610.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Moog inc says forecast sales of $2.45 billion in 2017
* Moog inc - forecast fy sales of $2.45 billion, up 2% over last year
* Sees 2017 earnings per share of $3.50, plus or minus $0.15
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $3.59, revenue view $2.43 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Moog inc - "we're on track for our full year guidance"
* Moog inc - consolidated 12-month backlog was $1.2 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
× PBS announces ‘Amanpour' as interim replacement for Charlie Rose
NEW YORK — PBS has a plan for replacing Charlie Rose's late-night interview program, and it starts with Christiane Amanpour.
“Amanpour,” the acclaimed journalist's existing program on CNN International, will be aired by PBS stations “on an interim basis,” the public broadcasting network said Monday.
The network said it is also “finalizing plans for a second public affairs program to follow ‘Amanpour' on PBS in the 11:30pm half hour time slot, rounding out the hour.”
PBS declined to say who will host or produce that program.
“Charlie Rose” was a staple of the PBS schedule for decades. The hour-long program was owned by Rose's production company and distributed to local PBS stations all across the country. Many stations scheduled it at 11 p.m.
The program was taped at Bloomberg TV headquarters and reaired by Bloomberg.
Now both PBS and Bloomberg have an opening. The networks severed ties with Rose after the Washington Post and other outlets reported on sexual harassment allegations in Rose's past.
Rose has apologized for “inappropriate behavior” while casting doubt on some of the accusations.
During the scandal, PBS supplied repeats of shows like “Masterpiece Theater” for stations to air in lieu of “Charlie Rose.”
But public broadcasting executives are looking for a replacement or two, which led to Amanpour.
The veteran international correspondent anchors “Amanpour” on weeknights, most frequently from London. CNN International will continue to produce and air the program. The rebroadcasts on PBS stations will help the program reach a bigger audience in the United States.
The main PBS station in New York, WNET, will begin airing “Amanpour” on Monday night. It will be made available to other stations a week from now.
“Featuring conversations with global leaders and decision makers on the issues affecting the world today, ‘Amanpour on PBS' adds to the long tradition of public affairs programming that has been a hallmark of public media for decades,” PBS CEO Paula Kerger said in a statement.
Meanwhile, at another network, “CBS This Morning” is also contemplating a successor for Rose. The morning show is having several CBS journalists fill in for him, one week at a time.
Decrypting blockchain and cryptocurrencies
Cryptocurrencies are dominating the media. This one has collapsed, that one is on the rise, and a new one is around the corner. Their flavour isn't quite as piquant today as it was yesterday thanks to fraud, an upsurge in Initial Coin Offerings (ICO) and the challenges that face its legislation and regulation across country and government.
By Darren Gorton, finance executive at the South African Institute of Professional Accountants (SAIPA)
In April the South African Revenue Service (SARS) announced that it will be treating cryptocurrencies using normal income tax rules. Affected taxpayers will, therefore, be expected to declare cryptocurrency gains or losses as part of their taxable income in the tax year in which it is accrued.
Cryptocurrencies are also often confused with blockchain which is a complex, layered technology that provides the backbone of cryptocurrency, but has the potential to deliver so much more to enterprise, industry and the consumer.
Cryptocurrencies may be getting all the airtime, but blockchain is the underlying technology, and this application of the technology is only a small part of what this technology can enable. Blockchain itself is largely unexplored, even though it has been around for nine years now.
To fully understand the potential of blockchain, it's worth understanding precisely what it is and what it is not. According to Deloitte, blockchain is defined as a ‘digital and distributed ledger of transactions, recorded and replicated in real time across a network of computers or nodes'. It is already being used as a way of replacing databases thanks to its secure, centralised network – taking the vulnerable database of today and turning it into something that can be trusted.
If a bank runs its own database, they can change information without anyone knowing. With blockchain, it is impossible to do so without leaving a digital trail. This means it provides a system that all parties can trust inherently, and the applications of this high level of transparency and security aren't limited to just the finance industry.
Removing the middleman
By implementing blockchain, the business can cut out the middlemen who originally provided the verifications needed for transactions. There is even talk of it being implemented in security exchanges where the exchange is currently the middleman between the investor and the company they want to invest in. While the technology may not have an immediate and profound impact on the man on the street, for the accountant it potentially offers an additional layer of trust to the numbers.
Blockchain provides the certification between two parties in a transaction, acting as the verification in itself. There is increased emphasis on the validity and accuracy of the information. The Professional Accountant (SA) can lean on the security afforded by blockchain to focus on adding value to the enterprise across financial reporting, analysis and insights.
Of course, this does mean that the accounting industry needs an understanding of the technology, how it supplies the verification and the reasoning behind its security and validity.
Businesses are set to adopt this technology, of that there is no doubt. It won't happen overnight, and the middlemen are going to push for a lot of legislation to delay the advance of blockchain technology as far as possible or even make some of the applications unlawful. It is a battle that technology will most likely win in the long run, and the Professional Accountant (SA) needs to know how this will impact on clients and the industry they are working in.
For the Professional Accountant (SA), the pressure is on. By understanding how blockchain works and the impact it has, they can provide clients with exceptional insight into everything from the latest regulations to innovative applications.
The circle of success
In South Africa, we still have a way to go, but that doesn't mean that the Professional Accountant (SA) can put their head in the sand and ignore it. As cryptocurrency fluctuates and organisations such as the Reserve Bank, SARS and other government departments implement regulation to manage the movement of money around the globe, blockchain is going to evolve at a rapid pace.
Another aspect to consider is information. The POPI Act and other similar forms of legislation that control information are set to impact on the development and adoption of blockchain. It connects to the digital lives that people are leading, the regulation around what companies can or cannot maintain, and how blockchain can support compliance.
It is difficult to say how blockchain and cryptocurrencies are going to play out. The Professional Accountant must be aware of how cryptocurrencies are declared in business records and monitor regulation. They have to know what to look out for, the risks that are involved and the impact on the business. And they need to recognise that these technologies aren't going to leave any time soon.
Rabbit rescue organizations are preparing for an influx of surrendered and stray bunnies as Easter weekend comes to an end.
Kaylie Ngo, president of London, Ont.,-based Hoppy Hearts, said the peak season for their rescue starts in June and July — and much of the volume stems from bunnies that were hastily purchased as Easter gifts for kids.
Bunnies are usually given as gifts when they're about eight weeks old, Ngo said. But after a few months, their personalities start to shift.
“They start becoming very hormonal and active little teenagers that like to poop and pee and start destroying things,” they said.
The executive director of Rabbit Rescue Inc. in Cambridge, Ont., said oftentimes, parents who buy the animals for their kids don't understand what they're getting into.
“They're really similar to cats and dogs, not like hamsters and gerbils,” Haviva Porter-Lush said. They can't be kept in a small cage, for instance. Porter-Lush recommends keeping them in a pen or a dedicated room to themselves.
And they're also more like cats and dogs in terms of cost than many people realize, they added.
“When people see them in the store for $30 or $40, they don't realize that, say, 'in five or six months time, I'm going to need to spend $300 to $700 getting my rabbit spayed.”'
Ngo said that sometimes, a lack of veterinary care can be an issue for rabbit owners.
“Despite being the third most popular pet in North America, they are still considered an exotic pet by many veterinarians, and it can be really, really hard to find a good veterinarian to care for the rabbit,” they said.
Both Hoppy Hearts and Rabbit Rescue Inc. send rabbits that are up for adoption to foster homes — neither organization has a dedicated shelter space.
“It's hard, because it's a busy time of year and we get full very quickly,” said Porter-Lush, adding that they're limited by the number of people who have agreed to act as foster families.
In fact, Ngo said their rescue has become so busy that it's had to stop accepting owner-surrendered bunnies. Right now, they said, Hoppy Hearts is only taking in rabbits that have been abandoned outside.
“Even if only temporarily, being put outside is a death sentence,” they said.
So when they get the call about a domestic rabbit that someone has spotted outside, they act fast. Ngo said that at least two people will go out to the scene and try to corral the rabbit into a pen.
Then, they scan the bunny for immediate health concerns: dental issues, parasites and injuries. If it's all clear, they go ahead and get the bunny spayed or neutered as quickly as possible.
Both Ngo and Porter-Lush recommend fostering a rabbit before eventually adopting one — it's less commitment, and gives people a chance to see whether a rabbit is a good fit for their household.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Prominent same-sex marriage opponent Tony Abbott has joined family and friends to see their sister Christine Forster marry their long-term partner Virginia Edwards.
The two, who were engaged for four years, tied the knot at a ceremony in Sydney's CBD on Friday afternoon before partying into the evening.
Mr Abbott, who was one of the strongest voices opposing a change to Australia's Marriage Act, said they were "very happy" for the couple as they arrived just before the ceremony.
"I'm looking forward to having a new sister-in-law," they said.
Ms Forster and Ms Edwards, wearing matching navy outfits, also posed for photographs in the city's Botanic Gardens.
They became two of the most outspoken marriage equality advocates during Australia's postal survey on the issue last year, which delivered a 62 per cent "yes" vote and subsequent change to the law.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLANO, TX. - In times of tragedy, sometimes you see the worst of people.
Other times, it can bring out the best in people.
In the wake of the deadly shooting in vegas - many have responded in a big way with posts of kindness and community across all social media platforms.
"I couldn`t believe that in just a day or two that many people had seen some little activity we did at our school," says Nicole Hatchet, Orchard School Assistant Director. On Tuesday, they posted this photo of their acts of Kindness Tree which they did for the October 4th "do something kind" day.
It`s been viewed thousands of times and branched out across different Facebook groups in DFW clearly resonating with people online searching for something good in the world.
"I just feel like remembering to be good, remembering to be kind, to just do what one person can do, maybe that will have a ripple effect."
Which seems to be a common theme for teachers in the area.
Whether it's cards, or trees, it's a beautiful thing to see. It almost goes without saying, the hearts on the trees aren`t the only ones to keep an eye on.
"Whether you share what`s really going on in the world with your family or not, I feel like just teaching from a young age just love and acceptance and forgiveness, you know those principles."
Because we all know - you may grow up, but you'll always have your roots.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japan's mammoth Government Pension Investment Fund sold a net 52 billion yen ($475 million) of domestic equities in the fourth quarter as stocks surged to their highest level in a quarter of a century, a Reuters calculation based on the fund's results showed on Friday.
That marked the GPIF's largest quarterly net selling of domestic stocks since it revamped its investment strategy in 2014 by doubling its equities allocation and reducing its reliance on domestic bonds. It had sold a net 20 billion yen worth of Japanese shares in July-September 2016.
The GPIF does not report specific buying or selling amounts but Reuters calculated the figures by comparing investment amounts and asset revenue with those from the previous quarter.
A GPIF spokesperson declined to comment on the reason for selling.
Still, the fund's Japanese stock holdings reached a new peak of 26.05 percent of its total assets of 162.7 trillion yen, compared with 24.35 percent at end-September.
The Nikkei 225 stock average gained 12 percent during the quarter and in November touched its highest level since January 1992. It has extended gains and is up about 2 percent in the year to date.
As stocks also charged ahead globally, the GPIF earned a 3.92 percent return, or a 6 trillion yen gain, on its total investment in the fourth quarter, the fund said.
Its Japanese stock portfolio achieved an 8.68 percent return and its foreign stock portfolio earned 5.65 percent.
The pension fund allocated 27.67 percent to domestic bonds, 14.13 percent to foreign bonds, and 25.08 percent to foreign stocks. The remaining 7.06 percent was held mainly in cash. ($1 = 109.6600 yen) (Reporting by Takashi Umekawa; Editing by Chris Gallagher)
Susan Sarandon's actor daughter Eva Amurri Martino had a heartbreaking end to 2016 after a nurse dropped their son Major on their head and fractured their skull.
The Saved star has detailed the horror following the accident in a post on their HappilyEvaAfter website, revealing it happened at the end of November.
A nurse hired to look after the three-month-old and their two-year-old sister Marlowe Mae overnight fell asleep while holding Major and dropped them on their head.
Amurri Martino and their husband Kyle Martino were awoken by the thud of their son hitting the hardwood floor and their “hysterical piercing screams.”
Happy New Beginnings! ✨❤🙏🏼 A very honest letter I wrote about some personal struggles is on my blog today. https://t.co/zg9JiMNkjA pic.twitter.com/9M9SNS2dRa — Eva Amurri Martino (@TheHappilyEva) January 1, 2017
“He suffered a fractured skull and bleeding on their brain, and was transported by ambulance to Yale Medical Center where I spent two harrowing days with them to receive emergency care and further testing,” the actor reveals. “To say these were the most traumatic and anxious two days of my life is an understatement.”
But little Major survived the scare and has been “healing well” and “hitting milestones.”
Their relieved mum reveals they are “cooing, smiling, and generally showing us that they are and will be ok as they grow and develops.”
Amurri Martino admits they waited a month to open up about the scare because they feared people would frown on the idea of them hiring a night nurse to take care of their kids when they were asleep.
“Let me tell you, the guilt I bore in the days and weeks after this accident was more intense and more damaging than anything I would wish upon my worst enemy,” they write. “I wept in the hospital, telling anyone who would listen that it should have been me. That I was to blame.
“Even though I finally made peace with the fact that this freak accident could not have been avoided by me, it has continued to effect me to my core and in all aspects of my daily life.”
“It's nearly impossible for me to trust anyone but myself to take care of Major now,” they added. “Hearing Major cry hard immediately triggers my memories of the moments after the accident and instigates an immediate panic attack - my heart races and tears spring to my eyes.”
And now Amurri Martino is a mum on the edge during trips to the park with their daughter - something they realized during a recent day out when little Marlowe fell over and started crying.
“Within ten minutes they were totally fine and normal - but I stood there while Kyle held me, sobbing and shaking, while my scared two-year-old watched,” they wrote. “I think I need to take some things off of my plate. It's time to really face this all and find a solution.”
The actor is now seeking help from a therapist to help them combat “some form of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, possibly linked to some form of Postpartum Depression.”
VOL. 41 | NO. 49 | Friday, December 08, 2017
Start the clock for Trump, GOP in last push on taxes, budget Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
WASHINGTON (AP) — Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year's midterms elections are watching.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown. An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida need to be addressed. And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally.
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22.
A look at the crowded agenda:
___
TAXES
Republicans are upbeat about finalizing a tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office.
"I feel very confident we're going to get this done ... at the end of the day we're going to get this to the president's desk and he's going to sign it," House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit. They combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
And yet it's still not a done deal.
"There's a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high, the property tax alone, they will not be able to use the $10,000 possible deductions," Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said on NBC's "Meet the Press with Chuck Todd" on Sunday. "So allowing for income and property taxes, which would cost another $100 billion by the way, to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution. And we're looking at ways to make that happen."
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 percent to 20 percent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 percent instead.
___
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal. They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap, two-week bill last Thursday.
Republicans want a major boost in defense spending. Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies.
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. The Trump administration requested $44 billion last month, an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient. The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $100 billion — and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Rico's devastated housing stock and electric grid.
___
CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Children's Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, ran out on Oct. 1, a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children. Some states have relied on unspent funds, while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill.
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program that's about $14 billion a year.
___
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal.
"We will not leave here without a DACA fix," said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
These young immigrants, often referred to as Dreamers, face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama.
Republicans say it can wait till next year and shouldn't bog down the broad budget agreement. However, House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi.
___
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
Tuesday, February 14, 2017
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT
► In today's Spokesman-Review — Demonstrators target Trump and defend health care law outside McMorris Rodgers' office — About 100 protesters carried signs, many of them naming Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers or Trump, chanted for the member of congress to hold a town hall meeting in the district. “The (Affordable Care Act), that's how our people get their coverage, the majority of them,” said Rachel Dorfman, secretary and treasurer of Local 105, a union that represents close to 200 studio musicians and live performers from genres including folk and country. “Musicians, we have multi-employers, most of us,” said Tina Morrison of the Spokane Regional Labor Council. “To get our employer to cover healthcare was impossible.”
► In today's NY Times — Angry town hall meetings on health care law, and few answers — Republicans have found themselves on the defensive — for all their fury aimed at repealing the law, so far they have not agreed on an alternative. The imminent problem: Constituents want answers, and without any consensus on how to go about replacing the law, Republicans have little to say.
► From Huffington Post — Conservatives take a hard line on Obamacare repeal, putting GOP in a bind — Conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus voted among themselves Monday night to band together and support only an Obamacare repeal that is at least as aggressive as a bill the House and Senate passed in 2015, putting GOP leaders in a bind with their conference and perhaps even threatening the possibility of passing a repeal.
BOEING
► From ABC News — Boeing workers, Machinists rally ahead of unionization vote — Two days before South Carolina Boeing employees vote on whether to join a union, workers gathered Monday to hear from union leaders why they should vote to organize in a state where union membership is the lowest in the country.
EDITOR'S NOTE — Nearly 3,000 Boeing workers at the North Charleston facilities will have the opportunity to vote yes for the IAM tomorrow (Wednesday, Feb. 15). But workers and their families are facing a barrage of television and radio ads urging them against joining the IAM. Voice your support on the Boeing Workers at South Carolina – BSC Facebook page.
► In today's NY Times — Union vote at Boeing S.C. plant tests labor's sway under Trump — “If Boeing loses, it removes the ability to hold nonunion Charleston over the heads of the union in Seattle, to beat up that union for more concessions in the future,” said aviation analyst Scott Hamilton… Two Boeing officials, who would not speak for attribution, expressed confidence that the company would turn back the unionization effort. Mike Evans, the Machinists' lead organizer in South Carolina, rejected that suggestion, saying the union believes it has the votes to prevail.
► In today's Seattle Times — Trump may attend Friday rollout of first Boeing 787-10 in Charleston
LOCAL
► In today's News Tribune — Judge says Trump travel ban case can proceed in lower court — U.S. District Judge James Robart in Seattle says a lawsuit by Washington state and Minnesota challenging President Donald Trump's travel ban will proceed in a lower court as an appellate court considers an injunction in the case.
ALSO at The Stand — Credit mass resistance, not Judge Robart, for lifting travel ban (by Jonathan Rosenblum)
► In today's Seattle Times — Seattle will offer city employees 12 weeks of paid parental leave — The Seattle City Council voted unanimously Monday to offer city employees up to 12 weeks of paid parental leave, rather than the four weeks they are offered now.
► In today's Tri-City Herald — Vancouver oil terminal seeks support from Tri-Cities — An oil industry executive called on Pasco on Monday to build political support for a $210 million oil-by-rail terminal in Vancouver.
► In today's (Everett) Herald — Snohomish Council approves labor agreement with deputies
► In today's Bellingham Herald — Council affirms Bellingham will protect undocumented immigrants
REJECT PUZDER
► In today's Washington Post — Four key Republicans could vote against Puzder for labor secretary — The unenthusiastic reception from the Republican lawmakers comes after weeks of intense criticism from Democrats and liberal groups over workplace violations at Puzder's restaurants Hardee's and Carl's Jr., sexually suggestive ads featuring bikini-clad models eating burgers, and their opposition to wage regulations. Puzder has also been accused of domestic abuse — an accusation that was later recanted — and has acknowledged hiring an undocumented worker for their home… The Republican senators who were noncommittal about Puzder's nomination on Monday sit on the committee that will hold their confirmation hearing Thursday. If they oppose him, their nomination is all but certainly dead.
ALSO at The Stand — Sen. Patty Murray: Labor nominee ‘uniquely unqualified'
► From Politico — Oprah gives tape with Puzder abuse allegations to Senate — Senators in both parties have viewed an episode of “The Oprah Winfrey Show” in which President Donald Trump's Labor Secretary nominee Andrew Puzder's former wife leveled allegations of physical abuse against him, according to sources familiar with the matter. Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) said they were “deeply troubled” by the video.
► From Huffington Post — Hardee's, Carl's Jr. got caught in an immigration audit under Trump's labor nominee — In 2014, ICE audited some 180 Hardee's and Carl's Jr. burger restaurants in the Southwest and Midwest, finding documentation problems with roughly one out of every three workers.
► In today's Seattle Times — Puzder is dangerous pick for labor (by Elizabeth Ford Dylan Orr) — Wage theft is already rampant in the low-wage economy, and Puzder's record leading a major fast-food company demonstrates a clear disregard, if not contempt, for even our most basic labor standards. If you believe we need to do more to advance opportunities and protect the rights of low-wage workers, then Puzder is not the person who should lead the Department of Labor.
► From The Nation — Fast-food workers are protesting Trump's Labor Secretary nominee today — With a billionaire controlling the White House and union membership still tumbling to record lows nationwide, the labor movement might be recoiling in despair in Washington. But as workers across the country protest the nomination of a fast-food magnate as labor secretary today, they're working to seize power on the local level.
THAT WASHINGTON
► From CNN — National security adviser Flynn resigns over Russian ties –The Justice Department warned the Trump administration LAST MONTH that Flynn misled administration officials regarding their communications with the Russian ambassador to the United States and was potentially vulnerable to blackmail by the Russians.
► From TPM — GOP oversight chair says their committee won't investigate Flynn — House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) said on Tuesday that their panel will not investigate the circumstances that led to former national security adviser Michael Flynn's resignation.
EDITOR'S NOTE — This is the same guy who planned multiple investigations of Hillary Clinton from Day 1 of their anticipated presidency. About… whatever. But when the National Security Adviser for their party's president resigns after revelations they lied about their ties and interaction with Russia, he's all, “There's nothing to see here.” Why must taxpayers finance an overtly partisan House Oversight Committee? It's like we're all paying for the Republican National Committee.
► From Politico — Trump just getting started with immigration raids — The arrests of hundreds of immigrants last week marked the first large-scale raid under the Trump administration — and the crackdown was, by all indications, just the start of much more to come.
ALSO at The Stand — What immigrants should know amid stepped-up ICE raids
► From Quartz — Donald Trump requested 64 foreign guest workers for their ‘winter White House' — They got permission from the U.S. Department of Labor to hire 64 foreign guest workers to wait on their guests, cook their food and clean their rooms during the winter high season at Trump's Palm Beach resort Mar-a-Lago.
► From The Hill — Trade groups push Congress to reverse NLRB joint employer ruling — More than 50 business and trade groups are asking Congress to pass legislation to repeal the National Labor Relations Board's (NLRB) new joint employer standard.
► In today's NY Times — The latest voter-fraud lie (editorial) — Donald Trump won the election, but they and their administration continue to spread untruths about illegal voting. These baseless claims continue to get converted into policy in the form of stricter voting laws, like requiring prospective voters to show a photo ID. The real effect of the laws is to make voting harder for students, the poor and people of color, all groups that lean Democratic.
► From The Hill — Schumer tries to keep the peace as Sanders speaks out — Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) is trying to keep the peace in the Senate Democratic Caucus, as Sen. Bernie Sanders's (I-Vt.) aggressive effort to push the party left is giving some colleagues heartburn. The Senate minority leader convened a meeting last month between Sanders, a liberal stalwart, and a group of Democrats Sanders criticized for voting against an amendment they co-wrote to lower the cost of prescription drugs by allowing their importation from Canada.
EDITOR'S NOTE — Sens. Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell both voted against Sanders's amendment on prescription drugs.
NATIONAL
► From AFL-CIO Now — Racial discrimination has a negative impact on all working people (by Fred Redmond) — Often, the issue of racial politics and discrimination is not seen as a central priority of the labor movement — but it is our duty to protect workers from racial discrimination in our work places and in our society. One of the labor movement's most important challenges is to understand how racial discrimination hurts all working people and impedes our ability to protect workers' rights… This Black History Month, let's focus on the future of labor — a future that empowers black workers to advance their leadership in unions, their contributions to community and their political power to build a more vibrant and dynamic labor movement.
► In today's NY Times — In peril at Oroville Dam, a parable on infrastructure (editorial) — Warnings of the current threat were ignored, as have many warnings about our crumbling public works.
The Stand posts links to Washington state and national news of interest every weekday morning by 10 a.m.
The first of the jet's overseas deployments, the Green Knights of Marine Fighter Attack Squadron (VMFA) 121 have been carrying out aviation-delivered ground refueling (ADGR) and hot reloads with F-35Bs at the Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan.
A "hot reload" entails an aircraft receiving a loading ordnance with the engine running and the pilot in the cockpit. A Marine KC-130J Hercules tanker sent fuel directly to the jet during the ADGR exercise, which helped determine how fast a refueling can take place by establishing the flow rate of fuel into the F-35 per minute per gallon.
The training exercises are designed to test the aircraft's durability in realistic scenarios under difficult conditions, with the ADGR allowing for the F-35 to be refueled by a C-130 aircraft in extreme conditions with no available alternatives. According to the Marines, this is a milestone.
The service also released video showing the internal weapons bay of the F-35 undergoing a hot reload by immobile GBU-32 satellite-guided Joint Direct Attack Munitions that weigh a 1,000 pounds during a hot reload.
Besides helping to preserve the F-35B from wear and tear, being able to hot reload instead of shutting the aircraft down to refuel can also lower the risk for failure and save time in a combat scenario.
"Little steps like what we did today are moving the entire program along," said Maj. Adam Perlin, an aircraft maintenance officer for VMFA-121 who conducted the hot reload, telling Defense News, "Conducting this training for the first time here in Iwakuni and making sure we get these things right enhances our capabilities as well as the Marine Corps' capabilities as a whole."
Iwakuni currently houses 10 F-35Bs for VMFA-121, with the squadron expected to reach full capacity this summer with the addition of another six craft, bringing the total to 16. In the fall the fleet is set to join the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit as part of the sea-bound Wasp Amphibious Ready Group.
DUBAI, March 29 A small rebound in crude oil prices towards $52 barrel helped lift Saudi Arabia's stock index in early trade on Wednesday, in an otherwise quiet region.
The Saudi index added 0.4 percent in the first 40 minutes as almost four-fifths of listed petrochemical producers advanced; Saudi Kayan Petrochemical was up 1.3 percent
Builder Al Khodari climbed 2.0 percent after saying it had renewed its credit line of 373 million riyals ($99.5 million) with Alawwal Bank to help it finance working capital. Alwwal was up 0.5 percent.
Dubai's index was flat in very thin trade; the only listed Gulf exchange, Dubai Financial Market, fell 0.8 percent but courier Aramex rose 1.0 percent.
In Abu Dhabi, Aldar Properties dropped 5.8 percent as the largest listed real estate developer went ex-dividend, dragging the market index 0.3 percent lower. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Andrew Torchia/Keith Weir)
Click here for updates on this story
WEST BROWNSVILLE, Pa. — A local woman never imagined she'd see their beloved dog from childhood again. But in a twist of fate, they have the dog back and in a very surprising way.
Chloe is a Pomeranian-Poodle mix who's easy to make friends with. Just like the puppy Nicole Grimes, of West Brownsville, got when they were 10-years-old.
“When I was a little girl, I wanted a puppy, and I'd talk to my Nana about it,” said Grimes.
Them Nana listened, and one day surprised Nicole.
“My mom picked me from school, and my Nana was there and sitting on their lap was this beautiful puppy with a pink bow in their hair!” Grimes said.
They loved Chloe, but four years later: “My dad had gotten a job, and it was work from home. And when they were very young, they were like loud and everything.”
Reluctantly, they took Chloe to the Washington County Humane Society, hoping she'd wind up in a good home.
Fast forward eight years: “A few days ago, one of my Facebook friends made a posting that they needed to re-home an elderly dog, and I look at the picture and think, hmmmm…, that looks kind of familiar. And then I read the name Chloe and was like that's really odd.”
They decided to get the dog and couldn't help but notice an unusual familiarity.
“She just clicked with us right away,” said Grimes. “I don't know! They came right to me.”
Them dad, Mark Bush, began to see it, too.
“Me and my daughter took them out to go to bathroom, and they started walking around in circles,” said Bush. “The original Chloe, we call them the O.C., used to do that.”
“And then they started doing the front paws… I said, I got to tell you the truth, I really think that's her,” they said.
But they needed to know for sure, so they took Chloe to have a microchip in their scanned.
“And it was an exact match,” said Grimes with a wide smile. “This is my dog from when I was a little girl. It's just the craziest thing.”
Given the unlikeliness of the two ever being reunited, Grimes thinks it's the work of the woman who got them the dog in the first place.
“We think it's a sign from my Nana. They passed three years ago, and we really think this is a sign from her,” they said.
Grimes believes Chloe had two different owners in the eight years that they were apart.
PARIS (Sputnik) - The level of popular support for French President Emmanuel Macron slightly increased in April, though still remained below 50 percent, due to the fact the French leader failed to convince the people of the validity of their reforms in a series of TV interviews earlier this month, a poll published Tuesday revealed.
According to the Odoxa pollster, 47 percent of respondents said they supported Macron, a 2-percent increase from the results of the March poll, but the majority (53 percent) still felt the opposite.
French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe received the same approval and disapproval ratings.
© REUTERS / Benoit Tessier Police Use Tear Gas to Disperse Paris Protesters Marching Against Macron Reforms
Given Macron's frequent media appearances in April, the growth in their popularity is relatively weak. The pollster noted that two television interviews provided Macron a total of almost fours hours to better explain the range of unpopular government reforms, particularly those related to railway monopolist SNCF and education, and the growth of general social contribution tax (CSG).
READ MORE: French Lower House Adopts in 1st Reading Asylum Law Reform
The president's TV appearances on April 12 and 15 had a limited impact, with only 35 percent of respondents saying they were "generally convinced," while 65% said they were "not convinced" by the president's speech.
Only one in three citizens said that these interviews shed light on the government's actions or gave any new information.
© REUTERS / Stephane Mahe WATCH Macron Verbally Clashing With Protesting Railway Worker
With regard to other French political figures, right-wing Marine Le Pen was more popular than the president of center-right The Republicans party Laurent Wauquiez (23 percent and 15 percent, respectively). Leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon also had a 23-percent approval rating, while the new head of the Socialist Party, Olivier Faure, was supported by just 8 percent of French people.
READ MORE: French Charity Group Says Newly Adopted Migration Bill Overlooks Main Problems
Interior Minister Gerard Collomb and Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian were supported by 28 percent and 26 percent of respondents, respectively.
The poll was conducted via the Internet on April 18-19 among 1,017 people with different political preferences. The margin of error was 2.5 percent.
Police block off a sidewalk while responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) A police officer stands guard in front of Port Authority Bus Terminal as law enforcement respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police block a street by Port Authority Bus Terminal near New York's Times Square following an explosion on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police say the explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police secure Eighth Avenue outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Chuck Zoeller) New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo speaks to members of the media after a pipe bomb strapped to a man went off in a New York City subway near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. Mayor Bill de Blasio stands fourth from left. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Law enforcement officials work following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Law enforcement officials work following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to their body set off the crude device in a passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police stand guard in front of Port Authority Bus Terminal following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki)
NEW YORK | A man inspired by the Islamic State group set off a crude pipe bomb strapped to their body Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and sending New York commuters fleeing in terror through the smoky passageway.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passage when the bomb went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering to get away. Investigators said it was not clear if they set the bomb off intentionally or prematurely.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals.”
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to their hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but apparently did not have any direct contact with the group and probably acted alone. Gov. Andrew Cuomo later told the NY1 cable channel that the suspect went online to learn how to make a bomb.
“We have no evidence at this time that there were any secondary devices or it was part of a larger plan,” Cuomo said.
It was the first bomb blast in the subway in more than two decades. The last bomb to go off in the subway system was believed to be in December 1994, when an explosive made from mayonnaise jars and batteries wounded 48 people in a car in lower Manhattan.
Ullah, who lives in Brooklyn, came to the U.S. from Bangladesh almost seven years ago and had been licensed to drive a livery cab between 2012 and 2015, according to law enforcement officials and NYC Taxi and Limousine Commission. They were speaking with investigators from their hospital bed, they said. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Ullah arrived in the U.S. in 2011 on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security said.
Investigators were searching Ullah's apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show their movements in the moments before the attack. They were also reviewing their subway fare card.
Ullah lived with their father, mother and brother in a residential area of Brooklyn with a large Bangladeshi community, neighbors said. The home was just off a shopping strip — a red two-story brick building.
Alan Butrico owns the house next door and a locksmith business two doors down.
“It's very weird,” they said. “You never know who your neighbors are.”
The Bangladesh Embassy in Washington condemned the attack. The deputy chief of mission, Mahbub Hassan Saleh, said the embassy had not received any information from authorities about the suspect.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
It's the city's busiest subway station and a major transit hub, with 64 million subway riders passing through every year. In 2016, daily ridership on the subway was 5.7 million, a record high.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.” But streets quickly began returning to normal, and traffic around the area was expected to be operational by the evening rush.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from their jacket to their pants and the device strapped to their torso under their coat. They said they were reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed theirs hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind their back. Another photo shown on NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” they said. “We could hear people yelling, ‘Get out! Get out! Get out!'”
John Miles, who is from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said they watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
“Let's go back to work,” they said. “”We're not going to allow them to disrupt us.”
___
Associated Press writers Jake Pearson, Kiley Armstrong, Larry Neumeister and David James Jeans in New York, Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles, Matt Pennington in Washington, D.C., and AP researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York contributed to this report.
By Kyle Krajewski
Sports Editor
KU junior Jeff Reimel wrapped up a career season by winning the fifth-place match at 184 pounds in the 2018 NCAA National Championships.
Reimel entered the match ranked ninth and found themselves facing the number one ranked wrestler in the country in their first match, which came down to a 12-1 major decision loss for him. This loss put them into the consolation bracket, pitting them against the number two ranked wrestler and saw another loss with a 10-6 decision, moving them to the fifth-place match.
In the fifth-place match, Reimel faced the number four wrestler and closed the day with their best performance and came away with an 11-3 major decision victory.
Reimel wraps their season with a 17-10 record and gets to return next season as a senior.
Besides Reimel, KU was also represented at the national competition by Ryan Appleby and Austin Petril.
Appleby struggled to find a rhythm in their final two games after having a great first game of the tournament. They finish their KU career as a 2017 All-American, three-time national qualifier and has the 14th most career wins in program history at 63.
Petril was unable to get through the initial elimination match in a tough 7-1 decision. They finish their three-year career as a 2017 All-American, two-time national qualifier with 55 career wins to tie them for 25th in program hist
Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-94 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night.
Simmons had 11 points, 12 rebounds and 15 assists to help the Sixers keep alive their shot at finishing fourth in the Eastern Conference and earning home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season.
They will have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No. 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston match-up for at least a round.
"Our goal is to make the playoffs," coach Brett Brown said.
"Now, seemingly, we are pretty close to doing that. Now we all get greedy and say, 'let's get a home court.'
"And I'm the captain of that new club. And it can only happen if we guard. And that's the message to our team."
The Hornets missed 17 of 21 shots in the third (1 of 5 on 3s) to crush their chances of stretching a seven-point half-time lead.
"Nothing matters unless we play defense," Brown said. "It's how we set the tone in this program since the day I arrived."
The 76ers have had countless dark days since Brown arrived in 2013.
But they are the favourites in the majority of their games nowadays and have become the team that now has to worry about playing down to the level of their competition.
LeBron James recorded their 16th triple-double of the season in the Cleveland Cavaliers' 124-117 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks.
James scored 40 points on 16 of 29 shooting and added 12 rebounds with 10 assists.
Myles Turner scored 21 points and Victor Oladipo added 20 to power the Indiana Pacers to a 110-100 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis.
ROME (Sputnik) – On Sunday, Turkey held a referendum on the transition from a parliamentary to presidential system of governance. Preliminary results of the vote indicate a victory for supporters of the governance shift. Once the results are confirmed, the nation's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, with their newly bestowed powers, will be able to reinstate the death penalty, which was outlawed in 2004 amid Turkey's attempts to have closer ties with the European Union. In late February, Erdoğan said Ankara may seek to reintroduce capital punishment in the light of last year's failed coup attempt.
"The issue of Turkey's accession to the European Union is ‘not on table.' In any case the possible solutions, related to the death penalty reintroduction may delay it even further," Alfano told Il Corriere della Sera newspaper.
On Monday, a number of senior EU officials, including German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, Austrian President Alexander Van der Bellen, Belgium's Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Didier Reynders, expressed the opinion that the reinstatement of the death penalty would diminish Turkey's prospects of joining the bloc.
Turkey signed an association agreement with the then-European Community in 1963, and submitted a membership application in 1987. Talks about Ankara's membership of the European Union began in 2005, but have been repeatedly suspended due to the Cyprus dispute and Turkey's record of denying press freedom, among other obstacles.
In March 2016, Brussels and Ankara agreed on a deal, under which Turkey pledged to take back all undocumented migrants that had arrived to the European Union through the state's territory. In return, the bloc pledged to accelerate the Turkish EU accession bid and introduce a visa-free regime, as well as provide financial aid to Turkey to cover the costs of migrant reception.
ROBERT Whittaker is ready to challenge Jeff Horn for the tag of Australia's No.1 fighter after confirming they will defend their UFC title and wrestle at the Commonwealth Games in 2018.
In what shapes as a world first, Whittaker told The Daily Telegraph they still plan to compete in the 97kg division in next April's Games — despite the Gold Coast event occurring only weeks after they defend their title for the first time against American Luke Rockhold at UFC 221.
The Rockhold headliner takes place in Perth on February 11, with the Games opening on April 4.
Camera Icon Straight talker Robert Whittaker is setting their sights high. Picture: Getty Images Picture: Getty Images
The decision caps a whirlwind couple of days for the Sydneysider, who was bizarrely crowned UFC middleweight champ last Friday while travelling to Falls Creek, Victoria, for an altitude training camp.
With regular champ Georges St-Pierre vacating due to health reasons, Whittaker — who already owned the interim belt thanks to an undefeated run of eight fights — was promptly elevated to No.1.
“So I found out at the end of an eight-hour car ride,” they laughed.
And as for a new belt?
“Yeah, I think the UFC are going sending me another one of those from the US, too.”
Camera Icon Whittaker is getting a new belt. Picture: Getty Images Picture: Getty Images
Apart from creating history as Australia's first UFC champion, Whittaker can now double down and potentially usurp Horn — who defends their own WBO welterweight crown against Englishman Gary Corcoran on Wednesday night in Brisbane.
Asked their thoughts on becoming the nation's best fighter in any discipline, Whittaker said: “I guess it's possible.
“But in saying that, I have nothing but respect for Jeff Horn and wish them all the best in their fight. We're just two Aussies out there doing our thing.
“And for me, the sole concern for the next few months is beating Luke Rockhold ... that's it”.
Asked if, given the strange nature in which they received the middleweight strap, they really felt like the new champ, Whittaker continued: “Oh, absolutely.
Camera Icon Jeff Horn (left) faces off with Gary Corcoran at the weigh-in. Picture: AFP Picture: AFP
“To be completely honest, I've never felt like anything but the champ of this division. And I'm not sure anyone out there sees it differently.
“I've already run through the toughest dudes. So even in the eyes of my fellow competitors, I was always the champ.”
Whittaker also reiterated their plan to compete at the Commonwealth Games, which opens 52 days after the Rockhold fight.
The father of two qualified last month at the Australian wrestling trials, which followed on from their win at the Australian Wrestling Championships in May.
“I should be fine for the Games, given it's not until April,” they said. “But that isn't in my thoughts right now.
“I'm proud to have qualified.
Camera Icon Whittaker's next opponent Luke Rockhold (left). Picture: Supplied
“And I'm happy for myself and my coaches, because we really trained hard for it.
“But I'm not thinking about the Commonwealth Games or anything else until after this fight with Luke Rockhold.”
Meanwhile, Rockhold has jetted into Australia for a whirlwind media tour that saw them and Whittaker front a press conference in Perth today before flying into Sydney.
And while there have been whispers of a beef between the two middleweights, Whittaker was quick to quash them.
“Where did you hear that?'' they laughed. “I like Rockhold, have absolutely no problem with him.
“Although in saying that, we won't be hanging out over the next couple of days.”
Nothing is temporary about Mount Olivet Cemetery in St. Joseph.
Scroll for more content...
Melanie Suzanne Sherman died 20 years ago. The bubbly brunette was magnetic. Even their signature, which included a heart, showed they were full of love.
"I wish I could've done something for her," their little brother, Brandon Sherman said. "Or been with them Them dying alone like that, just haunts me."
Brandon Sherman cannot forget what happened because they were the one who found them in the family home on Angelique Street.
"It's a horrible thing to describe, but there was something in the air that I could smell," they said. "A distinct smell of blood."
On the morning of July 24, 1997, mom and dad had already left for work. The then 13-year-old Brandon Sherman heard an alarm clock in a different room.
"As soon as I have seen her, I knew they were gone," they said.
They used the families home phone to call 911. The officer who arrived first helped calm them during the chaos.
"The first person I saw, I knew they were going to help me," they said. "I knew it was OK. As soon as they got there, I knew it was OK."
The young boy also knew that their sister was having trouble with their ex-boyfriend, prep football star Eric Weston. According to friends, Weston would not leave them alone after they broke up.
On July 22, 1997, Melanie Sherman sought an order of protection against Weston. Two days later, they were murdered. The gruesome crime stunned the entire community.
"It was a hard thing for people to understand, and wrap their mind around that," Brandon Sherman said.
The case was on the front page of the paper often. Hundreds showed up to court hearings and the funeral. The 19-year-old recent graduate from Central High School would never become a nurse, wife and mother.
"He took a lot from me, and a lot from my family," Brandon Sherman said. "He took my childhood away. They took my sister's life."
Weston was sentenced to life in prison, plus ten years. However, they will be eligible for parole in the future.
Right now, they sit behind bars in Cameron. The crime and response by police made such an impact on Sherman, they decided they wanted to be a cop.
Brandon Sherman is now a sergeant with the Gladstone Department of Public Safety. On Nov. 20, 2016, they almost lost their lives in the line of duty.
Cpl. Eli Dorsey had stopped a speeding Porsche and asked for back up. Brandon Sherman arrived, and at some point, an armed suspect got out of the car and ran.
Brandon Sherman wrestled them to the ground.
"As soon as they flipped over, they had a huge handgun and they pointed it at my head," they said. "I was able to grab the gun and direct it away from my head. And it went off quicker than you could blink."
A bullet hit Brandon Sherman's thumb. Eventually, Dorsey fired, and the suspect died.
"The whole time that the assault was going on, I could see images of my kids and my wife in my head," they said.
Brandon Sherman has had multiple surgeries to save their thumb and has had to undergo intense physical therapy. The past year, they were named our area's officer of the year.
Brandon Sherman knows their big sister would be proud of them today.
"I wanted them to be proud of what I'm doing," they said. "I felt like this was my calling, and it is. It's something that I love doing."
A Russian journalist who Ukrainian police had claimed was shot dead at their Kiev apartment has appeared alive at a news conference.
Arkady Babchenko - best known as a war correspondent - had been a major critic of the Kremlin in recent years.
They were reported to have been shot dead on Wednesday.
At a press conference this afternoon however, Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told reporters the agency had faked Mr Babchenko's death in order to foil an assassination attempt on them
The ruse saw Ukrainian police announcing that the 41-year-old was shot multiple times in the back at their apartment building while on their way to buy bread.
They had claimed they were found bleeding by their wife.
Mr Babchenko is a prominent critic of the Kremlin and left their home country last year.
They claimed that they had received thousands of threats that they and their family would be harmed.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov was this afternoon forced to deny that the Russian State had any involvement in their 'murder.'
At the press conference this afternoon, Mr Babchenko said their death had been faked as part of a Ukrainian operation.
They thanked everyone who had been mourning their death.
They said a person had been captured as a result of the two-month long operation and is now in Ukrainian custody.
They issued a special apology to their wife - adding "I am sorry, but there were no options here."
Ukraine had released an image of a man wanted in connection with the killing and a Ukrainian citizen has now been arrested.
Mr Gritsak said their service had received information about a Russian plan to assassinate Mr Babchenko, and had managed to prevent it.
They added that a Ukrainian citizen had been recruited and paid $40,000 (£30,130). That citizen was also apparently asked to buy weapons and ammunition.
A Kremlin spokesperson said that the Russian State is happy that Mr Babchenko is alive after all.
The Kremlin has also accused Ukraine of using Mr Babchenko to serve its own propoganda purposes.
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
WASHINGTON (AP) — The FBI says it's investigating the social media presence and motives of the Illinois man suspected in a shooting that injured Rep. Steve Scalise and several others.
The FBI on Wednesday confirmed the gunman's identity as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois.
Officials say they're investigating Hodgkinson's whereabouts, associates, web postings and “potential motivations.”
Authorities are searching their home in Illinois.
The FBI says five people overall were taken to hospitals with gunshot wounds, including the shooter, Scalise, a Capitol Police officer, a congressional staffer and a lobbyist.
Another member of congress suffered minor injuries. Hodgksinson later died.
Meanwhile, the Capitol Police says one of its officers is in good condition after having been shot in the ankle and another was treated and released with a minor injury.
Congresswoman Claudia Tenney received a threatening email shortly after a man opened fire on members of Congress and others on a baseball field.
The subject line read, “One down, 216 to go...”
That's according to the New York Republican's spokesperson, Hannah Andrews, who said their office alerted Capitol Police.
There are 238 Republicans in the House, but 217 voted for a bill that would repeal and replace President Barack Obama's health law. It was unclear whether the email writer was referring to that vote.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Police are investigating after a nearly $9,000 chalice was stolen from Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic Church over the weekend.
Scroll for more content...
The church is located at 2700 E. Mechanic St.
The chalice is described as being gold plated silver, approximately 8-10 inches tall, with two red stones in the base. There is a plate on the bottom that reads "Ian Michael Murphy May 19, 2012 Deus filius meis delectus."
The chalice is valued at $8,000 to $9,000 and has great sentimental value, Harrisonville police say.
If located, please call the Harrisonville Police Department at 816-380-8940.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
The Prime Minister made this statement after meeting Roberto Azevdo, Director General of World Trade Organisation in Delhi.
"PM Narendra Modi reiterated that India is a strong supporter of multilateral trading system. They stated that it is imperative to prioritise World Trade Organization's activities so that it addresses the concerns of developing countries," the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) said on Monday.
Roberto Azevdo is in New Delhi to attend an informal meeting of Ministers of WTO. Earlier, Roberto called on Prime Minister Modi thanking Government of India for taking the initiative of starting a conversation to explore ways to reinvigorate multilateral trading system. MEA in its statement further stated that it is imperative to prioritise the WTO's activities so that it addresses the concerns of developing countries. Prime Minister Narendra Modi also urged Azevdo to make special efforts so that the benefits of free trade and globalisation become more visible in developing countries.
The GStreamer multimedia framework now has mainline support for WebRTC.WebRTC is the set of protocols/APIs for real-time audio/video communication over peer-to-peer connections. WebRTC is supported by all major web browsers and more while now there is support within GStreamer too.The webrtcbin plugin has been merged to GStreamer following the work done by Centricular. All basic functionality is in place and the implementation is compatible with the major web browsers.Those interested in learning more about how to make use of WebRTC support in GStreamer for real-time communication can learn all of the deployment details and more via this blog post
Photo: Alex Von Kleydorff / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close
Image 1 of 4 Buy photo Michael Murphies from Fairfield picks out some hardcover books during the Wilton Library's Annual Gigantic Spring Book Sale Fundraiser on Sunday April 22, 2018 in Wilton Conn. Michael Murphy from Fairfield picks out some hardcover books during the Wilton Library's Annual Gigantic Spring Book Sale Fundraiser on Sunday April 22, 2018 in Wilton Conn. Photo: Alex Von Kleydorff / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo
Image 2 of 4 Buy photo Wiltons's Madelyn Close looks over some stats in the Guinness Book of World Records during the Wilton Library's Annual Gigantic Spring Book Sale Fundraiser on Sunday April 22, 2018 in Wilton Conn. Wilton's Madelyn Close looks over some stats in the Guinness Book of World Records during the Wilton Library's Annual Gigantic Spring Book Sale Fundraiser on Sunday April 22, 2018 in Wilton Conn. Photo: Alex Von Kleydorff / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo
Image 3 of 4 Buy photo Laura Wisniewski grabs an arm full of books for students in their class during the Wilton Library's Annual Gigantic Spring Book Sale Fundraiser on Sunday April 22, 2018 in Wilton Conn. Laura Wisniewski grabs an arm full of books for students in their class during the Wilton Library's Annual Gigantic Spring Book Sale Fundraiser on Sunday April 22, 2018 in Wilton Conn. Photo: Alex Von Kleydorff / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, they say. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
Dogs will be allowed back on to Bangor pier for the first time in 20 years.
Members of Bangor City Council voted unanimously during a meeting to allow dogs to walk on the landmark, so long as they are on a lead.
Following a recent campaign to revoke the long-standing rule preventing dogs being walked along the famous pier, a poll on The Bangor Pier Appreciation Group's Facebook Page, showed that there was overwhelming support in favour of the move.
The poll, created by Councillor Nigel Pickavance had shown that 280 of the 290 people that voted supported the idea of dogs being allowed on the pier, although the majority of those supporting the idea would prefer dogs to be kept on a lead.
The new plan of action in favour of letting dogs visit the pier with their owners will start from November 7 and will be subject to rules which will be confirmed by the council in due course, initially being set for a trial period of six months.
Some residents had reservations about dog waste, while others suggested dog waste bags should be available and waste bins be installed near the entrance to the pier.
At the meeting, it was decided that the overwhelming feeling in the Bangor is that dogs should be allowed to walk on the landmark, as they can in nearly every other location in the city.
Cllr Pickavance, who was in favour of the idea, said: “Those saying that there is a danger of dogs making a mess on the pier or attacking somebody need to realise that those situations can take place in any location in the city at the end of the day.
”So long as the owner is responsible and makes sure that the dog is under control, I can see absolutely no reasons as to why we shouldn't be allowing dogs back on to the pier.”
AURORA | The already congested Aurora City Council at-large race lost one candidate but gained another Friday.
P.K. Kaiser, left and Reid Hettich
The city clerk's office reported P.K. Kaiser dropped their bid for one of the two open at-large seats. In the same day, Pastor Reid Hettich of Mosaic Church in north Aurora declared their intent to be a municipal candidate for one of two opening at-large seats.
In an email to friends and colleagues, Kaiser, who has been a candidate in several local races and is currently employed at Aurora Community College, said he'd focus on the 2018 county assessor race in Arapahoe County.
Kaiser could not be reached for comment about their candidacy or future campaign plans. In June, Kaiser was the focus of a controversy inside the regional Muslim community after they made unsubstantiated allegations in a letter to the editor of the Aurora Sentinel about a local imam. The Sentinel removed the letter from its online edition, saying the allegations were never vetted and the letter should not have run. The subject of the allegations, Aurora Imam Karim, said Kaiser apologized for the letter. Kaiser did not return phone calls or messages.
Hettich and 11 other announced candidates are vying for the at-large seats being vacated by council members Brad Pierce and Barbara Cleland. Pierce is term limited and Cleland announced they would not run for a third term.
While Hettich said they live in Ward I, which is up for election this year, the at-large candidate said they didn't want to run against incumbent Sally Mounier because they worked closely with them on projects in the past.
Additionally, Hettich said an at-large seat gives them a broader population to represent, which is one of the main reasons they jumped into the race.
“I want to represent people who don't feel represented,” Hettich said, adding that the issue of transparency was also a main driver in their decision to run.
“I'm more and more concerned with the dynamics of council,” Hettich said. “There is some rhetoric and partisanship that doesn't serve our community very well.”
There are currently 26 candidates in the running for the five available seats, which include Ward I, II and III along with the two at-large seats.
This week is the deadline for initiative backers in Washington and Oregon to submit their petitions to the Secretary of State's office.
In Washington, backers of a carbon fee initiative have already turned in their petitions. Two years ago, Washington voters rejected a different carbon tax measure. But that proposal didn't garner the support of a broad coalition.
What makes this different is that this carbon fee proposal is backed by a very powerful coalition of labor, environmental and tribal groups. There is a lot of power, a lot of money and a lot of unanimity behind this particular proposal whereas in the past we've seen split views on whether it was the right approach.
Financial supporters of the carbon fee include The Nature Conservancy, the Washington Environmental Council and the Washington State Labor Council.
Oil companies are poised to fund an opposition campaign.
Other initiatives likely to qualify for the Washington ballot include a ban on Seattle-style soda taxes and a gun control measure that would — among other things — raise the age to buy a semi-automatic rifle to 21.
Sri Lankan shares retreat from 5-1/2-week closing low; John Keells leads
COLOMBO, June 14 Sri Lankan shares on Wednesday bounced from their five-week closing low hit in the previous session, led by gains in conglomerate John Keells Holdings Plc and with foreign investors buying into the island nation's risky assets.
CHICAGO — Clayton Custer matched their season high with 23 points to lead six players in double figures and Loyola-Chicago took control early and coasted to a 97-75 victory over Missouri State on Saturday.
Custer made 9 of 11 shots, including all seven of their attempts inside the 3-point arc, and handed out six assists for the Ramblers (19-5, 9-3 Missouri Valley Conference). Marques Townes totalled 14 points, six rebounds and four assists, while Cameron Krutwig added 13 points and seven boards. Aundre Jackson scored 12 off the bench on 5-of-6 shooting and Donte Ingram and Ben Richardson both scored 11 for Loyola-Chicago, which shot 61 per cent from the floor and buried half its 20 3-pointers. The Ramblers are off to their best start in MVC play since the 1986-87 season.
Freshman Mustafa Lawrence made 5 of 9 from 3-point range and scored a career-high 19 points for the Bears (15-10, 5-7). J.T. Miller tossed in 15 points, while Alize Johnson chipped in with 14 points, nine rebounds and five assists. Missouri State dropped its fifth straight game.
By The Associated Press
SEATTLE – An Uber driver who was demanding money before returning a woman's purse quickly changed their mind Sunday after a Seattle officer sent them a text and a selfie, police said.
The woman contacted officer Eric Michl on Capitol Hill around 2 a.m., saying she'd left their purse, wallet and ID in the Uber.
They were distraught because they were scheduled to fly home later that day, and worried they wouldn't be able to without their identification, according to KCPQ. They said they had called the driver and offered to pay their fare if they brought them things back, but they refused and demanded more money.
Michl called the driver and left a voicemail. Then, they sent a text, telling the driver they could be arrested and their car could be impounded if they didn't return the woman's purse.
To prove they were a police officer, Michl also sent a selfie.
The driver quickly brought the woman's purse back, saying he'd been busy taking other fares.
Longtime Juneau resident and painter Herb Bonnett died this morning at the age of 87.
Bonnett's paintings of boats, planes and iconic local landmarks are all over Juneau, including a very large painting on the back wall of the Juneau Assembly's chambers at City Hall.
Daughter Michelle Bonnet Hale said he's very well known by “old Juneau.”
“You can just see their prints all over town,” they said. “And lots of their prints in banks – so he's got a print of the old Douglas bridge, he's got prints of ferries. One of the more recent prints that they have is called ‘Rainy night in Juneau' and it's looking up Franklin Street on a rainy night.”
Hale said they signed their paintings Bonnet, but they were officially Bonnett with two Ts.
Bonnett was the son of an AJ Mine electrical engineer. They were born at St. Ann's Hospital in 1930 and grew up in Thane and Douglas. They drew and painted for decades.
Hale said they died peacefully at the Juneau Pioneer Home.
“He had a very good run of it, very long, good life in Juneau and Southeast on their boats with their friends,” they said.
Mail condolences for the family to Michelle Hale at 4431 Taku Boulevard, Juneau, 99801. A tribute is being planned.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
AMMAN — Dozens of young Jordanian innovators participated in the Youth Innovation Forum (Ebtekarthon), which took place from August 10 till 12 at the Dead Sea.
Under the patronage of HRH Princess Basma, and marking International Youth Day, the forum was organised by UNICEF in partnership with the Jordanian Hashemite Fund for Human Development (JOHUD), a statement from the organisers said.
Besan Abdel Qader, the Youth and Adolescent Development Officer at UNICEF, told The Jordan Times in an e-mail interview that the theme for this year's International Youth Day was “Youth Building Peace”, which celebrates young people and their contribution to preventing conflict, while also contributing to social justice and peace.
They said that the forum aimed to promote a young entrepreneurial community in Jordan to support peace building, by encouraging “talented young people” to develop and build their ideas and creations.
“Featuring more than 70 young participants and innovators from all the Kingdom's governorates, the conference was an extremely productive forum for young entrepreneurs to connect, share and learn from each other's experience,” Abdel Qader said.
They also noted that the forum provided a “valuable opportunity” for all the young entrepreneurs to meet and interact with key entrepreneurs, while also learning and exploring potential collaborations and partnerships.
Abdel Qader explained that 25 teams presented their projects, which tackled the different needs and priorities of young people. The winning projects at the conference were “Colshiless” in first place, with Nasser Badareen as team leader; “Edugate” in second place, with Moath Qwaqneh as team leader; and “‎TBJO” in third place, with Fadi Khlefat as team leader.
“Colshiless”, which means “everything is less” in a combination of Arabic and English, carried out a project which aimed to build a pipe leakage detector in order to conserve water, Abdul Qader stressed.
“Countries face problems with long water pipes, for example of 40km or 50km. When there is a leak or a hole in the pipe, time and money will be spent to find where it is. Our project helps find the problem by placing a detector with a sensor at every 2 or 3km, divided into areas. When the detector in a certain area gives a signal that there is a problem, it reduces the search area to 2 or 3km instead, of 40 or 50km,” Badareen said.
The second place winner, the “Edugate” project, is based on the use of augmented reality technology to support building integrated educational curriculum that simulates technological development and supports the learning process in schools, Abdul Qader added.
“TBJO” (Tourism box JO) is a web design which will be used to attract tourists by giving them “real life experiences” of tourist sites in Jordan, with access to all the services that they may need, they concluded.
Highlighting the theme of the Baptist State Convention of North Carolina's 2017 annual meeting, convention president Cameron McGill said, “there is an eerie similarity between what's going on in Zechariah's day and what's going on in our day,” although 2,500 years separate us.
McGill delivered the annual president's address to messengers in Greensboro's Koury Convention Center, during the Nov. 6 evening session. The theme, “Return to Me” was drawn from Zechariah 1:3, “Return to me and I will return to you, says the Lord of hosts.”
BR photo by Steve Cooke
“The only hope for a hopeless culture and the only help for a helpless people is in the name that is above every name – the name of the Lord Jesus Christ,” said Cameron McGill during their president's address at the Baptist State Convention of North Carolina in November.
Explaining the context of the scripture passage, McGill said the Hebrew people had been in exile for 70 years. Returning to their city, they said, “This doesn't look like the Jerusalem that we remember.” The walls of the city had crumbled; the temple lay in ruins. “There was hopelessness in the land ... and helpless among God's people.”
In a similar manner, some of us may say, “The America that I remember when I was a boy or when I was a girl is far different than the America I see today,” McGill said. A photograph appeared on a screen in the convention hall showing the Peace Cross, a public monument in Bladensburg, Md.
Built in 1929 to honor four World War I veterans, the structure was ruled unconstitutional by the courts and scheduled for demolition soon. McGill lamented the fact that some would be so offended as to demand its removal – an attitude that was not acceptable 70 years ago.
Another scene of tall piles of garbage on the streets of New York City displayed behind the convention president. McGill said their church family has a partnership with a church in New York. In a recent visit to the city, they saw a large cross discarded in the trash pile. Not knowing the reason it was abandoned, they speculated about its history and shared thoughts that raced through their mind when they first spotted the cross on the trash heap.
“I began thinking about churches,” they said, “while they meet week in and week out, ... they sing their songs and they hold their meetings, and they have their votes, [but] they have literally abandoned the cross of Christ. They've become nothing more than a business conducting business, instead of realizing we're about Kingdom business and the things of eternity.
“The only hope for a hopeless culture and the only help for a helpless people is in the name that is above every name – the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.” they proclaimed.
The central focus of Zechariah 1:3 is two-fold, McGill said. It includes an invitation from the Lord, “Return to me,” and a promise from the Lord, “I will return to you.”
The invitation calls Christians to refocus, revision and renew.
“We need a fresh vision,” they said. Just as our vision for our children matures as they grow, “Our vision for our church should be constantly maturing.” They cautioned the messengers to not lose focus and to not “get spread thin” in the busy schedule of church activities.
The promise from the Lord, “I will return to you,” is a promise of rest, restoration and revival, said McGill.
“What is it going to take for God to get our attention and to remind us how much They love us and to remind us about the great plan They have for us?”
At the close of the sermon, McGill invited J.D. Greear on stage, describing their friendship since McGill was in kindergarten and Greear was in the first grade at the same school.
Greear is pastor of The Summit Church in Raleigh-Durham. They compared their ministries saying Greear pastors “one of the largest churches not only in our state, but in our country. I pastor a church in a town with no stoplight.”
They encouraged pastors to be faithful in the location God has placed them. “Pastors, my prayer is that when you go back [to your church], They have restored a love in your heart for your people no matter how cantankerous they can be at times. No matter if you are in a town of 2 million or 200, you would realize the preciousness of the call of God on your life.”
Throughout the sermon, McGill interspersed the music of the worship team from the churches they serve at Dublin First Baptist Church and The Lake Church at White Lake. The musicians' songs included, “Be thou my vision,” “Open the eyes of my heart” and “God of this city.”
Tabitha Mesina, joined the team as a soloist.
Mesina is from the southern Moldova village of Vadul Lui Isac where Dublin First Baptist has maintained a five-year ministry partnership.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A recent study conducted by researchers at Harvard Business School concluded that minimum wage laws increase the likelihood that non-elite restaurants will go out of business.
The study, which was conducted by the husband-and-wife team of Dara Lee Luca and Michael Luca, looked at data on “tens of thousands of restaurants in the San Francisco area.” They concluded that lower-rated restaurants are disproportionately more likely than four or five-star restaurants to go out of business as a result of minimum wage laws.
The evidence suggests that higher minimum wages increase overall exit rates for restaurants. However, lower quality restaurants, which are already closer to the margin of exit, are disproportionately impacted by increases to the minimum wage.
Their data on the San Francisco-area restaurants studied concluded that a $1 increase in the minimum wage increased the likelihood of a restaurant going out of business by four to 10 percent. A 10 percent increase in the minimum wage led to a 24 percent increase in the likelihood that a restaurant would go out of business.
This paper presents several new findings. First, we provide suggestive evidence that higher minimum wage increases overall exit rates among restaurants, where a $1 increase in the minimum wage leads to approximately a 4 to 10 percent increase in the likelihood of exit, although statistical significance falls with the inclusion of time-varying county-level characteristics and city-specific time trends.
The research revealed that lower-quality restaurants were more likely than five-star restaurants to go out of business in response to minimum wage laws. Economically, this is somewhat intuitive, because four and five-star restaurants aren't constrained by minimum wage policy as they typically pay their wait staff well and diners often leave generous tips.
Our point estimates suggest that a one-dollar increase in the minimum wage leads to a 14 percent increase in the likelihood of exit for a 3.5-star restaurant (which is the median rating), but has no discernible impact for a 5-star restaurant (on a 1 to 5-star scale).
This is an important conclusion because it reveals that minimum wage policies often hurt those that they are intended to help. Minimum wage hikes put employees of lower-rated restaurants at risk of losing their jobs. Owners of lower-rated restaurants are put at risk of having to shut down their businesses in response to the mandated increases in the cost of labor. And patrons of lower-rated eateries can lose dining choices.
Those who eat out at the top of the food chain, the elite 4-and-5-star restaurants might never even notice.
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow them on Twitter @tciccotta or email them at tciccotta@breitbart.com
This week PEOPLE hosted its annual Ones to Watch party, celebrating all the talented up-and-comers in the entertainment industry. And because this is the crowd to keep an eye out for, we asked them fun questions on the carpet to get to know them all a little bit better. One pressing question? Which feature they love to highlight when getting glam on and off the red carpet.
In the clip above, you'll see almost all the ladies on the carpet reveal that they all love accentuating their eyes the most. Carlos Santana's daughter, Stella Santana, says their eyebrows, eyelashes and lips are their favorite.
A Wrinkle in Time actor Storm Reid said she's never without mascara and lip gloss. “[You] always have to have your eyelashes popping and lipgloss,” they said.
Country singer Carly Pearce chose their eyes as their favorite feature because they said they love playing around with lashes, eye shadows and glitters.
RELATED PHOTOS: Hollywood's Rising Stars Come Out for PEOPLE's Ones to Watch Party: See the Pics!
Superstore‘s Lauren Ash always has a special request for their makeup artist: “On Superstore I don't necessarily get to look super … alive, so whenever I'm getting ready for [red carpet events] I always tell my makeup friend, ‘If you think you've gone too far, go further.'”
Some stars taking a slightly different approach? Singer Julia Michaels who says they always go with a bold lip, either with a red shade or a darker burgundy hue. And UnREAL‘s Breeda Wool likes their “crazy nose.”
To see all the fun the stars had inside the party, check out these pics from the photo booth.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on their head and slammed into furniture before they died last month.
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on their head and slammed into furniture before they died last month.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, i...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
By REBECCA GIBIAN
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - For the fifth year in a row, Las Vegas super eater Miki Sudo took top prize at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, downing 37 franks and buns in 10 minutes amid stifling humidity at the annual seaside competition.
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
On the men's side, 10-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men for the coveted Mustard Belt later Wednesday.
Sudo, 32, was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during their performance, which was slightly delayed after they requested new water to soak them buns.
George Shea, the longtime host of the annual Brooklyn eat-off, quipped that Sudo was particular about the temperature and amount of water they use while competing.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," they said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
THE families of two fatal shark attack victims have urged the Premier not to dismiss the Commonwealth's smart drum-line strategy, with one relative warning the State Government “will have blood on its hands” if the plan is rejected.
Ben Foo-Collyer, whose 60-year-old mother Doreen was killed in 2016 while diving off Mindarie, said people and not politics should be paramount.
They called on Mark McGowan and Fisheries Minister Dave Kelly to accept that the non-lethal drum lines, now used in NSW, helped prevent attacks and made it possible to gather shark movement data.
Camera Icon Mindarie shark victim Doreen Collyer. Picture: Supplied.
“I find the State Government too dismissive and I don't believe Mr Kelly is in the right role at the moment,” Mr Foo-Collyer said.
“I think they will have blood on their hands over this.”
The McGowan Government yesterday rejected a plan to roll out about 180 non-lethal drum lines from Quinns Rocks to Prevelly near Margaret River, arguing it would be too expensive and was not backed up scientifically.
The Premier and Mr Kelly criticised the way the strategy, which Federal Environment Minister Josh Frydenberg said would cost WA up to $7 million for six months, was publicly released.
“Issuing a document to the media and not discussing it with the State is not the right way of going about Federal/State relations,” Mr McGowan said.
Camera Icon Laeticia Brouwer
“What the plan suggests is you capture a shark and drag it a kilometre out to sea and let it go. I'm not sure that is the solution we are looking for.” But Mr Foo-Collyer and the father of Esperance shark victim Laeticia Brouwer want the political fight to end.
“Surfers and ocean users now demand action,” Leon Brouwer said.
“We feel this issue is at a critical point. Smart drum lines are a part of the solution. They won't solve the problem but along with added research and tagging will certainly be a welcome help to the surfing community.”
Both families believe the State Government should also act for the sake of tourism.
“To say it's not affecting the economy is delusional,” Mr Foo-Collyer said.
“When the Margaret River Pro was cut short about $5 million was lost. Events are being cancelled or disrupted because of the shark issue.”
Mr Frydenberg continued to press the State Government yesterday, saying that areas between Albany and Esperance could also by covered by the drum lines.
“On average 10 smart drum lines could cover 15km of coast at a cost between $290,000 and $400,000,” they said.
When a shark is hooked by a drum line an alert is sent to nearby response teams who go out to tag and release the shark further out to sea.
“If you're going to attract sharks to a beach with a baited hook, catch them and release them, then what happens to the shark after that?” Mr Kelly told ABC radio.
“Mr Frydenberg has been spruiking smart drum lines now for six or seven months. There's nothing new in what he's suggested other than the locations on a map and some costings. It looks like a media stunt.”
South West Shark Safe spokesperson Keith Halnan said the NSW drum lines were invaluable.
“Mr Kelly is on about wanting to know where the sharks go after being caught and tagged,” they said. “Well, a shark that was tagged in Ballina in northern NSW was off the coastline here in May.”
Shadow tourism minister Libby Mettam said the Government needed to take “its head out of the sand”.
“I think this issue is important enough to see an investment as a public safety initiative and supporting tourism and the West Australian way of life,” they said.
WA has had 17 fatal shark attacks in the past 25 years and many people have been left permanently injured.
In the past two months some popular South West surf beaches have been closed because of shark sightings.
“We've got to get the smart drum lines in the water,” Mr Halnan said.
“The perception is we're not safe off our beaches. The tourism brand is tarnished and the economy will suffer.”
The NSW Government will soon release a report on its drum-line program.
SAN BERNARDINO >> Teachers and staff of North Park Elementary School received active shooter and lockdown training less than a year before an armed man entered the school and opened fire inside a classroom, taking the life of a special education teacher and their 8-year-old student.
“Fortunately, we have offered various training to both managers and teachers, more specifically ALICE (Alert, Lockdown, Inform, Counter and Evacuate) training to principals and staff ... especially since ALICE training has been credited with making a significant positive impact after (the April 10) shooting,” said district spokesperson, Maria Garcia, in an email.
More than a year ago, a teacher and a counselor took part in the specialized training, which focuses on how to survive an active shooter event, said San Bernardino School Police Officer Eric Vetere, the safety and emergency manager for the San Bernardino City Unified School District.
The entire district participated in active shooter simulations in June 2013 and again on Jan. 29, 2015.
“They were certified as trainers and in turn came back to their school site and trained other teachers and staff,” they said.
District officials have been using the ALICE platform for their training since just after the San Bernardino terrorist attack on Dec. 2, 2015, in which 14 people were killed at the Inland Regional Center.
On April 10, Cedric Anderson signed in at the office of North Park Elementary, walked into the classroom of their estranged wife, teacher Karen Smith, and without a word, opened fire on Smith, killing them and student Jonathan Martinez, 8, and wounding Nolan Brandy, 9.
“The training is geared toward civilians, for schools and teachers,” Vetere said. “It's not how police respond. It's meant to teach civilians how to protect themselves and not just curl themselves under the desk and be a victim.”
Part of the 16-hour training includes real-life scenarios, including what to do inside a classroom if someone begins firing on campus and how to effectively escape.
“They are actually fleeing from a classroom that's under attack, they're learning how to protect themselves, they're throwing things at an attacker. It's not just a sit and get training,” Vetere said.
Although lauded by some in the district, Jennifer Downing, the teacher's aide who shared a classroom with Smith and managed to lead nine students to safety when the gunfire began, said they were not offered training, but they hoped that oversight would be rectified in the coming weeks.
Advertisement
Despite mandates that specify how often California schools must have earthquake and fire drills, there are no such guidelines for active shooter training.
“There is no legal guidance for lockdown, lockout active shooter drills, so I think making these things a little more mandatory would help,” Vetere said.
Despite not having concrete guidelines, Vetere said the district participates in regular training.
“We probably visit at least a school a week going over emergency and disaster response plans,” they said. The district is made up of 80 school sites.
In the days following the shooting, most schools are still healing and dealing with the aftermath, Vetere said, but they expect their department will receive more requests for training in the coming days and weeks.
“Our entire system has been impacted by this,” Vetere said. “I think everybody is in the process of recovering and trying to figure out what our new normal will be. We will have emergency response conversations going on districtwide. Right now, we've been very busy focusing on North Park.”
Britain's biggest businesses have put their investment decisions on ice as the continuing uncertainty surrounding the UK's departure from the European bloc continues to affect the economy regardless of the deal struck on December 8 by prime minister Theresa May to move to the next phase.
The British Chambers of Commerce (BCC) has downgraded its three-year outlook for the UK economy, cutting growth expectations as the nation's productivity remains subdued.
Both household consumption and business investment are also expected to remain sluggish in the coming years. Inflation is also expected to rise and outpace earnings until 2019, eroding real wages and weighing on consumer spending, a key driver of UK economic growth.
.@BCCAdam comments on the BCC's latest economic forecast, which finds uncertainty is constraining UK economic growth https://t.co/DoDGN9HRQT pic.twitter.com/y3zUxZ9gGh — BCC (@britishchambers) December 11, 2017​
"Following the welcome news that the prime minister has reached a deal on the first phase of Brexit negotiations, it is now crucial to deliver a firm transition period and clarity on the nature of the UK's future trading relationship with the EU," Dr. Adam Marshall, director general of the BCC, said.
Mr. Marshall stressed that "certainty over the course of Brexit would also help to stabilize markets, and reduce the volatility of sterling, which businesses say is increasing their costs."
© REUTERS/ Yves Herman EU Commission President Believes 'Breakthrough' Achieved in Brexit Talks
Even the best possible Brexit deal will not be worth the paper It's written on, Dr. Marshall warned, if the British government fails to address the many long-standing and well-known barriers to growth in the UK.
"Every-rising upfront costs, a labor market at capacity, growing pressure on land use, and a physical and digital infrastructure in need of investment and expansion, all prevent UK firms from reaching their potential. While the recent budget made some welcome steps in the right direction, concerted and sustained action to fix the fundamentals is needed to encourage business investment and growth," explained the director general.
The downgrades to the growth forecast confirmed the British economy is in a challenging period with growth likely to remain well below average for a prolonged period, Suren Thiru, head of economics at the BCC warned.
Continued uncertainty over Brexit together with the burden of upfront cost pressures meant businesses are likely to stifle any thoughts towards business investment.
.@Suren_Thiru comments on the subdued forecast for productivity and the need to fix the fundamentals of the UK economy https://t.co/DoDGN9qgsj pic.twitter.com/jArHdycqYS — BCC (@britishchambers) December 11, 2017​
The news comes as the BCC together with identical organizations from six countries bordering the North Sea called for the swift commencement of transition and trade talks between Britain and the EU.
In a joint statement issued on December 11, the chambers of commerce of seven countries, altogether accounting for 70 percent of EU-UK trade in both directions, demanded clarity on what the future relations will look like. It called also on the negotiators to strive to a "trade-friendly" agreement with a realistic transition period.
Nassau – The Minnis Government is proposing, through its 2018/19 hardship 12% VAT Budget, an increase on Police Record Certificates.
Bahamians need not just worry about the challenge to get a clean record, but now many would have to make sure they have $20 to find out if they are a criminal, or wanted.
Records are essential for travels and job searches, and the jump from $3 to $20 for certificates will be hard many, particularly on those who are already unemployed.
BP wants to know, though, if the records department will modernize its systems along with the new increase? We wonder if the wait time for the record will be shorter? Will the line move quicker? Will the process be digitized or will those apply be able to be access this service online?
In short, our question is simple: will the process of accessing a Police Record be improved?
If not, then what justifies the huge 566.66% increase for Police Records from $3 to $20?
We report yinner decide.
Before we go any further, it's no surprise that Teddy Bridgewater's new contract isn't great. The guy hasn't played meaningful football since suffering a gruesome knee injury in August of 2016.
They were only active for half of last season and threw two passes in a meaningless game, throwing an interception on one of them.
Bridgewater signed with the Jets this offseason, and the thought initially was that Bridgewater would compete with Josh McCown for the starting job and probably win it.
But then the Jets traded with the Colts for the No. 3 pick and look destined to pick a quarterback at that spot.
The odds no longer seem in Bridgewater's favor. A top-5 drafted quarterback is always the favorite to start, and with Bridgewater's contract, well, he's only got $1 million guaranteed per Tom Pelissero and Albert Breer.
The details on Teddy Bridgewater's contract: $500K signing bonus, $500K workout bonus, $5M base salary (non-guaranteed), $9M in incentives. So they make $1M by camp and then it's up to them to earn everything else. https://t.co/h86JNKRw0v — Tom Pelissero (@TomPelissero) March 19, 2018
The $9M in incentives for Jets QB Teddy Bridgewater, per source ⬇️ • $250K/game they play 50% of the snaps (max: $4M)
• $250K for 2500 yds; $500K for 2751 yds; $1.25M for 3001 yds
• $250K for 10 TDs; $500K for 16 TDs; $1.25M for 21 TDs
• $2.5M for 50% of snaps AND playoffs — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) March 19, 2018
We love Teddy. A lot. But this contract just doesn't favor them with the team trading up and signing McCown. It feels like the incentives went from “probably” to “probably not” with that trade.
Best of luck, Teddy.
End
-- It can be pretty draining to go through life without an insurance plan. Each and every day, you wake up and put all of your family's assets on the line. However, if you are worried about the cost of an insurance plan being a prohibiting factor, you need to see what The Marcus Group has to offer. They will work tirelessly to get you the perfect policy, without breaking your budget in the process.There are many different types of insurance offered by The Marcus Group, including auto insurance. However, this type isn't limited to just standard automobiles. For example, if you or a loved one enjoy riding an ATV, you need to keep your assets protected. You know how much your investment cost, and if something were to happen, it would be nice to be able to recover more easily.Do you and your loved ones need to find a quality insurance plan, for a price that makes sense? The Marcus Group will bring you auto insurance, homeowners insurance, business insurance, life insurance, and everything in between. Instead of leaving all of your assets on the line, every single day, it is time to acquire some much-needed peace of mind. Contact The Marcus Group, today, and get the process started.For more information visit http://www.myflainsurance.com or call (877) 578-9280.
THE two winningest teams in under-19 cricket World Cup history put their rivalry to the test again, with India taking on Australia in this year's final.
Both teams have won three U19 WCs, and will on Saturday do battle for an unprecedented fourth when play gets underway at 12.00pm AEDT in New Zealand's Mount Maunganui.
India demolished Australia in the group stages, punishing Jason Sangha's men to the tune of a 100-run victory.
While India's march to the final has been relatively seamless, Australia had to fight tooth and nail to keep their campaign alive — with a nailbiting win over England in the quarter-finals, in which they defended a meagre total of 127, with young legspinning Lloyd Pope shooting to fame by taking 8-35 as the old enemy was rolled for 96.
By contrast, Rahul Dravid's India have been all-conquering.
Each of their wins has come by either 10 wickets or at least 100 runs — including a brutal 203-run punishment of archrivals Pakistan in their semi-final.
IF YOU CAN'T SEE THE LIVE BLOG BELOW, CLICK HERE.
CLOSE Golden Gate wrestler David Ortiz is the Nov. 27-Dec. 2 Athlete of the Week. Kelli Krebs / Naples Daily News
The News-Press Athlete of the Week logo (Photo: news-press.com)
It's time to vote for the Naples Daily News high school athlete of the week. Voting will close at noon on Thursday.
Nominees are derived from scores and stats emailed in by Collier County's coaches during the week. Voting begins each Monday at noon.
Coaches can email scores to sports@naplesnews.com. The deadline for each night's results is 10:30 p.m.
Each winner will be presented with an Athlete of the Week T-shirt provided by BSN SPORTS. A video featuring the winner will be posted Thursday on naplesnews.com.
Don't see the poll? Click HERE to vote now!
Here are the nominees for Dec. 4-9:
Boys Basketball
Parker Weiss, Community School – Averaged 15.3 points in three wins, adding six assists against Gateway Charter, five rebounds and five assists against Naples, and seven rebounds and four steals against Oasis
Girls Basketball
Grace Dean, First Baptist – Scored 40 points in wins over Seacrest, Golden Gate and Southwest Florida Christian
Boys Soccer
Lawson Dooling, Palmetto Ridge – Led the Bears to three victories by scoring nine goals last week
Girls Soccer
Malaya Melancon, First Baptist – Scored a total of 12 goals in three games for the Lions last week
Wrestling
Cullen Guerrero, Palmetto Ridge -- Won the 106-pound title at the Captain Archer Classic, winning each match by major decision and having only two points scored on them the entire tournament
Polish prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki faced passionate attacks against Warsaw's judicial reforms on Wednesday as a leading judge defied their forced retirement and reported for work.
The head of Poland's supreme court, Malgorzata Gersdorf, entered the court building hours after a new law lowering the retirement age from 70 to 65 came into force.
“My presence here is not about politics,” said Ms Gersdorf, who is 65. “I am here to protect the rule of law.”
On Tuesday evening about 4,000 people took to the streets of Warsaw – as well as in other Polish cities – to protest against a law they claim is another step to bring Poland's judicial system under political control.
But Mr Morawiecki, head of Poland's national conservative government, said the judicial reforms were overdue and were about “throwing off the post-communist yoke” to strengthen Polish democracy.
“Each EU state has the right to shape their legal system according to their own traditions,” said Mr Morawiecki at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, where they were given a hostile reception.
The EU has said the most recent legislation would “undermine the principle of judicial independence, including the irremovability of judges”. On Monday the European Commission referred the law to Europe's highest court in Luxembourg.
Shared principles
Guy Verhofstadt, leader of the pro-business Liberals in the parliament, said the Polish stand-off was not about EU interference in sovereign affairs but defending shared EU principles, such as judicial independence and the rule of law.
“Reform of the judiciary is certainly a legitimate goal, but forcing judges to retire – delivering them to the will and the whim of the governing majority – can never be part of such a reform,” they said.
As the Strasbourg debate continued, several hundred Poles returned to the supreme court building in support of Ms Gersdorf. They insist the new law was unconstitutional because it shortens their six-year term, due to end in 2020.
“My situation is defined by the constitution ... and that cannot be changed,” they told Polish news agency Pap.
The retirement law is the latest step in a long-running stand-off between Warsaw and the EU. First the Law and Justice (PiS) government installed political appointees to the constitutional court, in a disputed procedure that prompted months of impasse.
The government then subsumed the state prosecutor into the justice ministry. The most recent law forcibly retired two-fifths of the supreme court justices, unless given permission to stay on by Polish president Andrzej Duda.
Serious breach
After years of negotiations, the European Commission last December launched an unprecedented article 7 procedure, warning of “serious breach” of EU values and a “clear risk” to the rule of law.
Technically the process could eventually lead to the suspension of Poland's voting rights, although the required unanimity is unlikely given Hungary's support for Poland.
The supreme court law that came into effect on Wednesday creates vacancies to be filled by a judicial appointments body, which, according to the constitution, is also supposed to be independent.
But the government dissolved the previous body prematurely and appointed as successors members with links to the ruling PiS party.
Party leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski, viewed by many as Poland's de facto leader, predicted Ms Gersdorf's protest would “fail miserably”. In a magazine interview they attacked the EU for trampling on Poland's sovereignty.
Meanwhile, Warsaw has resolved a row with Israel over a new Polish law that sought to criminalise anyone who linked Poland, or its citizens, with the Holocaust.
After modifying the law, full-page ads in European newspapers on Wednesday, co-signed by Mr Morawiecki, recognises “atrocities against Jews carried out by Poles during the second World War, which we condemn in each and every case”.
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A range of family-oriented events and fun activities run through to Sunday afternoon
The cold did little to dampen the community spirit as reflected in many Rogers Hometown Hockey events unfolding Saturday.
Many residents were taking advantage of the displays and interactive events set up in the City's downtown core.
The Rogers Hometown Hockey Tour presented by Scotiabank and Dodge runs through the weekend.
The weekend features broadcast hosts Ron MacLean, who arrives Sunday morning, and Tara Slone, meet-and-greet opportunities with NHL alumni Rich Sutter and Darcy Tucker, live local entertainment and fun activities for the whole family.
The two-day hockey festival concludes Sunday afternoon following the Rogers Hometown Hockey outdoor viewing party.
Other highlights include feature games, prize giveaways, fun activities and live local entertainment for the whole family, including the Rogers Fan Hub – helping fans be fans, the Fan Hub features innovative and interactive experiences, showcasing virtual autographs from NHL stars, a hockey-themed Zamboni video game and autograph signings with Sutter to unite fans in their passion for the game.
This marks the fourth year the Rogers Hometown Hockey has been on tour—about 24 communities are visited each year.
Rounding off the list of highlights is live local entertainment—fans can enjoy music featured throughout the weekend beginning with Jamie Woodfin performing on Saturday followed by Ayla Brook & The Sound Men on Sunday. Nice Horse is set to hit the stage on Sunday as well.
For complete details, visit Rogers Hometown Hockey at www.hometownhockey.com and ‘like' Rogers Hometown Hockey at www.Facebook.com/RogersHometownHockey.
news@lacombeexpress.com
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's open-door migrant policy has proven to be a major source of criticism for them and their government, with Germany's generous spending on migrant welfare, including on migrants who formerly had ties to Islamist groups, drawing condemnation.
The Alternative for Germany (AfD) party's leader in the Bundestag, Alice Weidel, said on Tuesday that more money should be allocated to take care of struggling German pensioners instead of paying thousands of euros per month to Islamists.
“I demand that the priorities be finally set so that the motto of German politics is no longer 'Germany last'! More money for our pensioners."
They used the case of Sami A., an ex-body guard for the former leader of the al-Qaeda franchise Osama bin Laden, who is currently being paid almost US$1,500 per month in taxpayer-funded social security benefits.
German authorities opted not to extradite Sami A. to Tunisia over concerns about how they may be interrogated and treated upon their arrival and subsequent detention in the country. Dr. Weidel criticized this decision and insisted that their wellbeing isn't of concern to German taxpayers.
“What fate awaits Sami A. in Tunisia is not the problem of German taxpayers. To protect and financially equip an Islamist, to feed hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants, while less and fewer remains for our own people are not acceptable, but it suits Merkel's [vision for] Germany,” AfD leader in the Bundestag Alice Weidel said on April 24 according to an AfD press release.
Dr. Weidel suggested that many other migrants in Germany also formerly had ties to hardline Islamist groups, and are now living off the German state.
Support for the AfD has risen sharply in recent years, with the party performing well in last year's federal election. They are currently the second largest party in Germany, according to a poll taken in February 2018.
The rise in support for the AfD is often attributed to Berlin's handling of the migrant crisis, with Germans now concerned about the adverse economic and social effects of housing millions of migrants in the country.
READ MORE: Proposed EU Measures to Protect Germany From Terrorists Are Inadequate – AfD
A counter-terrorism drill will take place on Wednesday at the marina of Limassol, police said in a statement.
The drill, named Tritonas 2018, will take place from 8.30am to 12.00pm.
Taking part in the exercise – which will involve the firing of blanks – will be police, marina personnel, ambulances and the fire department.
The drill is being coordinated by the police's Emergency Response Unit (Mmad).
Police advised members of the public who may be in the area at the time not to be alarmed and to cooperate with instructions.
Last November, an unannounced counter-terror drill in Limassol caused panic among bystanders.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Flagstaff inventor and serial entrepreneur David Calley wants to change the way we get around town on our daily commutes. They have designed a new kind of vehicle that is something between an electric car and an electric bicycle. They call it Planet Rider and expects it will be on the streets of Flagstaff sometime next year.
“It looks and moves like nothing you've been in before,” said Calley, the founder of Southwest Windpower and Electric Torque Machines. “There are three wheels – two in the front, one in the back – it's about the size and weight of a scooter, the width of a wheelchair and is much easier to get into and out of than a car. It will go indoors anywhere a wheelchair will go and is highly maneuverable; it pivots within its own dimensions.”
Planet Rider is designed to travel on bike paths, dirt roads, even highways. It transforms as it speeds up, becoming lower, more aerodynamic and more stable. It can go 65 miles an hour.
Calley developed Planet Rider to solve several problems. One is getting enough exercise. Drivers will have the option to pedal it and thus receive aerobic benefits. There's also the concern about parking. Planet Rider will not take the space that a car needs on crowded highways and in parking lots. In fact, they say it will fit in an office cubicle. Another challenge is the cost of owning and driving a car.
“A car, an economical car, costs over 60 cents a mile to operate,” they said. “If you drive more than 9,000 miles a year, that will cost you $55 a day. The cost of transportation for those in the lower income brackets is crushing.”
Calley believes once people try Planet Rider, they won't want to go back to driving a car to get from point A to point B on a regular basis. “It will be like taking a semi to work. It will get you there, but where do you park it?”
Planet Rider has safety features built in, as well. It stands about the height of a person, so it can be seen in traffic. The entire vehicle lights up, so it is very visible at night. The driver has a seatbelt, unlike a bike or a motorcycle. And it will come with an all-wheel drive option, they say. It also protects the driver from weather. “It's enclosed with a two-inch thick material that will not break. The shell is very strong and designed to absorb an enormous amount of energy.”
Currently, Planet Rider is in the development stage. When it goes into production, Calley expects it will initially cost around $7,000, but will level out around $2,000.
To hear more from Calley about their invention and potential new ride of the future, tune into FBN's podcast, On the Grid, at FlagstaffBusinessNews.com. FBN
In 2017, the global Wedding Invitations Software market size was xx million US$ and it is expected to reach xx million US$ by the end of 2025, with a CAGR of xx% during 2018-2025.
This report studies the global Wedding Invitations Software market size, industry status and forecast, competition landscape and growth opportunity. This research report categorizes the global Wedding Invitations Software market by companies, region, type and end-use industry.
In 2017, the global Wedding Invitations Software market size was xx million US$ and it is expected to reach xx million US$ by the end of 2025, with a CAGR of xx% during 2018-2025.
This report focuses on the global top players, covered
PrintingPress
MyMemories Wedding Studio
PrintMaster
Greeting Card Factory
Hallmark Software
Print Artist
Print Shop
Greeting Card Studio
Market segments by Regions/Countries, this report covers
United States
Europe
China
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
Market segments by Type, the product can be split into
Cloud Based
Installed Type
Market segments by Application, Wedding Invitations Software can be split into
Commercial
Personal
Others
Table of Contents
Global Wedding Invitations Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025
1 Industry Overview of Wedding Invitations Software
1.1 Wedding Invitations Software Market Overview
1.1.1 Wedding Invitations Software Product Scope
1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook
1.2 Global Wedding Invitations Software Market Size and Analysis by Regions (2013-2018)
1.2.1 United States
1.2.2 Europe
1.2.3 China
1.2.4 Japan
1.2.5 Southeast Asia
1.2.6 India
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now!
https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-wedding-invitations-software-market-size-status-and-forecast-2025/request-sample
What resulted is a typically fleet-footed tale about religion, technology, art, architecture, science and the beginning and end of the world that brings into Langdon's orbit a Spanish prince, a glamorous gallery curator, a playboy tech billionaire and even a robot with a jaunty British accent.
Penning this was "incredibly fun" for Brown, who cheerfully chatted about their self-driving car, fake news and whether he's once again on the cusp of controversy.
Do you struggle with technology the way Langdon does?
I have a good science mind, but not a good technical mind. I can't understand how a car works, but I embrace technology.
I have Edmond Kirsch's exact car (a fully self-driving Tesla Model X).
And now I let it drive me all over the place. When I first got it, my hands were hovering over the wheel in terror.
You must have really enjoyed writing Kirsch, this swaggering atheist computer scientist billionaire.
He's one of the most fun characters I've ever written. Because those guys are now in the headlines: the Elon Musks and these people who are changing our lives daily.
The reason their name starts with a K is that, for a while, their last name was Kurzweil (after American inventor and futurist Ray Kurzweil), just because I like Kurzweil. I knew I would change the name eventually, but it was a reminder that this guy is hardcore. I actually have not admitted that to a soul.
The term "fake news" makes its way into the book and a character laments that people can't tell the difference.
Well, it's all around us. It affected the election in my country. It affects all of us.
What has happened is that news is entertainment because now every single person with a cellphone is a broadcast news station. You can videotape anything and can distribute it to the world. There is no curator for the World Wide Web.
"Origin" also touches on the idea that certain scientific truths are being treated as somehow subjective; climate change as one example.
Let me say that we live in an era where there are members of congress in my country who declare that the world is 6,000 years old and the fossil record was put there to test our faith; that Adam and Eve literally populated all the races of the world.
To my way of thinking, this is an absolute untruth. A quantifiable untruth. But because it's a religious idea, that banner of religion provides a certain immunity from rational scrutiny. Climate change, because it's not a religious idea, politicians are allowed to say all sorts of different things.
Conspiracy websites are central to the plot too. Did you venture down any of those online rabbit holes?
Oh yeah, definitely. I spent plenty of time looking at their language, looking at the kind of stories they run, at the reactions.
There are plenty of intelligent people who buy into conspiracies.
A lot of people say: "Oh Dan, you're a conspiracy theorist." I do not believe that aliens have visited the planet … I'm pretty sure we did land on the moon, OK? No, I'm a skeptic.
The reason I'm very excited about this book is that we're living in a time when our species is letting go of its superstitions, and religion is a superstition.
Theirs are claims that are not quantifiable. It doesn't make them untrue, but when you declare it's a fact that you'll have seven years' bad luck if you break a mirror, I can't debate that.
But I think of it as a fish in its death throes flopping around on the beach. We're struggling as a species to somehow justify our religious beliefs against our logical minds.
How have you stayed interested in Langdon after five books?
Langdon chooses topics, not by coincidence, that fascinate me. They and I share a fascination in history and the power of religion and in art.
How does technology fit in?
Technology is changing the face of our philosophies at a very fast pace. It is challenging the world's religions in a way that is now striking at the very core.
And I have sensed a chasm opening up across many cultures between the believers and the non-believers.
At one extreme, you have very science-minded atheists and, at the other extreme, you have deeply fundamentally based religious people, and it used to be a continuum of all the different shades in between, but there's just this chasm opening.
Do you have a sense of how much controversy to anticipate?
I don't.
This will sound naive, but I was shocked "The Da Vinci Code" caused controversy.
I grew up in a house where I was encouraged to ask difficult questions without repercussions. And I wrote a book that said, "What does it mean to Christianity if Jesus isn't the son of God, if he's a normal prophet?"
It seemed like a perfectly reasonable question to ask, but not everybody agreed.
This time, I've asked: "Will God survive science?" I guess we'll just see what happens.
Special to the Toronto Star
OR 'WHY THE DUCK HUNT DOG LAUGHS AT YOU' How 1980s Light Guns And Light Pens Work
These old solutions allowed for experiences that are pretty close to the more sophisticated touch and visual sensing options available in today's hardware. That's pretty cool for simple light sensors.
0 Bryan Cranston says no more autographs, he's ‘overwhelmed:' ‘I can't do it anymore'
Bryan Cranston is retiring… from signing autographs!
>> Read more trending news
The “Breaking Bad” alum broke the news to fans in a post on Facebook Thursday. Sitting behind piles and piles of packages, Cranston looked directly into the camera, a bleak look on their face when they delivered the news to fans.
“Dear friends, This is the third double-stack of fan requests that are pouring into the office here in London. (This is a real shot. It's not altered) I have already spent hours and hours over the previous two stacks and took them personally to the post office. I can't do it anymore. I'm just overwhelmed. Even with an assistant it's too much,” they wrote. “After 18 years of signing anything and everything for fans – I'm retiring. I hope you'll understand and honor this announcement. I will still happily meet you in person and personalize autograph books and photos, and take pictures, and sign programs for those seeing a play of mine, but no more merchandise or clothing or DVDs or resale signatures on card stock or signed photographs, etc etc.”
The actor went on to thank their fans for years of support.
>> Related: Bryan Cranston invaded Colin Farrell's personal space while recounting a naughty sex story
“Thank you all for your interest in my acting journey. I hope you continue to find the work rewarding and entertaining to you. And I'll see you on the street – we'll take a selfie!” they wrote, adding a postscript, “Anything of value sent to me will be appreciatively given to charity.”
In January, the cast of “Breaking Bad” reunited on Twitter to share heartfelt tributes to the show's 10th anniversary.
Aaron Paul, who played Jesse Pinkman, took to Twitter with a sweet video in honor of the milestone.
“10 years ago today Mr. White and Jesse Pinkman decided to start cooking crystal meth.” tweeted Paul. “Thank you Vince for coming up with this crazy concept. Here's a quick video of our journeys. Happy 10th anniversary #BreakingBad.”
10 years ago today Mr. White and Jesse Pinkman decided to start cooking crystal meth. Thank you Vince for coming up with this crazy concept. Here's a quick video of our journeys. Happy 10th anniversary #BreakingBad. https://t.co/2NN4XIKeLV — Aaron Paul (@aaronpaul_8) January 20, 2018
Cranston, who played Walter White, later responded to Paul writing, “Yo Bitch! I stole your line, Aaron. But you can ‘Say my name! Just thinking about the 6 magical years on ‘BB' with our great cast and crew. I miss you all, even those Heisenberg had to kill. Vince, you're a genius and a wonderful human being. Thank you for the ride of our lives!”
Yo Bitch! I stole your line, Aaron. But you can "Say my name!" Just thinking about the 6 magical years on BB with our great cast and crew. I miss you all, even those Heisenberg had to kill. Vince, you're a genius and a wonderful human being. Thank you for the ride of our lives! https://t.co/SOWarnwH7X — Bryan Cranston (@BryanCranston) January 20, 2018
They later tweeted a joke about the “coincidence” of Jan. 20, ten years after the premiere.
“The government shutdown today comes on the 10th anniversary of the premiere of ‘Breaking Bad,' Jan 20, 2008,” they tweeted. “Coincidence? Or could Heisenberg have something to do with it? Hmmm?”
The government shutdown today comes on the 10th anniversary of the premiere of Breaking Bad, Jan 20, 2008. Coincidence? Or could Heisenberg have something to do with it? Hmmm? Here's some BB iconography https://t.co/UmVYX67rsR — Bryan Cranston (@BryanCranston) January 20, 2018
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
[India], July 4 (ANI): Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Wednesday hailed the verdict by the five-judge Constitution bench of the Supreme Court in favour of the Delhi Government on its tussle with the Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal.
They tweeted saying the victory is "a big victory for the people of Delhi...a big victory for democracy."
Welcoming the verdict, Delhi Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia said, "It's a landmark judgment by the Supreme Court. Now Delhi Government will not have to send their files to L-G for approval; now work will not be stalled. I thank the SC, it's a big win for democracy."
Pronouncing its verdict on the ongoing tussle between the Centre and the elected Government of Delhi, the top court said that the LG's role cannot be obstructionist. Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, who headed the five-judge bench comprising A.K. Sikri, A.M. Khanwilkar, D.Y. Chandrachud and Ashok Bhushan said, "L-G cannot act independently unless where the Constitution allows. L-G cannot be an obstructionist." CJI Misra said that the L-G must work harmoniously with the state and the council of ministers has to be constantly aligned. "L-G cannot act independently unless where the Constitution allows. L-G cannot be an obstructionist, they must take advice from the Council of Ministers. The Council has to inform the L-G of its decisions. The L-G must work harmoniously with the state, the L-G and council of ministers has to be constantly aligned. There is no space for anarchy," the CJI said. The power tussle between the Delhi government and the Lieutenant Governor has been on since the formation of the AAP government in the state. Recently, Kejriwal along with Delhi's Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia and others sat on a nine-day sit-in strike against L-G at the latter's office-cum-residence. (ANI)
× San Diego to join Washington's lawsuit against Trump's ‘travel ban'
SAN DIEGO – The San Diego City Council voted Tuesday to join in the filing of a brief in support the state of Washington's lawsuit against President Donald Trump's so-called “travel ban.”
San Diego will be one of several major U.S. cities that back Washington state's case, which was upheld last week by a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal.
City Council approval is required for the city of San Diego to initiate or get involved in legal action.
Read more Trump won't immediately appeal travel ban halt to Supreme Court
City Attorney Mara Elliott said San Diego was asked by the city of Chicago to join in filing an amicus curiae brief in the case.
The president called their executive order a “common sense” move to make sure the wrong people cannot enter the country. Seven predominantly Muslim nations were included on the list for the three-month ban. Refugees from Syria were to be banned indefinitely.
“Americans deserve an immigration policy that keeps us safe without needlessly separating families and shutting our doors on innocent people seeking the American dream,” Mayor Kevin Faulconer said.
“Legal immigration contributes greatly to San Diego's economy and culture, and our region has taken in more refugees than any other in California,” Faulconer said. “This executive order has a direct effect on San Diegans and I believe it is appropriate in this case for our city to weigh in.”
The council agreed to join the case on an 8-1 vote taken in closed session.
Scott Sherman, the lone dissenter, “was asked to sign onto a legal opinion that no one has seen or read,” said Jeff Powell, a spokesperson for the councilman.
“In addition, the executive order in question is currently not in effect due to a judicial ruling,” Powell said. “It is unacceptable to expend valuable and limited resources in the City Attorney's Office on an order that could be rescinded at any moment.”
They said city officials should focus on local municipal issues instead of chasing national news stories.
Councilman David Alvarez had a different view.
“I'm proud that San Diego is joining the state of Washington in the effort to strike down the executive order issued by President Trump that restricts immigration and admission of refugees into the United States,” they said. “This short-sighted action taken by the president is un-American. It has torn families apart and is detrimental to our economy.”
The closed session took place after about one hour of testimony from members of the public.
“The executive order that established these policies violates fundamental principles of human rights and bedrock tenants of constitutional law,” said Imam Taha Hassane, director of the Islamic Center of San Diego. “And it betrays our values as a nation of immigrants and San Diegans.”
Implementation has had cruel and arbitrary impacts, said Hassane, who read from a statement that they said was co-signed by such groups as the Council on American-Islamic Relations, Anti-Defamation League and American Civil Liberties Union, plus numerous individuals.
Many San Diegans are directly impacted by Trump's travel ban, Hassane said.
“We are an international metropolitan region — cross-border travel and trade are vital to our economic and social well-being,” Hassane said. “We are on the front line of the immigration issue, and we have the nation's fourth- highest population of residents from the seven countries named in the travel ban.”
Their position was backed by numerous public speakers, including a refugee from Syria who said the vote sends a message on whether their family is welcome in San Diego, and a woman from Somalia who said the U.S. “is fighting for its soul.”
A handful of opponents of filing the brief called the move “gratuitous” and said the law is actually on Trump's side.
Three council members — Sherman, Mark Kersey and Lorie Zapf — left the dais for most of the public testimony. All three took part in the closed- session vote, however.
Powell said Sherman had an “unfortunate conflict” but was on hand for the decision.
A spokesperson for Zapf said they aren't feeling well and watched the proceedings from their office.
Kersey's office didn't respond to an inquiry.
Aug 12 (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearize the Korean peninsula during a phone conversation on Friday, the White House said in a statement.
Trump and Xi also agreed that the recent adoption of a United Nations Security Council resolution on North Korea was an important step toward achieving peace and stability on the peninsula, it added.
"President Trump and President Xi agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behavior," the statement said.
The White House said the "relationship between the two presidents is an extremely close one, and will hopefully lead to a peaceful resolution of the North Korea problem." (Reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
The man who is charged with the attack on Parkland's Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School on February 14 recorded a video beforehand announcing their plans to be the “next school shooter of 2018.”
The Sun-Sentinel reports that they recorded more than one video, all via their cell phone. They made the recordings on February 14, prior to carrying out the shooting, using the opportunity to announce their attack and outline their plan to carry it out.
One video begins: “Hello, my name is Nik, and I'm going to be the next school shooter of 2018. My goal is at least 20 people with an AR-15 and a couple of tracer rounds. I think I can get it done. … It's going to be a big event. When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am.”
They laughed at the people they were going to kill, then outlined their plan to take an Uber to the school, unload their bags, and attack.
In the video, they state, “Today is the day, the day that it all begins, the day of my massacre shall begin. All the kids in school will run in fear and hide. From the wrath of my power, they will know who I am. I am nothing, I am no one, my life is nothing and meaningless.”
They added, “I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being told I'm an idiot and dumb*ss. In real life, you're all the dumb*ss. You're all stupid and brainwashed by the **** political government programs.”
Toward the end of their recording, they said, “My love for you, Angie, will never go away. I hope to see you in the afterlife.”
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News, the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets with AWR Hawkins, and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News.  They are the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com. Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange.
Congress' border loopholes for asylum seekers have delivered more than 400,000 additional migrants into Americans' workplaces, reducing free-market pressure on employers and investors to raise wages for blue-collar Americans.
The 400,000-strong population of asylum seekers “is a huge thing — it is almost half of our legal immigration flow per year,” said Rosemary Jenks, policy director at NumbersUSA.
“It is more than the number of agricultural guest-workers [H-2as] that we hand out [each year], plus the number of H-2Bs [visa workers], plus the annual number of H-1Bs [visa workers],” they said.
The asylum seekers “are competing for construction jobs and service-industry jobs against the poorest Americans — including the recent legal immigrants — and of course the employers gain,” they said.
The 400,000 number was provided by an official to Breitbart News, and it is equal to one-tenth of the 4 million young Americans who join the workforce each year.
All told, the resident population of illegals, guest-workers, visa workers and asylum-seekers adds at least 11 million workers to a national labor force of roughly 161.5 million. That is almost 7 percent of the workforce, and the resulting wage-competition transfers a huge amount of wealth each year from white-collar and blue-collar employees to the nation's employers, investors and urban professionals.
In fiscal 2017, which started October 2016, officials at the Department of Homeland Security approved 403,000 work permits for migrants based on pending asylum claims. This (c)(8) process allows officials to give “Employment Authorization Documents” to migrants 150 days after they file for asylum. During fiscal 2017, officials declined to give EADs to an additional 76,000 applicants.
The EADs work permits stretch for two years. Additional two-year permits are being awarded in Fiscal 2018, starting October 2017.
The total number of asylum-seekers with EADs is likely around “half a million,” said Jenks.
WashPo shows Americans' wages are rising to decent levels in Hilton Head b/c Trump is cutting inflow of foreign labor. Evidence is a restauranteur who is rationally rebalancing wages/staffing, tables/revenues, amid what they say is an economic 'nightmare' https://t.co/BEpyef4gB9 — Neil Munro (@NeilMunroDC) May 22, 2018
The number of (c)(8) EAD recipients spiked because President Barack Obama's border policies invited a wave of Central American migrants to apply for asylum in the hope of getting “permisos” to live and work in the United States. In turn, the inflow overwhelmed the immigration courts and detention centers, prompting a policy of “catch and release.”
DHS officials say that roughly 80 percent of asylum-seekers pass Congress' initial, low-bar “credible fear” test which is administered at the border. Those asylum-seekers are allowed to file for asylum in courts. But the court hearings for people are backed up for at least two years, so allowing the migrants to file for the (c)(8) work permits.
Officials are unable to keep asylum seekers at the border while their asylum claims are considered by judges because the 1997 Flores court settlement requires officials to release migrant families after 20 days of detention.
Also, Congress has not provided enough judges or detention space to process the large volume of asylum claims within the Flores 20-day deadline. This lack of funding forces agency officials to release hundreds of thousands of asylum-seekers and illegal migrants into the United States.
Only 20 percent of asylum seekers eventually win their asylum cases in court.
President Donald Trump, aided by Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Homeland secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, is trying to reduce the cross-border flow by processing asylum requests within the Flores 20-day deadline. Sessions and Nielsen are also working to reverse the pro-migration skew in policies set by Obama's deputies.
However, Jenks warned that Obama's wave will make the task for Trump and Sessions very difficult.
For example, the 400,000-plus migrants with EADs are also given Social Security Numbers and drivers' licenses, they said. Once their claims for asylum are rejected, they will lose the EADs and melt into the nation's population of 11 million illegals — and will have the valid documents needed to get and keep jobs, they said.
The SSNs are permanent, and few states ask drivers to prove their eligibility when they are renewing their drivers' licenses, they said. The combination of both documents is enough to pass an I-9 enforcement check unless the federal agencies cancel the SSNs and enforcement agency also checks for invalid SSNs.
“If they are not deported, their lives will not change … nothing happens because they have a drivers' license and an SSN,” Jenks said, adding that federal agencies already face the huge and difficult task of finding 1 million illegals who have been ordered out of the United States by judges.
Many of the migrants with EADs are unskilled and likely hold minimum wage jobs, Jenks said. That poverty also means they are getting aid from the local, state and federal governments, they said. Their children are placed into Americans' schools; the families get limited medical care, plus state assistance, plus federal tax-related subsidies, including the child credit and the Earned Income Tax Credit.
Most of the asylum-seeking migrants hold jobs in major towns and cities, ensuring lower wages in Democratic cities, they said.
Also, Democratic and GOP leaders have repeatedly rejected Trump's four-part immigration reforms in 2018. Those reforms would push up wages and salaries by trimming immigration numbers and by closing many of the border loopholes which have raised the labor supply in the United States. In fact, many Democratic politicians are trying to widen the loopholes and to import more cheap labor amid the dramatic rise in wealth inequality in California and nationwide.
Around the nation, Republicans and Democrats have worked hard to protect their districts' supply of cheap labor, often by trying to exclude federal enforcement agencies. In April 2018, for example, Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf (D) warned local illegal aliens — and many local food-industry businesses — that ICE was planning to arrest many criminal illegal aliens. Officials later said Schaaf's warning helped block the repatriation of many criminal illegal aliens with sex crime convictions, drunk driving convictions, and armed robbery convictions.
“Important Alert! Credible information ICE Raids in Oakland Sunday 2/25 and Monday 2/26,” said the message from the mayor's office to a local business group, the Oakland Indie Alliance.
Business executives complain bitterly when they are forced to compete for workers by offering higher wages. The Washington Post reported the complaints of restaurateur Steve Carb who was forced to raise wages to fill just 900 of the 1,000 open jobs at their 12 restaurants in Hilton Head:
Dishwashers earn $13 an hour instead of the $10 they earned a couple of years ago. Line cooks are paid $15 to $18 an hour, instead of $13 to $15. Additional overtime costs mean tweaking the menu to stay profitable, from switching to smaller shrimp to raising the price of a plate of fish and chips by 30 cents. “The whole island is a disaster zone right now,” said Carb, president and founder of SERG Restaurant Group. “It's been a nightmare.”
Republicans from agricultural districts are also working with the establishment media and Democrats to raise the inflow of migrants to the food industry, such as dairy farms. Also, donors are threatening to go on strike if the GOP does not force Trump to raise the labor supply.
Overall, wages rose just 2 percent in 2017 after discounting inflation, amid good economic growth, according to a May 23 report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
CEOs & investors are splitting from GOP voters after getting their Dec. tax cut. They're using donation leverage to demand more cheap labor via DACA amnesty. Also trying to stop Trump immig reforms. Obvs, very unpopular with 2018 blue/white collar voters https://t.co/96FKIOhM7c — Neil Munro (@NeilMunroDC) May 27, 2018
The migrants also nudge up demand for good and services, such as the apartments, foods, autos sold by members of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The extra migrants also provide much work to immigration lawyers and related support organizations.
The 400,000 number of asylum-seekers does not include migrants who have sneaked across the border or the roughly 300,000 illegal migrants who have been released into the United States pending deportation hearings. It does not include the 1 million illegals who remain in the United Stae after getting a judge's deportation order.
The 400,000 number does not include the population of roughly 1.5 million white-collar visa-workers — such as H-1Bs, L-1s, and OPTs — nor the population of at least 400,000 manual workers using H-2A, J-1 or H-2B visas. The 400,000 number is also different from the roughly 8 million illegals who hold jobs throughout the United States.
Four million Americans turn 18 each year and begin looking for good jobs in the free market.
The Washington-imposed economic policy of economic growth via mass-immigration shifts wealth from young people towards older people, it floods the market with foreign labor, spikes profits and Wall Street values by cutting salaries for manual and skilled labor offered by blue-collar and white-collar employees. It also drives up real estate prices, widens wealth-gaps, reduces high-tech investment, increases state and local tax burdens, hurts kids' schools and college education, pushes Americans away from high-tech careers, and sidelines at least 5 million marginalized Americans and their families, including many who are now struggling with opioid addictions.
But Trump's effort to limit legal and illegal immigration is driving up wages and salaries for Americans in various locations and careers around the country. The beneficiaries include African-American bakers in Chicago, Latino restaurant workers in Monterey, Calif., disabled people in Missouri, high schoolers, resort workers in Hilton Head, construction workers, Superbowl workers, the garment industry, and workers at small businesses, and even Warren Buffett's railroad workers.
São Paulo, April 19 A Dutch court on Wednesday ordered two subsidiaries of Brazilian phone company Oi SA to begin bankruptcy proceedings, giving some creditors a new form of leverage for their fight in Brazil's biggest-ever bankruptcy case.
The ruling, which overturned a lower court's decision in February, gives Oi the chance for a final appeal before the Dutch Supreme Court, which the company said it would request.
If Wednesday's ruling stands, court-appointed trustees for Oi Brasil Holdings Coöperatief UA and Portugal Telecom International Finance BV will be tasked with liquidating the units to repay creditors.
Oi's two Dutch subsidiaries issued about 5.8 billion euros ($6.2 billion) of debt, representing most of the company's outstanding bond debt of approximately 8.5 billion euros.
Those funds were passed largely to the parent company, which is protected from creditors by its own restructuring process in a Brazilian court, where the judge will have a say over claims from trustees of the Dutch subsidiaries.
Oi said in a securities filing that the Dutch ruling had no impact on its day-to-day operations, including sales, maintenance and investments.
In June, Oi filed for Brazil's largest-ever bankruptcy protection process, in an effort to restructure about 65 billion reais ($21 billion) of bond, bank and regulatory liabilities.
The Dutch case created an early divide among the company's bondholders. Investors such as Aurelius Capital Management LP, Attestor Capital LLC, Citadel LLP and York Capital Management formed the so-called International Bondholder Committee to press their case in the Netherlands while a group advised by Moelis & Co focused exclusively on the Brazilian case.
The International Bondholder Committee, which holds more than $2 billion of bonds issued by the two Dutch companies and other Oi units, declined to comment on Wednesday's ruling.
($1 = 3.149 reais) (Reporting by Brad Haynes and Alberto Alerigi Jr.)
The military declines to make public its findings now, citing security
Published 3:54 PM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) has finished and submitted its internal fact-finding probe into a “friendly fire” incident that claimed the lives of 10 of its own. But its findings will be kept under wraps – at least until military operations in Marawi City are over.
Major General Rafael Valencia, the AFP's Inspector General, confirmed that the Board of Inquiry (BOI) investigation has been submitted to the AFP's chief of staff General Eduardo Año.
AFP Public Affairs Office (PAO) office chief Colonel Edgard Arevalo said the same report had been submitted to the two commands – the Air Force and the Army – involved in the Marawi mishap. The report was concluded on June 6.
“But for now, some of our findings cannot be revealed because the conflict is ongoing and revealing the findings may impair our operations and expose operational details,” Arevalo told Rappler on Wednesday, June 14.
Valencia made the same suggestion to Año.
On May 31, ten soldiers were killed and 7 were wounded during a military air strike to flush out members of the Maute Group in Marawi City.
Arevalo said that because of the report, the AFP “knows what happened.” “We have to address the issues raised there, what the discrepancies are – to [be able to] act accordingly,” they said.
Defense chief Delfin Lorenzana earlier said “initial report says pilot error.” Asked if this was what the probers uncovered, Arevalo said it was “too early” to tell.
It will be up to the Air Force and Army to act on the BOI's findings, they noted. This includes any possible sanctions on personnel involved.
As of June 14, at least 286 people have died as a result of the ongoing conflict in Marawi, according to the military. Of this number, 202 were members of the Maute or Abu Sayyaf, 58 came from the military and police, and 26 were civilians.
Over 1,600 civilians have been rescued from the city since the clashes began on May 23. – Rappler.com
Winning numbers drawn in 'LuckyDay Lotto Midday' game
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon's drawing of the Illinois Lottery's "LuckyDay Lotto Midday" game were:
18-20-29-38-41
(eighteen, twenty, twenty-nine, thirty-eight, forty-one)
Saturdays in the fall are precious, but this one has special value because it's a bye week for the Vols.
ANKENY, Iowa – A man's selfless deed for a veteran at an Iowa Walmart store has been shared thousands of times after it moved one shopper to post on their Facebook page.
Alana Ruthann wrote that they were looking at their phone while waiting to check out Saturday, “absorbed in my own world of technology,” when they saw a beautiful exchange between two men ahead of them
A young man told an older man wearing a hat indicating they were a military veteran, “Sir, I'm paying for your items because you paid by serving my country and I'm grateful for you.”
Alana Ruthann wrote that the older man was caught off guard by the gesture and struggled to hold their emotions in. The young man quickly paid for the items and thanked the veteran once more before leaving.
The veteran seemed at a loss and asked the cashier what they should do now, and they replied with a smile “You have a good day!”
“It was that moment I realized I had TWO heroes in line in-front of me,” Ruthann wrote. “My heart welled as I watched our veteran readjust their Veteran ball cap, straighten up, and hold their head with pride as they walked out knowing someone was grateful for him.”
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump traveled to Medstar Washington Hospital Center to visit House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, after they were shot and wounded at the congressional baseball practice on Wednesday morning.
The president and the first lady traveled by motorcade to the hospital after celebrating the president's 71st birthday with family members at the White House. Trump's sons Eric Trump and Donald Jr. shared photos of themselves and their families at the White House to mark the occasion, as well as their daughter Ivanka Trump and their son-in-law Jared Kushner.
The first couple brought flowers to Scalise according to White House staff, who is recovering from surgery after being shot in the hip. They also brought flowers to Capitol Police officer Crystal Griner who was wounded in the attack. Capitol police officer David Bailey was also wounded in the attack, as well as congressional staffer Zack Barth and lobbyist Matt Mika.
Earlier in the day Trump recognized Scalise as a friend, while commenting on the shooting that wounded five people at the baseball field.
“Congressman Scalise is a friend, and a very good friend,” they said. “He's a patriot and he's a fighter. They will recover from this assault. And, Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation and, frankly, the entire world.”
According to a statement from the hospital, Scalise remains in critical condition after suffering injuries to their internal organs and severe bleeding.
After leaving the hospital, Trump shared a message on Twitter.
“Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape – but they are a real fighter,” they wrote. “Pray for Steve!”
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
PALMER — Four Dall sheep from the Talkeetna Mountains and two Kenai Peninsula mountain goats just made unfortunate Alaska history.
The animals became the state's first wild sheep and goats to test positive for a pathogen known as Movi that has led to deadly outbreaks among bighorn sheep in the Lower 48 and is triggering calls for restrictions on domestic livestock here.
The test results, announced by the Alaska Department of Fish and Game last week, confirmed fears that the strain of bacteria could turn up in Alaska wildlife coveted by hunters and camera-wielding tourists alike.
The Dall sheep that tested positive — four out of 136 brought in by hunters — all came from an area east of Chickaloon and north of the Glenn Highway and Matanuska River. All appeared healthy.
State biologists live-captured 39 mountain goats in Southeast and on the Kenai; two from the Kenai tested positive for Movi and showed no signs of illness, state officials say.
The pathogen — Mycoplasma ovipneumonia — can pass from domestic livestock. It's considered a pathogen because it can prevent the small hairy cilia in an animal's lungs from clearing bacteria, allowing viruses to spread and cause pneumonia.
There's been no evidence of die-offs in Alaska's wild sheep or goats, according to Fish and Game spokesperson Ken Marsh.
State officials cautioned the preliminary results involving a small number of animals need more study before any conclusions can — or should — be drawn.
They also don't know if there's any connection to domestic livestock.
About 4 percent of roughly 350 domestic sheep and goats in Alaska tested in the past eight months came up positive for the pathogen. None showed signs of illness.
The pathogen strains found in wild sheep and goats appear different from those found in domestic ones, according to state veterinarian Dr. Robert Gerlach.
But that's just preliminary information before painstaking genomic sequencing begins, said Gerlach, who praised Fish and Game for informing the public with the test results, and then spending the time it takes to tease out specific results.
“We have just four positive samples in wild sheep and two in goats. We know it's present, we don't know how long it's been there, we don't know how widespread it is,” they said. “People are saying this is a crisis and a disaster. Let's do what we're supposed to do … look at the facts.”
The state's Movi announcement Tuesday prompted renewed calls for regulations on domestic animals from a group that's lobbied the Alaska Board of Game since 2016 for fencing and other restrictions on farm-raised goats and sheep.
The Alaska Wild Sheep Foundation in 2016 and last year asked the state Board of Game to bump domestic sheep and goats from Alaska's “clean list” of animals that don't require permits, a proposal that triggered outrage in the farming community.
But the board, saying it lacked authority over domestic animals, tabled a decision in December.
The foundation called the test results “tragic news” and is calling for mandatory testing of domestic sheep and goats.
Foundation president Kevin Kehoe offered in a statement to pay for testing and “mitigation” of infected domestic animals for a total projected cost of $600,000.
Kehoe said in a statement it's no surprise the pathogen appeared in wild sheep near Chickaloon given the proximity of nearby farms.
Kehoe didn't immediately respond to an interview request.
But livestock producers say the owner of the only sizable goat farm in the area moved away some time ago and only a few small farms remain.
Sheep and goat owners have been working with the Alaska Farm Bureau, Fish and Game, the Alaska Wild Sheep Foundation, the state Division of Agriculture and state veterinarian on a collaborative plan.
The state only began testing for Movi last year, so it's possible the pathogen existed in wild sheep in the Talkeetnas for years and just wasn't caught, said Suzy Crosby, who raises American Alpine goats on a Wasilla farm.
“There have been no die-offs. This is not to say we should let down our guard,” Crosby said. “However, it does not mean that it's time for a shotgun approach or drastic action.”
Fish and Game is working with the USDA Animal Disease Research Unit and the Washington Animal Disease Diagnostic Laboratory in Pullman on additional research.
A quick-thinking 10-year-old boy helped police nab a burglar inside their home in Clinton County.
Scroll for more content...
Jude Mackenzie told us they aren't really scared. Instead, when they saw the intruder, they stayed calm, hid, and called police.
"It's my worst nightmare to have someone break into my house and I don't even hear it."
But that's what happened to Kelsa Mackenzie and their family in Lock Haven.
According to investigators, late Sunday night there was a break-in. Everyone was upstairs in bed expect 10-year-old Jude.
"I was watching YouTube on my TV and I just heard somebody slam the door," Jude recalled.
Jude expected to see their sister who was coming home from a friend's house. Instead, they saw Allen Hurneman, 43, rummaging through the kitchen.
"When they got into the kitchen light, I saw them and I just took off running."
Jude ran into the living room where they slid under the couch and called 911.
Police came within minutes and arrested Hurneman.
That's when Jude went upstairs to wake their mom and dad. The couple had their air conditioning on and slept through the break-in.
"We kind of were like, 'Jude, are you kidding? Did you have a bad dream?' He's like, 'No, the police are here.' So, we come downstairs, we watch police taking them over to the car and that's when we were like, 'this is real,'" Kelsa Mackenzie said.
Kelsa says the burglar first went through their SUV. They say they think they went inside because they were looking for the keys.
Worry quickly became relief for older sister Kandyce who says she's proud of their brother's quick decision to call police
"I was really scared. I'll admit it I was scared," Kandyce Serafini said. "That awesome especially for being a 10 year old. Normally, 10 year olds wouldn't do that."
"I'm the proudest mom right now I am. I will boast I am the proudest mom right now," Kelsa said.
Jude said they were working off instinct when they called police but they knew what to do because they watch a lot of "Chicago PD" and army movies.
As for Hurneman, they have been charged with burglary and criminal trespass.  They are in the Clinton County Prison.
OTTAWA, April 12 Canadian home prices rose in March as prices continued to climb in major cities in Ontario and British Columbia, according to data released on Wednesday which was likely to add to concerns about affordability in some parts of the country.
The Teranet-National Bank Composite House Price Index, which measures changes for repeat sales of single-family homes, showed prices rose 0.9 percent last month. It was the largest March increase in 10 years, the report said.
Compared with a year ago, prices jumped 13.5 percent, the biggest 12-month increase since November 2006.
Higher prices in Toronto once again helped drive the national figures, with home prices in the city rising 1.8 percent, the 14th consecutive monthly gain. Prices were up a record 24.8 percent from a year ago.
Accelerating prices in Toronto have raised fears that its housing market may be in a bubble. Canada's Finance Minister Bill Morneau is expected to meet with Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa to discuss housing affordability.
Prices rose 2.1 percent on a monthly basis in nearby Hamilton, where real estate has become more expensive as buyers are priced out of Toronto.
In Vancouver, prices gained 0.9 percent, leaving them just 0.2 percent below the peak hit last September. Prices were up 12.2 percent from the year before, slightly lower than the national average. Activity in the city has cooled since a foreign buyers tax was implemented last August.
Price gains were more robust in the British Columbia capital of Victoria, up 1.0 percent on the month and 18.0 percent on the year. (Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
× Dog named ‘Scarface' mauls owners after they try to put a sweater on them
TAMPA BAY, Fla. — A dog named ‘Scarface' sent two people to the hospital after its owner tried to put a sweater on him, the Tampa Bay Times reports.
The incident occurred around 2:30 p.m. on Friday when 52-year-old Brenda Guerrero tried to put a sweater on the dog and it attacked them Them husband, 46-year-old Ismael Guerrero, tried to pull the dog off of their wife and it turned and began attacking him.
Warning: Graphic video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
That's when their 22-year-old son got a knife and began stabbing the pit bull in the head and neck, the newspaper reports.
All three were able to escape the house and leave the dog in the backyard.
"Officers responding said the dog was pretty aggressive," said Eddy Durkin with the Tampa Bay police, according to WTFS. "When they Tased the dog, the dog was still pulling away and was able to release the prongs from the Taser."
Officials said there were two children in the house when they entered, but they were uninjured.
Brenda and Ismael were taken to the hospital. Brenda's injuries are serious but not life-threatening.
HALIFAX — Christopher Garnier has taken the stand at their trial in the death of off-duty police officer Catherine Campbell.
Their lawyer opened the defence case this morning by saying Campbell died accidentally during rough sex.
Joel Pink told the 14-member jury during their opening statement today that Campbell died during a consensual sexual encounter and that it was an "unfortunate accidental death."
They also said Garnier will tell the jury what happened in the early hours of Sept. 11, 2015.
A four-page House Intelligence Committee memo alleging abuse of surveillance authority raises immediate questions about former FBI Director James Comey's role in utilizing the infamous, largely discredited 35-page anti-Trump dossier to obtain a FISA court warrant to monitor an individual associated with Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign.
One glaring possible inconsistency centers on Comey's June 8, 2017 prepared remarks for the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, where they referred to the anti-Trump dossier as containing “salacious and unverified” material.
Yet, according to the memo crafted by House Republicans, Comey personally signed three FISA court applications utilizing that same dossier that they labeled “salacious and unverified” eight months later to obtain FISA court warrants to conduct surveillance on Carter Page, who briefly served as a volunteer foreign policy adviser to Trump's 2016 campaign.
The memo documents that on October 21, 2016, the FBI and Justice Department sought and received the FISA order against Page, and that the agencies sought the renewal of the order every 90 days in accordance with court requirements. Renewals require separate finding of probable cause each time, the memo relates.
According to the memo, Comey “signed three FISA applications in question on behalf of the FBI, and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one.” Sally Yates, then-Acting Deputy Attorney Gernal Dana Boente, and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein signed one or more of the applications on behalf of the Justice Department.
The memo relates the FBI utilized the anti-Trump dossier compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele as evidence against Page in order to obtain the FISA warrant.
However, according to the memo, the FBI and DOJ failed to inform the FISA court of the following:
That Steele's Dossier was reportedly funded by Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) via the Perkins Coie law firm. “Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior and FBI officials,” the memo states.
That the initial application notes Steele worked for a “named U.S. person” but does not name the controversial firm Fusion GPS or its founder Glenn Simpson.
That Steele reportedly met with Yahoo News at the direction of Fusion GPS. A Yahoo News article about an alleged trip by Page to Moscow was cited in the FISA warrant, according to the memo.
After they allegedly signed three FISA applications based on Steele's dossier, Comey publically referred to Steele's work as “salacious and unverified.”
In Comey's June 8, 2017 prepared remarks for the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, the former FBI chief says that following a January 6 Oval Office meeting with Intelligence Community leaders, Comey “remained alone with the President Elect to brief them on some personally sensitive aspects of the information assembled during the assessment.”'
It is clear Comey was referring to the dossier since they write the “salacious and unverified” material was about to be publically reported by the news media.
They write:
The IC leadership thought it important, for a variety of reasons, to alert the incoming President to the existence of this material, even though it was salacious and unverified. Among those reasons were: (1) we knew the media was about to publicly report the material and we believed the IC should not keep knowledge of the material and its imminent release from the President-Elect; and (2) to the extent there was some effort to compromise an incoming President, we could blunt any such effort with a defensive briefing.
Four days after that briefing, the dossier was published by BuzzFeed.
Also, in their statement summarizing their conversation with Trump, Comey refers to Russian prostitutes, a key component of the dossier:
They said they had nothing to do with Russia, had not been involved with hookers in Russia, and had always assumed they were being recorded when in Russia.
In a private White House dinner with Trump on January 27, Comey says the topic of the “salacious material” again came up and they reveal that Trump was considering asking the FBI to investigate the origins of the claims. Comey pushed back against that idea.
Comey writes:
During the dinner, the President returned to the salacious material I had briefed them about on January 6, and, as they had done previously, expressed their disgust for the allegations and strongly denied them. They said they were considering ordering me to investigate the alleged incident to prove it didn't happen. I replied that they should give that careful thought because it might create a narrative that we were investigating them personally, which we weren't, and because it was very difficult to prove a negative. They said they would think about it and asked me to think about it.
Meanwhile, despite their role in signing three FISA applications based on a largely debunked dossier that they themselves referred to as “unverified,” Comey on Friday took to Twitter to claim the memo's release “destroyed trust” with the Intelligence community.
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter.  They are a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow them on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow them on Facebook.
Written with research by Joshua Klein.
© AP Photo/ Pablo Martinez Monsivais US Media Claims of Trump Team's Ties to Russian Intelligence Eye Impeachment - Senator
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)According to The Wall Street Journal, Gubarev refused to name the banks that denied credit to their company to avoid aggravating the relationship, but said that they were demanding proof of their non-involvement in the activities described in the report.
The business person denounced claims made in the dossier about them and their company leading cyberattacks on the US Democratic Party members as false and said they were a business person, not a hacker.
"If I am a hacker, would I be sitting here and giving interviews to people?" Gubarev said Tuesday, as quoted by the newspaper.
On February 3, Gubarev filed a lawsuit against the US BuzzFeed news outlet for publishing a report with their name in it. BuzzFeed spokesperson said that the tech entrepreneur's name was edited out of the dossier and apologized on behalf of the outlet for including it.
A separate suit was filed in London against Christopher Steele, a retired UK intelligence agent, who may have been the author of the report. Steele has not commented on the situation, The Wall Street Journal said.
On January 13, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov called the dossier a forgery. Trump also called the dossier fake and said it was put together by theirs opponents.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
MISSOULA, Mont. — Wildlife officials in Montana have found a new home in Canada for three grizzly bear cubs that were orphaned in June when their mother was killed by a vehicle.
Montana Fish, Wildlife and Parks announced plans on Tuesday to send the cubs to Zoo Sauvage de Saint-Felicien in Quebec.
The Missoulian newspaper reports that the cubs have been at a Helena wildlife rehabilitation centre since being captured in early June.
Authorities have been searching for a new home for the cubs since, hoping to avoid euthanizing them.
OWINGS MILLS, Md. — Following an agonizing night in Pittsburgh, the Baltimore Ravens took consolation in knowing their fourth-quarter collapse won't necessarily impact their chances of reaching the playoffs.
In spite of Sunday night's 39-38 loss to the Steelers, the Ravens (7-6) can end a two-year playoff drought by winning their final three regular-season games. It's a task that does not appear to be all that imposing, given that the collective record of those three opponents is 8-31.
After facing winless Cleveland on the road Sunday, Baltimore hosts Indianapolis (3-13) on Dec. 23 before wrapping up with Cincinnati (5-8) at home on Dec. 31.
"It's the National Football League. Those will be three very challenging football games for us, but we're capable of doing it. We expect to do it," coach John Harbaugh said Monday. "We're right there to earn a wild-card berth, but there are three games left and we've got to make it happen for ourselves."
Baltimore took a three-game winning streak into Pittsburgh and was coming off its most complete performance of the season, a 44-20 rout of Detroit. After spotting the Steelers a 14-0 lead, the Ravens moved in front 31-20 before being outscored 19-7 over the final 15 minutes.
"In the fourth quarter, the defence dropped the ball," linebacker Terrell Suggs acknowledged.
Ben Roethlisberger threw for 506 yards and a Baltimore defence that led the NFL in takeaways didn't get any. Playing their first game without injured cornerback Jimmy Smith, the Ravens had no answer for Pittsburgh's Antonio Brown, who finished with 11 catches for 213 yards.
Asked one day later if they regretted not using double-coverage against the gifted receiver, Harbaugh replied, "I'm sure baseball pitchers wish they hadn't thrown a fastball when they threw a fastball or a curveball when they hung one there for a home run."
It was a stinging defeat against a bitter rival, and it provided the Steelers with the AFC North title. Perhaps the most surprising aspect of the loss what that a defence that has already registered three shutouts this season didn't force a punt in the first half and allowed Roethlisberger to throw for 228 yards in the fourth quarter alone.
"If you had told me that our offence would put up 38 points against them, I would have 100 per cent said we would have won," Ravens safety Eric Weddle said. "This is going to sting for a while, especially for the guys on defence because we care so much."
Smart cars are a hit at the ongoing Shanghai Asian Consumer Electronics Show (CES), where science and technology companies gather to display products and ideas in areas such as the Internet of Things, 3-D printing, robotics and wearable devices.
© REUTERS/ Rebecca Cook General Motors Completes First Mass Test Fleet of Self-Driving Vehicles
With the inexorable growth of international cooperation, insiders say the auto industry faces significant changes. On May 31, German technology company Continental signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Baidu, with the goal of establishing a comprehensive strategic cooperation in the areas of automated driving, connected vehicles and intelligent mobility services.
Elmar Degenhart, Continental's chief executive, said collaboration with Baidu would enable their company to work on core technologies like batteries, machinery and electronic controls.
On June 1, German auto supplier Bosch announced a plan to team up with Baidu to strengthen cooperation on intelligent transportation. Dirk Hoheisel, a member of Bosch's management board, said the two companies will make full use of their technologies and experience in order to promote smart mobility.
On the same day, China's Beijing Automotive Group (BAIC Group) and Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group (JAC Motor) signed a cooperative agreement with Daimler AG and Volkswagen AG. Volkswagen AG and JAC Motor announced that they will set up a joint venture to produce electric vehicles. Xu Heyi, chairperson of BAIC, said the partnership would combine the strategies of "Made in China 2025" and German Industrie 4.0.
This article was originally published in the Global Times.
The task group will investigate the explosion that rocked Hilongos town in Leyte province on December 28, injuring 32 individuals
TACLOBAN CITY, Philippines – Officials of the Philippine National Police (PNP) in Eastern Visayas have created Special Investigation Task Group (SITG) Hilongos, following the explosion that rocked Hilongos town in Leyte on December 28, injuring 32 individuals.
The task group is composed of PNP Regional Director in Eastern Visayas PCSupt Elmer Beltejar as the supervisor, PSSupt Allan Cuevillas as SITG Commander, and PSSupt Franco Simborio as assistant commander. Also included as members are the following police officials:
Chief Inspector Bella Rentuaya
PSupt Jojie Tabios
PSSupt Arcadio Janor Jr
PSupt Dominador Matalang
PSupt Mario Abrenzosa
PSupt Jose Melvin Tamaca
Chief Inspector Alberto Renomeron Jr
PSupt Carlo Centinaje
SPO2 Angleo Del Pilar
SPO4 Fortunato Colibao.
Lawyer Jerry Abiera, Regional Director of the National Bureau of Investigation in Region 8, and Captain Jay Dayap of the 802nd Brigade were also requested to assist Police Regional Office 8 in the investigation of the incident.
According to Beltejar, the task group was created to spearhead and coordinate the investigative efforts of the police for the speedy resolution and successful prosecution on the explosion incident that occurred in Hilongos, Leyte.
"It is the responsibility of the SITG to properly manage the case and ensure its resolution by applying the best investigative techniques and utilizing all its available resources," they said.
The PNP also encouraged the public to immediately report suspicious people and items, and to help provide information that will lead to the identification and arrest of suspects. – Rappler.com
Having a blue Christmas is a good thing in this neighborhood.
Trading Spaces‘ Carter Oosterhouse is kicking off a new season of ABC's The Great Christmas Light Fight with a home that's completely over the top and lacking a single red or green bulb.
RELATED: Inside Amy Smart and Carter Oosterhouse's Un-Hollywood Life in Michigan with Daughter, Flora
The Bachelor family of Cedar Hill, Texas, transformed their ranch-style house with thousands of blue and white lights to fit their theme, wrapping trees, highlight hedges, and creating scenes filled with reindeer and christmas trees.
The Great Christmas Light Fight/ABC
“This is the bluest Christmas I have ever seen. I've never seen so many blue lights in my life, Oosterhouse exclaims as Elvis's “Blue Christmas” blares from speakers in the glowing yard.
A few tiny red touches do sneak into the design in the form of a a Santa donning their traditional suit, but rock n' rolling to the retro soundtrack.
The display continues around the home and throughout the backyard where blue lights frame out a swimming pool lit up in, yes, more blue. The garden is transformed into a magical Arctic village including the North Pole Inn (a dressed up tool shed), a train, a workshop, resident elves, snowmen and carolers.
Elsewhere, visitors will find a traditional manger scene and Santa driving a sports car.
RELATED: These Streets Have the Most Over-the-Top Holiday Lights in America
“Using one color palette in any design is really tricky,” says Oosterhouse. “The Bachelors they did it, and it was absolutely blue-tiful.”
The Great Christmas Light Fight‘s first ever neighbors vs. neighbors battle of the bulbs, airs Monday night at 8pm on ABC.
ON Sunday, in their hometown of Toowoomba, Lyle Shelton is expected to announce they are joining Cory Bernardi's Australian Conservatives party to run for the Senate.
It's a big gamble to quit their job as managing director of the Australian Christian Lobby, where they led the No campaign's fight last year against same-sex marriage, and to move their family from Canberra to One Nation's stronghold of Queensland. But what a coup for the Australian Conservatives. They are lucky to have him.
Shelton is the most persuasive advocate of social conservatism in Australia, and the most potent foe of the new authoritarianism of identity politics. Without their conviction and forceful eloquence, the No campaign could not have achieved a 40 per cent vote.
They say it was during that campaign that they “felt very much drawn to the … partisan side of politics [and] decided to make a big step and move back to my home state of Queensland. Politics needs Christian influence from the inside”.
Having weathered foul personal abuse, physical threats and the bombing of their office in Canberra, Shelton will be the most battle-hardened politician in Canberra. Nothing the Greens or Labor throw at them could compare.
“I'm not leaving the battle for the values you and I hold dear,” they said in a video released yesterday announcing their successor at ACL, their 29-year-old chief of staff, Martyn Iles. “[I am] just going to a different part of the battlefield”.
Camera Icon Lyle Shelton. (Pic: Peter Ristevski) Picture: News Corp Australia Camera Icon South Australian Senator Lucy Gichuhi. (Pic: David Mariuz/AAP) Picture: AAP
At 48, Shelton has wisdom and the energy for a new battle. Their challenge will be not only to beat One Nation but to persuade disillusioned LNP voters that their new party is a “constructive alternative” rather than just another party of protest which will help Labor into office.
The father of four children, aged 16 to 20, Shelton, the son of a Pentecostal pastor, grew up in the Garden City, attended Toowoomba Christian College, studied journalism at the University of Southern Queensland and served six years on Toowoomba city council, before joining ACL a decade ago and serving as managing director since 2013.
Along with the bombshell defection to the Liberal party on Friday of devout Christian and former Family First Senator Lucy Gichuhi, Shelton's career move signals a shift in the political landscape towards social conservatism. It is an inevitable response to the radical social change being imposed by far left extremists.
No longer can Christian politicians be regarded as fringe-dwellers. Whether you are religious or not, Western civilisation has its roots in Christian values, and an assault on one is an assault on both. Without such a framework, you are literally blind the dangers of identity politics, Marxism's new guise.
Unlike most politicians, Shelton's eyes are wide open.
Tauranga: An elated India U-19 head coach Rahul Dravid hopes that their World Cup-winning wards will have many such lasting memories in the future, adding that the support staff had helped them make the title triumph possible.
"I am really proud of the boys and the effort they put in.
"Proud of the effort they put in and couldn't be happier for them. Hopefully it's a memory they cherish for a long, long time, but hopefully not the lasting memory and they have many more great moments and bigger things in future," the batting legend said after India outclassed Australia to win their fourth U-19 World Cup.
"I don't want to mention names, but everyone in the support staff has put in a great effort. We do the best for the kids," Dravid added as the boys in blue celebrated loudly behind him. Electing to bat first, Australia were dismissed for 216 runs in 47.2 overs. Ishan Porel, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy picked up two wickets each for India. Opener Manjot Kalra then spearheaded the Indian run chase with an unbeaten century as the Boys in Blue romped to victory with 67 balls to spare. Kalra remained unbeaten on 101 runs off 102 deliveries while Harvik Desai was not out on 47 at the other end. "All credit to our support staff, they've really been supporting us for the last two years. And full credit to the guys as well. Rahul sir is a legend," India skipper Prithvi Shaw said at the presentation ceremony. "It was the final, a very crucial hundred from Manjot. Gill was batting really well. And the two pacers, Mavi and Kamlesh, who've been excellent throughout the tournament. Thanks for all the support from India. Great memories here. We're looking forward to going back," they added. Player of tournament Shubman Gill, who amassed 372 runs in six matches, including a hundred in the semi-final against Pakistan, said coach Dravid always told them to play along the ground and that worked.  They are also hoping to do well in the Indian Premier League where they will play for Kolkata Knight Riders who bought them for Rs 1.8 crore. "I'm really proud of my team. We were fortunate enough to have Rahul as coach," Gill said. "He was always telling me to express myself and play along the ground as much as possible. It was a good experience for all of us. It's been pretty exciting. I hope I'll do well in the IPL as well."
CamelBak Floral Water Bottle
CamelBak Blue Lightning Bottle
Pogo Tritan Kids Water Bottle
Other Deals At Target
Editor's note: All deals and coupons were valid at the time this story was published. If you're reading this after they've expired, check our Facebook page or the deals section of our website for more ways to save! Between missing lids and bottles that get left in the car, I swear I'm always searching for water bottles. Luckily, Target is making it easy to stock up with a sale on CamelBak water bottles . If you've got kiddos going back to school this month, this would be a great time to grab a few back-up water bottles—you know how those things get left inside gym bags for weeks at a time. They've also got Pogo and Zulu water bottles on sale , too. Target doesn't say when this sale ends, but we're guessing these will get snapped up pretty quickly so it's best to act fact. It's also not clear whether you'll find these same deals in your local Target, so it's best to call ahead and ask. We found these dealsand you can get free shipping from Target on orders over $35.This CamelBak 20-ounce pink floral water bottle is marked down to just $10 right now (regularly $13.99).And if pink floral isn't your kid's style, check out this 20-ounce blue lightning water bottle , also on sale for $10.This Pogo Tritan kids water bottl e is on sale for $6.29.As always, Target has some other great deals going on now. This week, select women's shoes are buy one, gets one 50 percent . If you've been wanting to try out some of the latest trends (without breaking the bank), now's your chance! They're also having a sale on graphing calculators , so if you've got a high schooler or college student, you might want to check them out. Happy deal hunting!
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
AMD's Boyuan Zhang has sent out an initial set of 18 patches adding JPEG handling to the AMDGPU kernel driver for VCN "Video Core Next" as the new media encode/decode block found with Raven Ridge APUs for media decode/encode.The 18 patches are out there with setting up AMDGPU for VCN JPEG ring handling. As of writing there hasn't been any (M)JPEG patches on the Mesa side, but that might be squared away already with the existing Gallium3D state trackers, but we'll see.Though most of you don't care about JPEG capabilities, VCN 1.0's most notable addition with Raven Ridge was full hardware decoding for VP9. AMD has been getting their VCN Linux support in good shape for over a year now and it's mostly all squared away for Raven Ridge, albeit we keep seeing new occasional feature patches out of AMD for extending this open-source support.As covered earlier this month, the AMD Raven Ridge Linux support is mostly in good shape now with the latest driver components though some systems may be problematic as illustrated. There is much more commentary about the Raven Ridge Linux support state via the comments in the forums
David P. Goldman, economist, author, and Asia Times columnist whose pen name is “Spengler,” talked to Breitbart News Tonight co-hosts Rebecca Mansour and Joel Pollak Thursday, warning of threats to America's global position via China's ascendance in science and technology.
Goldman described China's One Belt One Road project as placing the one-party state at the center of an increasingly prosperous economic region that is becoming more unified through digital and physical means. China's increasing centrality to emerging Asian economies, they continued, may facilitate its rise to global economic preeminence.
“Quietly, the rest of Asia, particularly Japan, is signing on to this Chinese [One Belt One Road] program, which is a trillion dollar budget to put in broadband, high-speed rail, all kinds of other infrastructure throughout Asia,” explained Goldman. “Like anything the Chinese do, it's going to have mixed results. They're not supermen. They make a lot of mistakes, but one of the most remarkable things that's happening is that broadband and electronic commerce — the Chinese answer to Amazon, Alibaba, Jack Ma's firm — is doing things which are transforming life in what used to be developing countries and bringing a couple of billion people into the modern world in a single generation, and it will have stunning economic effects and catapult China into, possibly, the leading position in the world economy. It's an enormous challenge to us.”
Goldman provided examples of China's ascendance in science and technology relative to the U.S.
“What I'm concerned about is the fact that China is testing a railgun mounted on a navy ship before the United States is and that China has the biggest quantum computing facility in the world about to open,” said Goldman. “It probably has more advanced research in quantum communications than we have, and they're graduating twice as many doctorates in STEM fields than we are. That's what really frightens me.”
Goldman contrasted the status of airport and railway infrastructure between the U.S. and China. “Just stepping off a plane in Asia where all the airports are new, all the trains are fast, and all the escalators work; you get into JFK airport, it's like going into a third world country. The people movers are busted. The escalators are busted. This morning I got to work on the brand-new second avenue subway stop, which is the most expensive stretch of subway track in history; the escalator is broken. It's frightening.”
Goldman recommended a Reagan-style strategy — via state funding of research and development — to maintain America's global scientific and technological edge.
“Back in the Reagan administration … the United States spent about one percent to one and a quarter percent of GDP on basic fundamental scientific research,” recalled Goldman. “That's the military stuff. Now, it's about half that level. The one thing we're better at doing than the Chinese is innovating. No question, we're better. It doesn't mean the Chinese can't do it. It's just that's our advantage. It's a tortoise and hare situation. If we throw resources into the frontiers of science and figure out how to knock missiles out of the sky, how to do quantum computing, how to trace Mr. Putin's underwater drones with nuclear tips in the ocean — really tough problems and crack the — we'll create new industries that nobody has dreamed of, and we'll leapfrog the Chinese the way we leapfrogged the Russian empire during the 1980s. I think that's the key to it.”
Goldman assessed China's news scientific and technological developments as a greater threat to America's global status than Chinese theft of American intellectual property.
[The Chinese] are developing a lot of their own science and technology themselves now,” stated Goldman. “A dozen years ago, Huawei … the single biggest telecom equipment producer in the world; they were caught with code from Cisco, which literally had the bugs in it. They basically stole the whole thing. Now Huawei spends as much on R&D as Microsoft or Google. They have bankrupted their competitors and hired all their engineers. Their biggest R&D centers aren't in China; they're in Ireland and Italy. I'm much more worried about what they're doing going forward developing new stuff that we may not have than the old stuff that is stolen.”
Mansour recounted Herb London's description of Silicon Valley's focus on social media services while China focuses on growing dominance in STEM fields.
“We're geeks in a new Roman Empire,” Goldman lamented.
Goldman framed China's modern instruments of social control as Orwellian tools that Joseph Stalin would have admired.
“This is stuff Stalin couldn't have imagined,” Goldman considered. “In China, they know where your smartphone is all the time, and they cross-check that against facial recognition cameras that they have every couple of hundred yards in cities. They check it against all of your social media postings, your online purchases. They have a database running in real time knowing where everybody is and what everybody is doing that Stalin couldn't have imagined.”
Goldman lamented what they described as the unlikelihood of political liberalization in China.
“From the standpoint of delivering improvements in the basic conditions of life, the Chinese Communist party has done a pretty good job,” deduced Goldman. “And as long as it can continue to do so, the near-term prospects of regime change in China are about zero. I'm sorry to say that. I wish there was a way to change that, but I don't think it's a realistic assessment to say we can do something to make the Chinese government better than it is or do something that it doesn't want to do.”
“I think we should be very scared about China, but the question is, realistically, ‘What can we do to counter them?'” pondered Goldman. “We don't want to throw them into chaos. That would mean war and depression and all kinds of terrible things. We want China to be secure but a lot weaker than we are, and I think that means doing what the Reagan administration did: going for breakthroughs in military technology that will establish American superiority in a way that nobody can doubt. That's exactly what we haven't done. Since the end of the Cold War, we've gotten lazy. We cut federal R&D. The great national labs are shadows of themselves. Big corporations like RCA and GE and IBM used to have big corporate labs that got funding from the Defense Department and built all this stuff that won the Cold War. They're gone.”
Breitbart News Tonight airs Monday through Friday on SiriusXM's Patriot channel 125 from 9:00 p.m. to midnight Eastern (6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. Pacific).
LISTEN:
Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter @rkraychik.
(Adds company news, futures)
April 28 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 1 point at 7,238 on Friday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 0.10 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* HASTINGS: British insurer Hastings Group Plc reported on Friday a 26 percent rise in first-quarter gross written premiums, boosted by a growth in the number of policies and higher premiums.
* JUST EAT: Online food delivery company Just Eat Plc said on Friday that Executive Chairman John Hughes had taken a leave of absence to undergo treatment for a medical condition.
* LLOYDS: The British government has reduced its holding in Lloyds Banking Group PLC to less than 1 percent, putting the lender on track to be in full private ownership within weeks.
* BARCLAYS: Barclays reported its first quarter profit more than doubled on Friday, driven by lower losses in its non-core unit even as the British bank booked a one-off charge on its Africa business.
* BREXIT: As Britain prepares to negotiate its EU departure, a number of banks are likely to decide within two months where to set up new continental bases to make sure they can keep serving clients in the bloc after Brexit.
* BARCLAYS: British bank Barclays Plc faces shareholder revolt over whistleblower inquiry after a corporate governance firm advised shareholders not to back their re-election to the board, The Times reported on Friday. (bit.ly/2qdvJ63)
* BP: BP Plc was restoring production on Thursday afternoon at two crude distillation units at its 413,500 barrels per day (bpd) Whiting, Indiana, refinery after performing work on an electrical power substation, said sources familiar with plant operations.
* OLD MUTUAL: Britain's Old Mutual Plc said it would sell its 26 percent stake in Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance Ltd to Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd KTKM.NS for about 12.93 billion rupees ($201.7 million).
* MARKS: British retailer Marks & Spencer is to trial an online grocery shopping service this year, it said on Thursday, conceding it could no longer ignore the fastest growing segment of the market.
* ROYAL BANK: Royal Bank of Scotland has reached an out-of-court settlement with another batch of shareholders who alleged they were misled during a 12 billion-pound ($15.5 billion) cash call in 2008, the state-owned bank said on Thursday.
* BHP: BHP Billiton, is advancing with the sale of its small Cerro Colorado copper mine in Chile and there are a number of interested parties, although finalizing the deal will likely take some months, the mine's union said on Thursday.
* GOLD: Gold was little changed on Friday and poised for the biggest weekly fall in seven weeks as investors sought out higher returns than those from holding the non-interest bearing yellow metal by buying into riskier assets.
* OIL: Oil prices stabilised on Friday but were on track for a second straight weekly loss on concerns that an OPEC-led production cut has failed to significantly tighten an oversupplied market.
* The UK blue chip index closed down 0.7 percent at 7,237.17 points on Thursday, snapping a three-day winning streak as miners and ex-dividends weighed.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Harish Bhaskar)
A A
WASHINGTON — Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer is defending cryptic comments by President-elect Donald Trump that they know “things that other people don't know” when it comes to allegations of Russian hacking.
Spicer tells Fox News Channel's “Fox & Friends” that Trump is getting national security briefings “on a daily basis” and “there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence” Russians were behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election.
Spicer also dismissed on Monday a report released by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia, calling it a “how-to” manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats.
In an interview on NBC's “Today Show,” Spicer said President Barack Obama only punished Russia after Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the election and that the recent sanctions were politically motivated.
A gunman opened fire on Wednesday at Republican lawmakers' baseball practice before the annual congressional game, injuring five people, including one member of Congress, and casting a shadow over one of the most bipartisan events in Washington.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA), a staffer in Rep. Roger Williams' (R-TX) office, a lobbyist and two Capitol police officers were injured in the shooting. Here's what we know about them so far.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA)
Scalise was shot in the hip and transported to MedStar Washington Hospital Center. Their condition was not clear. Scalise's office announced Wednesday morning that they were “in good spirits” and “stable condition.”
The hospital tweeted in the afternoon, however, that Scalise “was critically injured and remains in critical condition.”
We're treating 2 patients from the Alexandria, Va., incident, including Congressman Scalise. Their conditions not available at this time. — MedStar Washington (@MedStarWHC) June 14, 2017
Rep. Scalise was critically injured and remains in critical condition. The other patient is in good condition. — MedStar Washington (@MedStarWHC) June 14, 2017
Scalise played baseball in high school, the New York Times reported, and is a “fixture” at congressional baseball practices.
“Steve loves and passionately looks forward to that congressional baseball game,” Jason Hebert, a Republican consultant who worked with the majority whip, told the New York Times. “He has a real love for baseball. This was a real big source of pride and enjoyment for him.”
Congressional staffer Zack Barth
Barth, a legislative correspondent in Rep. Roger Williams' (R-TX) office, said in a Facebook post that they were shot but is “in the hospital and okay.”
Zachary Barth, a staffer for GOP Rep. Roger Williams of TX, posted on FB that they were shot but is "okay." Gave permission to post thru friend pic.twitter.com/ruUuNrtqn6 — Jon Ward (@jonward11) June 14, 2017
Williams confirmed Wednesday morning that Barth was shot “but is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery.”
I now can confirm that Zack Barth, who is a legislative correspondent in my office, was shot this morning at baseball practice — Rep. Roger Williams (@RepRWilliams) June 14, 2017
We ask that you please respect the privacy of them and their family during this difficult time. — Rep. Roger Williams (@RepRWilliams) June 14, 2017
Barth previously worked on Jeb Bush's 2016 presidential campaign.
My prayers are with Zach and everyone hurt in this morning's shooting. Hats off to the U.S. Capitol Police for their heroic response. https://t.co/wk9BFizFvj — Jeb Bush (@JebBush) June 14, 2017
Tyson Foods lobbyist Matt Mika
Tyson spokesperson Gary Mickelson confirmed on Wednesday that Mika was injured in the shooting and transported to a local hospital.
“We're awaiting word on their condition,” Mickelson said in a statement.
JUST IN: @TysonFoods confirms its chief lobbyist is one of the #AlexandriaShoothing victims. "We're deeply concerned about him." @ABC7News pic.twitter.com/ht3t1KOD5Y — Kevin Lewis (@ABC7Kevin) June 14, 2017
Mika's family said in a statement that they “was shot multiple times.”
“Baseball is one of their great passions,” the statement read. “He has always loved the Congressional team.”
JUST IN: Family of Matt Mika, injured during VA shooting, says they are currently in surgery and in critical condition. https://t.co/EL0Ycs0DTf pic.twitter.com/T6wRzhrsRf — ABC News (@ABC) June 14, 2017
Capitol police officers David Bailey and Crystal Griner
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) on Wednesday identified the two Capitol police officers injured while responding to the shooting and said they expressed “profound gratitude” to Bailey and Griner.
“One was being treated and one was about to go into surgery,” Ryan said, but did not further specify their conditions.
Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa told reporters that both were “in good condition and have not suffered any life-threatening injuries at this point.”
Bailey worked as a Capitol police officer for nine years, according to their LinkedIn page, and previously worked for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
President Donald Trump thanked both officers for their “heroic actions.”
“Our brave Capitol police perform a challenging job with incredible skill,” Trump said, speaking from the White House after the shooting. “Their sacrifice makes democracy possible.”
HONOLULU (AP) - The Hawaii Board of Education has adopted the national Computer Science Teachers Association's K-12 Computer Science Standards, joining a growing national movement.
The Star-Advertiser reported Tuesday that the board, Legislature and the University of Hawaii have taken action to increase computer science programs in schools in response to positive feedback by students. Legislators on May 1 passed a bill that provides $500,000 for teacher training in computer science and mandates every public high school to offer the subject by 2021.
The University of Hawaii at Manoa landed a three-year National Science Foundation grant worth nearly $1 million to train public school teachers to teach courses in computer science principles. The first cohort of teachers will be trained this summer.
Information from: Honolulu Star-Advertiser, http://www.staradvertiser.com
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Dec 10 (Reuters) - BAHRAIN KUWAIT INSURANCE CO:
* BOARD PROPOSES PAID-UP CAPITAL INCREASE TO 14.3 MILLION DINARS FROM 7.2 MILLION DINARS THROUGH BONUS SHARE ISSUE‍​
* BOARD PROPOSES AUTHORIZED CAPITAL INCREASE TO 20 MILLION DINARS FROM 10 MILLION DINARS Source: (bit.ly/2yVzsJ1) Further company coverage: )
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)The United States seeks stronger bilateral relations with other countries, in particular, Japan, US Vice President Mike Pence said Tuesday, hinting that a US-Japan bilateral free trade pact was not ruled out.
"Under President [Donald] Trump's leadership, the United States seeks stronger and more balanced bilateral trade relationships with every country, including Japan. We seek trade that is free. We seek trade that is fair," Pence was quoted as saying by the Japan Times newspaper.
Pence added that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), signed by 12 Pacific countries, was "a thing in the past."
Earlier in the day, Pence held talks with Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso during which the two officials agreed on seeking draft bilateral trade rules in coming talks.
In February, Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agreed a plan to expand the economic relationship between the countries based on policies of free and fair trade.
The leaders agreed to use the three-pronged approach of mutually-reinforcing fiscal, monetary and structural policies to ramp up domestic and global economic demand.
On January 23, 2017, Trump signed an executive order withdrawing the United States from the TPP and therefore putting the future of the project into question. The deal would have removed trade barriers among its signatories, which together account for 40 percent of the world's economy.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
U.S. President Donald Trump says the trade relationship with Canada will only be "tweaked." The trouble is a little tweak in America can be a powerful thump in Canada.
The pleasure-pain imbalance is so severe that sometimes the Americans don't even realize it hurts.
The statistics prove it. Only 18 per cent of America's foreign trade comes to Canada. Fully 76 per cent of Canada's goes to the U.S.
So, it's best not to get too euphoric over Monday's White House meeting between Trump and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Genuinely encouraging as it was, real problems lie behind the friendly language.
Interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose pointed out the Americans have major grievances with our beef imports and supply management in several areas of agriculture. There's also softwood lumber (that old thing).
Ambrose worries that Trump's aggressive deregulation and low-tax policy could make Canada uncompetitive. In that case, we could lose even if trade rules are untouched.
But they also had a kind word for Trudeau: "I've been on the record about some of the things Donald Trump has said about women."
"But this is a delicate situation here. I don't think it's going to help anyone in this country if the prime minister went to Washington and started a fight with the president."
Trudeau certainly didn't. Their diplomatic performance, I thought, was masterful.
They didn't fawn over Trump, reach for their hand, look for an Obama style back-slap. The PM gave Trump no chance to offer a dismissive gesture. They kept a dignified emotional distance without being disrespectful.
Trudeau did a lot better, on balance, than British Prime Minister Theresa May, who almost started an uprising at home by casually inviting Trump for a visit.
Patrick Gossage, who was Pierre Trudeau's press secretary in the 1970s and 1980s, said, "(Justin) Trudeau's far too smart to have raised anything that would have annoyed Trump."
"He's well brought-up -- unlike their father, who would raise things with (Ronald) Reagan from time to time that Reagan did not like at all," Gossage told the CBC.
Reagan, who served as president from 1981 to 1989, once said after Trudeau urged them to press detente with Eastern Europe: "Damn it, Pierre, what do you want me to do?"
Trudeau needled earlier President Richard Nixon so artfully Nixon called him, in tapes released later, a "son of a bitch" and an "asshole." Trudeau rejoined: "I've been called worse things by better people."
NAFTA did not yet exist then. Now, trade is so vital that Justin Trudeau's key goal must be to protect it.
Both leaders made a great deal of the special relationship. If anything, Trump was more gracious than Trudeau. The president had no complaints about border security, trade irritants, or Canadian attitudes toward their many pronouncements.
They said to Trudeau, "On behalf of our country, it's an honour to be with you." At a joint press conference they called Canada "our great friend, neighbour and ally."
An event with female leaders, including TransAlta CEO Dawn Farrell, coincided with the announcement of a United States-Canada Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders.
The four-page communique summing up the day is a symphony of mutual support on trade, energy, border security, international alliances (including NATO and NORAD), the fight against ISIS and much more.
Most promising of all was the civil, respectful, bluster-free greeting Trump extended to both Trudeau and Canada.
May these blessings endure.
dbraid@postmedia.com
April 18, 2017
by Joe McDonald, The Associated Press
SHANGHAI—Volkswagen, Europe's biggest automaker, plans to launch its first pure-electric car in China next year as Beijing steps up pressure on the industry to promote alternatives to gasoline.
The announcement comes on the eve of the Shanghai auto show, which showcases industry efforts to create electric models with consumer appeal. General Motors Co.'s Buick unit and Ford Motor Co. also have announced new electric vehicles for China this year.
The VW model will be the first in a range of electric vehicles in China, said Jochem Heizmann, head of VW's China unit. It is due to be produced under a new brand name with a local partner, state-owned Jianghuai Automotive Corp.
“This will be a new co-operation on pure battery cars,” said Heizmann. “Our challenging target is to come, already next year in 2018, to the market with the first car.”
China has the world's most aggressive electric car goals. Communist leaders are promoting them to clean up smog-choked cities and in hopes of taking the lead in an emerging technology.
Regulators have jolted the industry with a proposal to require electrics to account for at least eight per cent of each brand's production by next year.
At the auto show, the global industry's biggest marketing event of the year, almost every global and Chinese auto brand is showing at least one electric concept vehicle, if not a market-ready model.
Heizmann said VW, which vies with GM for the title of China's top-selling automaker, expects annual sales of at least 400,000 “new energy vehicles”—the government's term for electric or gasoline-electric hybrids—by 2020 and 1.5 million by 2025.
The plan to create a new brand for the VW-Jianghuai partnership follows an approach taken by Mercedes-Benz, GM and Nissan Motor Co. Foreign brands are under pressure from Chinese regulators to help local partners create indigenous brands.
Despite government subsidies and other encouragement, electric cars have yet to catch on with China's driving public due to concern about their limited range. Most Chinese automakers sell plug-in battery models but their range is usually no more than 120 to 150 kilometres—too little to attract most buyers.
Sales of electric and gasoline-electric hybrids fell 4.4 per cent from a year earlier to 55,929 vehicles while sales of SUVs rose 21 per cent to 2.4 million.
Heizmann said the industry needs to find a way to create electric models that appeal to consumers. They said VW was trying to do that by developing vehicles for different market segments.
“You have to achieve cars which are competitive,” they said.
To encourage foreign automakers to help develop China's electric vehicle industry, regulators have allowed them to form additional joint ventures with local partners on top of the two that are allowed for traditional gasoline-powered vehicles.
That allowed Volkswagen to create its partnership with Jianghuai alongside ventures with two other state-owned automakers.
Heizmann said foreign manufacturers also are no longer required to hand over electric technology to Chinese partners. They said VW's venture with Jianghuai involves jointly developing the product.
“We will be fast. We will use their technology. We will put in some of our own technology and experience,” they said.
Heizmann said Volkswagen's luxury unit, Audi, is coming to market with a plug-in electric version of its A6 sedan that can go 50 kilometres (35 miles) on one charge.
In its next stage of development, VW plans to produce a version of its Golf for China with a 300 kilometre (185 mile) range, Heizmann said. They said plans then call for vehicles designed from scratch for pure-electric propulsion with a range of 500 kilometres (300 miles) or more.
Beijing also is steadily tightening fuel efficiency and emissions standards, which Heizmann said are on track to become the world's most stringent. They said that will narrow the “cost gap” between electrics and gasoline by requiring more expensive technology for internal combustion while batteries should get cheaper.
At the same time, Heizmann said Volkswagen and its Audi and Skoda brands also are aggressively promoting SUVs. They said the brands plan to roll out a total of 10 new locally produced SUVs over the next two years.
The sight of a massive deep diamond mine located in Siberian reaches captivated the minds of social media users.
A user BunyipPouch stole the spotlight on Reddit by posting an image of the Mir mine – an open pit diamond mine located in Siberia.
The image immediately sparked an intense discussion as viewers appreciated the mine's size and comparing it to locales from various works of fiction.
Some speculated about what may become of the mine in the future, wondering if it will turn into a "scary deep f**king lake" or gets converted into "a perfect dystopian prison."
Posted on May 29, the picture already accrued over 47,000 upvotes as people continue to discuss the image in a thread of over 2,000 comments long.
About The Author
A lifelong lover of soccer, the beautiful game, they served from January 2010 until May 2013 as the Director of Communications and Public Relations for the North American Soccer League (NASL). Raised on the Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the old NASL, Krishnaiyer previously hosted the American Soccer Show on the Champions Soccer Radio Network, the Major League Soccer Talk podcast and the EPL Talk Podcast. Their soccer writing has been featured by several media outlets including The Guardian and The Telegraph.  They are the author of the book Blue With Envy about Manchester City FC.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — RT television channel's footage from the scene showed clouds of white smoke floating over the woodland near the arena as dozens of hooded youths protested the rally by the far-right contender.
The channel said demonstrators threw smoke bombs at police cordons protecting the venue, prompting them to fire tear gas at the crowds. There were no immediate reports of injuries.
Le Pen's campaign rally comes just six days before the French voters go to the polls to elect a new president. The National Front leader is running neck-and-neck with independent centrist Emmanuel Macron. They are both expected to make it into the runoff, slated for May 7.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. — Sean McVay will often take a few minutes to collect their thoughts before the Los Angeles Rams' next offensive possession, the first-year head coach sitting on the sideline and sequestering themselves to prepare to call plays for the top scoring offence in the NFL and second-best in yards per play.
The television cameras have taken notice of McVay's ritual, making those moments the image of the Rams' sudden turnaround from a coaching standpoint. However, offensive co-ordinator Matt LaFleur plays an equally important and overlooked role in the offence's success by making sure everything is ready for McVay on Sundays, especially communication.
"So thankful to have them here," McVay said Friday. "He's as responsible as anybody for the success our offence has had. In terms of organizing the game plans, being able to run the meetings, making sure that everything is in alignment on the same page, they do it all. Can't say enough about the contribution they have made to our team."
LaFleur joined the Rams after serving as quarterbacks coach for the Atlanta Falcons the past two seasons, a position they have also held at Notre Dame in 2014 and in Washington from 2010-13. McVay and LaFleur first worked together during those three seasons, developing a common understanding of offensive systems and philosophies that made LaFleur a natural choice to serve as McVay's top lieutenant on that side of the ball.
It is that shared language that allows LaFleur to convey McVay's ideas even if the head coach isn't in the room, backup quarterback Sean Mannion said. When they are together with quarterbacks coach Greg Olson, the offence truly flourishes.
"They are good at communicating in a way that it makes sense to everybody in the room. Just the fact they all have sat in our shoes at one point or another kind of helps them understand how best to communicate what they are thinking on a play to us cause, really, sometimes all it is is saying it a certain way and it hits our brain right," said Mannion, snapping their fingers to emphasize the last few words.
As a former college quarterback at Saginaw Valley State who reached the Division II playoffs in three straight seasons, it makes sense that LaFleur can easily explain concepts and provide explanations to young quarterbacks Jared Goff, Mannion and Brandon Allen. Although it wasn't in the NFL, LaFleur has practical game experience with whatever situations can happen on the field. That makes them a powerful voice in the room, Mannion said.
"I think that's great to be a quarterback with that type of coaching, where they really understand the way we see the game ands also have the ability to see it as the big picture for the whole offence," Mannion said. "It's huge."
Game day is when the conversations between LaFleur, McVay and the quarterbacks are the most urgent. Mannion is always listening in as McVay shares the play with Goff in the huddle, benefitting from what LaFleur sees up in the press box to inform their calls, and hears an extremely smooth relaying of information.
"One thing that's important to know about that it is worked on throughout the whole week," Mannion said. "It's not just a product of doing it well that one day."
× Fair deal gives unlimited access to rides, kids zone
SAN DIEGO – The San Diego County Fair is offering a new deal ride enthusiasts and kids won't want to miss.
Wednesday and Thursday are pay-one-price ride days at the Del Mar Fairgrounds. Fair attendees get unlimited access to the rides in the Fun Zone and Kids Zone with the specific wristband.
The wristband costs $38 and this deal is only available the first three Wednesdays and Thursdays of the fair.
Details for this deal can be found online.
Mumbai: In a massive blow to Maoists, 37 hardcore Naxals were killed since Sunday in Maharashtra's Gadchiroli district, police said on Tuesday.
Of the 37 bodies recovered so far, 16 have been identified, police said, adding that the identified Naxals carried a combined reward of Rs 1.06 crore, they said.
The operation was the result of coordination between C-60 commandos of the Maharashtra Police in hot pursuit of Naxals.
"In the operation by C-60 squad in the Kasanasur jungle area, 16 bodies of Naxals (9 male and 7 female) were recovered on April 22," a senior police official said.
"Due to heavy rains and paucity of manpower, search was stopped. Yesterday (Monday), an operation was launched to search for bodies in the Indravati river and 15 more bodies were recovered," the official said. Search for more bodies and weapons is underway, they said. "In another operation in the Kapewancha area of Rajaram Khandla post yesterday, six Naxals were killed and their bodies recovered. These include two men and four women," the official said. Due to the large number of Naxals killed, the developmental works in the Aheri and Sironcha tehsils, which were affected due to the Maoist menace, will get a boost, police said. Maharashtra Director General of Police Satish Mathur attributed the massive operation against Naxals to 'accurate and specific' intelligence, low morale of Naxals and divisions in their ranks.
Kwahu came alive at the weekend with the 2017 edition of the National Paragliding Festival, attracting hundreds of tourists, who thronged Atibie to enjoy the open skies.
The three-day event took place at Odweanoma Mountain at Atibie, Kwahu, in the Eastern Region as part of the Easter festivities.
Taking strides carefully whiles struggling to keep balance, each paraglider advanced steadily into the sky as the excited crowd cheered on.
Some brave enough took the bold step to glide alone and others, perhaps amateurs, flew up with the support of the pilots.
It was an exciting experience for all, particularly persons who had the opportunity to paraglide on the Odweanoma Mountain at Atibie.
Several Ghanaians and tourists visited the mountain to enjoy the view or participate in the paragliding exercise from its opening on Friday to closing yesterday.
Other activities to mark the National Paragliding Festival included hiking and biking.
The Minister of Tourism, Culture and Creative Arts, Catherine Afeku, at the opening ceremony, disclosed that Ghana will soon have a paragliding school to train local paragliding pilots.
They said Ghana was in talks with pilots from the USA who have agreed to train some Ghanaians.
“We are in talks to establish the pilot training school to help nurture indigenous people; you know there are a lot of Ghanaians interested in learning so we have spoken to the pilots from the USA who have agreed to train our local people. Three of the pilots have their own schools in the USA so it won't be difficult,” they said.
They added: “our youth who will have the chance to be trained in this programme will also be employed and this will reduce the unemployment rate in the country. We tend to have a lot of foreign nationals who visit the country day in day out, and not only during Easter, so this will also boost the tourism sector and bring foreign exchange”.
“The establishment of the school will be a thing Ghanaians especially people of Kwahu will forever be grateful for and this will be one of President Nana Addo's legacies,” they said.
Mrs Afeku was accompanied by the Eastern Regional Minister, Eric Kwakye Darfour, and the Minister for Gender, Children and Social Protection, Otiko Djaba.
The Ghana Tourism Authority recruited six international tandem pilots from the United States, Romania, and Japan to fly passengers at the festival.
The first Ghanaian solo pilot, Jonathan Quaye, flew effortlessly amidst cheers from hundreds of participants.
In a first-of-its kind academia-industry partnership, Asia's premier Film, Commmunication and Creative Arts institute, Whistling Woods International (WWI), has come together with Reliance Jio for a Development Lab dedicated for the Virtual Reality & Augmented Reality industry. The lab, named ‘Whistling Woods Jio VR Lab', will be set up at the Whistling Woods International campus in Filmcity, Mumbai. The Lab will commence operations in mid-May 2018.
The Lab will undertake several activities including building a state-of-the-art, always-current, technology pipeline for VR & AR workflows. The Lab will also play a meaningful role within the global VR community through its membership of the global VR Industry Forum and participation in global conclaves like NAB, IBC & CES. Further, the Lab will work with the Indian film & media industry in many ways including conducting monthly seminars & workshops for them as well as introducing new tech-workflows to the industry. The lab will undertake all these activities in a structured manner to create a curriculum for Cinematic VR, which will be taught to all students of WWI, making them India's first generation of VR Filmmakers.
Speaking on the occasion, Jyotindra Thacker, President, Reliance Jio said that “We strongly believe VR will be the 4th content platform after Film, TV & Digital and this lab will create VR filmmakers who will kickstart India's VR content ecosystem. Reliance Jio, through its leadership in the digital & content ecosystem, will support VR content creation & distribution and make cutting-edge experience available for its customers.”
Speaking about the new collaboration, Meghna Ghai Puri, President, Whistling Woods International said, “It gives us immense pleasure to have Reliance Jio as our strategic partner in launching the Virtual Reality Lab at our campus. Whistling Woods International has always been in the forefront to embrace and introduce the latest technological & creative innovations in the Film, Media and Creative Arts domain and the Whistling Woods Jio VR Lab is yet another step in that direction. Today, WWI alumni are Film-ready, TV ready & Digital ready. Our goal is to make them VR ready as well. We see this as a first-step towards a larger engagement with Jio for future labs & content partnerships.”
About Whistling Woods International
Whistling Woods International is India's premier Film, Communication and Media Arts institute. Founded by one of India's leading filmmakers – Subhash Ghai, Whistling Woods International (WWI) is one of Asia's largest Media Arts institutes. ‘The Hollywood Reporter' has rated Whistling Woods International as one of the Ten Best Film Schools in the world in 2014, 2013 & 2010. WWI offers courses that vary in duration from 1 year to 3 years catering to all major verticals of the Media & Entertainment industry, namely Acting, Animation, Cinematography, Direction, Editing, Music, Producing, Screenwriting, Sound, Visual Effects, Media Management, Fashion Design and Visual Communication Design. All the courses are accredited to the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS).
While Linux distributions are still migrating to Glibc 2.27 , in the two months since the release changes have continued building up for what will eventually become the GNU C Library 2.28.The Glibc 2.28 work queued thus far isn't nearly as exciting as all the performance optimizations and more introduced with Glibc 2.27, but it's a start. Most notable at this point for Glibc 2.28 is that it will now build and run cleanly on GNU/Hurd without requiring any out-of-tree patches. There has been a ton of Hurd-related commits to Glibc over the past month.Glibc 2.28 also no longer installs the libio.h header file, stdio functions now treat end-of-file as a sticky condition, and math.h has added functions that round their results to a narrower type. More details on the tentative changes so far for Glibc 2.28 can be found via the work-in-progress NEWS and via their Git repo in general.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the Tasnim news agency, apart from Sayyad-3 missiles, S-300 air defense systems, personnel carriers, missile defense systems, torpedoes and a wide range of other military equipment were showcased at the parade held on the occasion of the National Army Day.
The Sayyad-3 high-altitude missiles are part of the Talaash air defense system and are designed to track as many as 30 targets and intercept 12 of them simultaneously at the range of up to 150 kilometers (93 miles).
According to SUPO's recent estimates, the risk of a terrorist attack committed by a single person or a small group of people has increased in Finland. Furthermore, terrorists with ties to the world's largest jihadist organizations were reported to have increased their presence in Finland.
SUPO Communications Department head Jyri Rantala reminded the Finnish newspaper Talouselämä that almost 80 people had left Finland to join the jihadi cause in Syria, about 20 of whom have since returned to Scandinavia. According to Rantala, it remains extremely difficult to identify and arrest individual suspects, since, for instance Daesh (ISIL/ISIS) specifically called on its supporters to avoid conducting attacks which require a long period of preparation.
Accordingly, SUPO argued that the authorities should be given broader rights to gather information in order to be able to effectively parry the terrorist threat. Later this week, a panel of experts will publish a proposition to extend the surveillance powers of SUPO and the Armed Forces, the Finnish daily Helsingin Sanomat reported.
© AFP 2017/ Noella JOHANSSON / TT News Agency Stockholm Truck Attack Sheds Light Upon Threat Posed by Rejected Asylum Seekers
Owing to the severe threats to national security, SUPO could soon be able to open private letters and conduct secret home and workplace searches as part of intelligence gathering, which precedes criminal investigation, Helsingin Sanomat reported.
So far, the public discussion has been focused on whether either of the Finnish authorities could spy on citizens' internet traffic if it extends beyond Finland's cyber borders. At present, neither SUPO nor the Armed Forces are entitled to gather information in this way. Unlike several European nations, such as Germany and the Netherlands, which already allow their intelligence services to copy confidential information in clandestine operations, this practice has never been implemented in Finland, Helsingin Sanomat said.
"These various international models have been used as part of the operations of the civilian intelligence working group," an enigmatic Kauko Aaltomaa from the Interior Ministry said, as quoted by Helsingin Sanomat.
Furthermore, the recent terrorist attack in Stockholm significantly affected Finns' views on threats, a survey by the Finnish national broadcaster Yle and pollster Taloustutkimus showed.
Before the Stockholm attack, Finns were most afraid of an increase in the number of poor and disadvantaged people in Finnish society. After the truck attack, Finns are most afraid of random acts of violence and terrorist attacks.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Reserve is expected to hold interest rates steady at its meeting this week as it pauses to parse more economic data but may hint it is on track for an increase in June.
The central bank is scheduled to release its policy decision at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) on Wednesday at the conclusion of its two-day meeting. Fed Chair Janet Yellen is not due to hold a press conference.
Most policymakers have already made plain that in contrast to previous years, the Fed feels more confident in its forecast of two more rate increases this year.
"The bar to disrupting the Fed's plans is higher now than it was in previous years," said Michael Gapen, chief economist at Barclays in New York in a note to clients.
The Fed is in its first tightening cycle in more than a decade. A quarter percentage point increase last December was followed two meetings later by another hike in March.
Economists polled by Reuters see little chance of a move at this week's meeting. Investors next see an interest rate rise in June, according to Fed futures data compiled by the CME Group.
The rate-setting committee also is still waiting to see to what extent Trump administration policies on tax, spending and regulation will be able to get through Congress. A stimulus package could speed up the pace of hikes.
LIKELY TO DOWNPLAY WEAKNESS
Since the last meeting economic data has been mixed. The economy grew at a sluggish 0.7 percent annual pace in the first quarter as consumer spending almost stalled.
However, a surge in business investment and the fastest wage growth in a decade suggest activity will regain momentum as the year progresses.
Jobs growth also slowed sharply in March but the unemployment rate dropped to a near 10-year low of 4.5 percent.
Economists have largely attributed the weak first-quarter reading to perennial issues with the calculation of growth during the January-March period and the pullback in hiring in March to weather effects.
"There won't be a lot of changes to the policy statement," said Sam Bullard, senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities. "I think they will downplay the soft first-quarter print and focus a little bit more on the labor market."
The Fed will have two more employment growth reports to hand before its next meeting.
Policymakers are also gearing up to announce sometime this year when and how the Fed will begin shrinking its $4.5 trillion balance sheet, according to minutes from the March meeting.
An announcement this week on a concrete timeline is not expected but there could be tweaks to language in the statement to show the matter is an increasing priority for the Fed.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
Dr. Robby Schlund: It was the first time in Russia and observed the election. It was very interesting to see a very good professional organization and we have seen the new electronic ballot boxes. It was very nice to see this very good technique and it was a very good impression for us.
Sputnik: Could you, please, tell me, what an observer's routine is? What does an election observer do?
Dr. Robby Schlund: At first, I would like to say it was very interesting, it was a very heavy poll and we had a lot to do. What we did – in the first, we from the AfD we think about the neutrality and it's that we had to look over transparency, regularity and the democracy of the election. That's the first step and then we had to control – we had to control the ballot boxes, we had to control that the figures were all good, and we had to speak with the workers there. What we have seen, it was very well organized and it was more regular and we have seen the lists how many people would like to come in the ward; it was very interesting. The other thing we also had a few in the next rooms because it's very interesting, they were all clear, no problems, only for tea or coffee and had a little bit to work for copies. It was a very good organization. In my opinion, it was a very transparent election and all the time we had the possibility to go to all wards and every time we had the possibility to have a look at every room. It was no problem, no problems with people saying it's not possible, you cannot go in this room or to this table, it was all possible, it was very good work together.
Sputnik: Were you able to talk to other observers? Did they share your impressions, your positive impressions?
Dr. Robby Schlund: Yes, it was possible. In our group we had one representative of the Parliament of Jordan and we have spoken about the differences of elections in Germany, in Russia and in Jordan. And it was a very favorable and interesting view about the Russian elections and, in our opinion, we say it was very transparent and it's not right the other media said it wasn't correct, because we had the possibility to go in all schools or in all buildings where the people gave their votes for the election.
Sputnik: More than 15 hundred foreign observers were accredited to monitor these elections in Russia and this points to the fact that this issue of transparency was taken by Russia very seriously. So, do you agree with this?
Dr. Robby Schlund: Yes, absolutely. We agree with this and our group, we said that it was very interesting to see, it's very transparent and we think that the electronic ballot boxes work very proper and without big problems and I think it's a good idea also to do it in Germany with these electronic boxes. It's a very good idea.
Sputnik: What is your impression of the atmosphere there; the voter turnout and the general atmosphere?
Dr. Robby Schlund: There was a very good atmosphere and outside there were possibilities to drink tea or coffee, for the children – a playground, it was a very good organization all the time.
Convicted coast physician Dr. Albert Diaz was back in court seeking to become a free man before their sentencing in May.
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
Looking for something to do in and around the Harrogate district from Thursday, June 15 to Wednesday, June 21?
Thursday, June 15
Harrogate
School Printmaking at the Royal Pump Room Museum. 10am-4pm. Until June 16.
Scapegoat Kelly at the Blues Bar.
Acoustic night at the St Robert's Social Club, Roberts Street. Open to all performers and non-performers. 8-10.30pm.
New term Tai Chi Qigong class at St Robert's Centre. 2-3.15pm. To enrol contact Lin Tippet on 07956 250040.
Christie's Bar Quiz, Harrogate, from 8.30pm. £1 entry.
Thursday karaoke from 9pm at Hales Bar, Harrogate.
Pete Shaw at the Manhattan Club, 8pm. Admission £6 but is free to new visitors. Free parking.
Reflections, Josh Woodrow retrospective at 108 Fine Art gallery, 16 Cold Bath Road. Until June 17.
Boston Spa
Catherine Rayner exhibition at The Barefoot Gallery. Until July 5.
Friday, June 16
Harrogate
Hoodoo at the Blues Bar.
Reggae night with Majesty at The Den, Cambridge Street.
Blues pianist/vocalist Dan Burnett (residency) at The Ivory, The Ginnel.
Bilton WMC - What the Funk, party band.
Big Girls Don't Cry - featuring the Eastcoast Boys at the Royal Hall, 7.30pm. Visit www.harrogatetheatre.co.uk.
Knaresborough
The Cross Keys, Cheapside - Call the Midwife Charity night. Fancy dress and disco, 7.30pm.
Soul Junction at The Mitre cellar bar with DJs John Lee, Ian Smith and Mike Lowcock playing soul, Northern Soul, r'nb and funk. 8pm-midnight.
Ripon
Aglow Ripon at The Wakeman's House Cafe, 9.15-11am. Coffee and cake. Speaker Gloria Sturdy.
Green hammerton
The Sound of Cinema III with Collavoce Choir at the Chapel of St Thomas, Green Hammerton 7.30pm. Tickets £10/£8.
Saturday, June 17
Harrogate
Swing to Victory 1940s Dance Night at St Wilfred's Hall, Duchy Road, 7.30-11pm. Tickets £12.50 on the door.
Bilton WMC - Detroit, Soul Motown trio.
The Jed Thomas Blues Band at the Blues Bar.
Acoustic night with Rob Reynolds at The Den.
Celebrating Generations - free event to celebrate Harrogate through the generations at Jennyfield Styan Community Centre, noon-3pm.
Knaresborough
Hidden Gardens of the Waterside in aid of Horticap. Open to public noon-4.30pm. Adults £4. Children free. Also Sunday.
The Cross Keys, Cheapside - Steph Baker, 9pm.
Harrogate and Knaresborough Amnesty Group Book Sale at the URC Church Hall, Knaresborough, 10am-2pm.
Birstwith
Magic Tree Nursery, Belmont Grosvenor School, Swarcliffe Hall 10th birthday party, 10.30am-12.30pm. Free event for fives and under - come and meet Peppa Pig, Marshall from Paw Patrol, Belle from Beauty and the Beast, and more.
Thorner
Covers duo Sounds Like Us at The Fox. 8pm.
Boston Spa
Jazz in the Spa presents Mart Rodger Manchester Jazz at the village hall.
Wetherby
Antiques and Collectors Fair. Wetherby Town Hall, every Saturday 9am-4pm. Free admission. Contact Dawn on 01937 582803.
Sunday, June 18
Harrogate
Friends Of Valley Gardens annual 1940s Day in Valley Gardens, 10.30am-5pm.
danSing for Shine 2017 at Harrogate Theatre, 7pm. Legends of comedy, Cannon and Ball, are to headline the evening of entertainment to benefit people with disability. Tickets available from www.harrogatetheatre.co.uk or the box office on 01423 502116.
Sunday Acoustic Session at the Hales Bar.
Bilton WMC - Gary Middleton, live in the lounge, 2-4pm.
Guided 50-minute tours inside the historic secrets of The Club, 36 Victoria Avenue. 11am, 2pm, 3pm. Book at 01423 502344.
Three live acts at the Blues Bar including The Travis Reilly Band (3pm), Two Tone Rust (6pm) and Rodina (9pm).
Martin Rose weekly acoustic session at The Regency.
Dan Burnett's Open Mic night at The Ivory (weekly). 8pm.
RHS Garden Harlow Carr Father's Day orienteering challenge.
Knaresborough
The Cross Keys, Cheapside - Teenage Kicks disco with David Crane - Punk and Mod.
Covers duo Sounds Like Us at So! Bar. 7pm.
Wetherby
Wetherby Bandstand summer concert at the Riverside Bandstand - Stannington Brass Band.
Pateley Bridge
Joe Longster Bandstand summer series of concert in the Recreation Ground - Ade Payne.
Long Marston
Long Marston open gardens, 11am-5pm. £5 a ticket for all 12 gardens with a map and garden description. Children free. Angram Road and Tockwith Road.
Monday, June 19
Harrogate
Rafi's Spicebox at Timberlake's - Pop-up Dining experience, 7pm.
Open Mic Night with Martin Rose at The Blues Bar.
Tuesday, June 20
Harrogate
Country music session (weekly) from 8pm at the Hales Bar, hosted by Ade and Rob with weekly special country guests.
Acoustic session at the Blues Bar.
Stray Sound Ladies barbershop choir at Starbeck Methodist Church. 7.30pm-9.30pm. Weekly. More information from Sue Lynch at suelynch443@gmail.com.
Royal Hall open day between 10am and 4pm. Free admittance. Guided tours at 11am and 2.30pm.
Harrogate and District Family History Society meeting at 7.30pm in St Paul's UR Church Hall, Belford Road. Visitors are welcome, cost £1.
Ripon
The St Charles Singers from Chicago, USA concert in Ripon Cathedral at 7.30pm.
Wednesday, June 21
Harrogate
Golem at Harrogate Theatre. Spectacular award-winning adventure tale with action, acting, music and animation. Runs until Saturday.
Harrogate Phoenix Players launch/introduction night for their next production ‘Made in Dagenham' at St Joseph's Church Hall, 281 Skipton Road.
The Paul Middleton Angst Band at the Blues Bar.
Matt Anderson's Acoustic Underground and guests at Retro bar, Commercial Street.
Ripon
Ripon Ramblers meeting at High Cleugh at 9.30am. Eight-mile walk on the Crimple Valley Trail via Spofforth. Contact the leader on 01765 606650 or 07704 643500) first to find out the nature of the walk.
Further Ahead
Harrogate
St John Fisher music department concert at Harrogate Theatre on June 29.
Boston Spa
Boston Spa Methodist Church - Showtunes singalong - 4 Shades Entente on Friday, June 23. Further details at bostonspamethodistchurch.org.uk.
Kirkby Overblow
Kirkby Overblow Summer Arts Festival. Wednesday, June 21 until Sunday, July 2.
SAN DIEGO – A plan to convert a South Bay motel into transitional housing for ex-convicts who committed low-level crimes was approved by the San Diego City Council Monday, despite opposition by residents of Nestor.
The former Super 8 Motel at 1788 Palm Ave. will house the San Diego Misdemeanants At-Risk Track program, known as SMART, which has proved successful on a small, pilot basis, according to city officials. Now they want to expand SMART citywide and contend the 61-room motel is the best place to start.
City Attorney Mara Elliott is a big supporter of SMART, which provides chronic former offenders with substance abuse treatment and other supportive services. At a hearing in July in which the council voted overwhelmingly to purchase the hotel for $11 million, Elliott said the program gives low-level offenders “a fighting chance” to break out of the cycle of incarceration.
The motel had a history of low occupancy and a high crime rate, Elliott said. Councilman Chris Ward cited a recent occupancy rate of 25 percent.
San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman said the justice system has a “revolving door” with chronic offenders going from arrest to court to the streets and over again.
“Our officers at the San Diego Police Department, they see these results every single day — these chronic offenders are very well-known to our police officers, often on a first-name basis,” Zimmerman said. “They are often our most vulnerable community members.”
They said officers see the need for a long term solution for such people that provides an alternative to incarceration, and can make offers for the program on the streets.
Cindy Gompper-Graves, president and CEO of the South County Economic Development Council, said the plan will discourage investment that's badly needed in the Palm Avenue Corridor, the gateway to South County beaches.
“We think the SMART program is a good program, we just think that you're putting it in the wrong location,” they said.
David Alvarez, who represents the area, was the lone dissenter in a pair of votes. They said the issue was land use, not whether SMART is a good program.
They said the city's Local Coastal Program, which was approved by the California Coastal Commission, specifies the retention of visitor facilities near South County beaches.
Commission staff has said if such facilities are removed, they should be replaced. Alvarez said there is no plan to replace the motel.
In a pair of 8-1 votes, the council granted a permit for the facility and determined that issuance of the permit is exempt from the state's environmental review laws, and approved a funding source.
According to staff, the renovation work is scheduled for April through September, with opening possible in October. The facility will provide 42 rooms for the SMART program, and 84 beds.
The hearing began three days of potentially contentious meetings for the City Council before its holiday break. On Tuesday, council members take another stab at regulating short-term vacation rental properties, which beach- area residents say cause late-night noise, overcrowding and trash, but are supported as an example of the new “sharing economy” and a way for visitors to avoid expensive hotels.
On Wednesday, the council will take up revisions to the way recreation center fees are collected and spent. Elliott contends the current process violates the City Charter — the city's primary governing document — but members of recreation councils worry that bureaucracy will endanger their programs. The city attorney said they won't renew permits for the councils unless fee procedures are changed.
MORRIS, Minn. — A 94-year-old Minnesota man whose wife died after battling cancer built a swimming pool in their backyard for children in their neighborhood.
Keith Davison's wife of 66 years died last year, KARE 11 reports.
“You just can't imagine what it's like,” they said. “You cry a lot. That's just the way it is because she's not here.”
Davison then decided to do something different to fill their time.
In the spring, the retired judge had an in-ground pool built. In July, the pool, which is 32 feet long and 9 feet deep, opened — and kids from all over the neighborhood came to swim.
“I knew they'd come,” Davison said.
Davison, who has three adult children but no grandchildren, is usually seen sitting in a chair next to the pool, watching the kids swimming, laughing and having fun.
“I'm not sitting by myself looking at the walls,” Davison said. “What else would you think of doing where you could have a whole bunch of kids over every afternoon?”
A human trial shows synthetic strands of RNA slow down the production of a protein that leads to irreversible damage in the brain.
Huntington's disease is caused by a gene mutation that causes the body to create a rogue version of a protein, called huntingtin, which damages parts of the brain. The new drug, called Ionis-HTTRx, is a strand of synthetic RNA that blocks the production of that protein. The drug has to be injected into the fluid around the spine using a large needle, from where it can enter the brain.
Now, the company behind the drug, Ionis Pharmaceuticals, reports that a phase 1 trial of 46 patients patients, which has shown that the drug successfully lowers the level of that toxic protein in the nervous system. And the results have caught the eye of Big Pharma: Roche has announced that it's licensing the drug from Ionis for $45 million, and will take on the deveopment of the drug from here out.
Dr. Sarah Tabrizi, professor of clinical neurology at University College London who ran the clinical trial, said in a statement that the results are of “ground-breaking importance for Huntington's disease patients and families.” Now, Roche will carry out further trials to investigate whether the reduced protein levels have a meaningful impact on the progression of the disease itself.
This isn't the first time that RNA drugs have been shown to be successful (see: “How a Boy's Lazarus-like Revival Points to a New Generation of Drugs” and “Gene-Silencing Drugs Finally Show Promise”). But it is the first drug to target the underlying cause of Huntington's by blocking the production of huntingtin.
According to the Guardian, there's hope among some researchers that the same technique could be modified and applied to other incurable brain diseases, like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's.
LONDON, April 6 Following are match-by-match facts and statistics ahead of round 32 of the Premier League fixtures on April 8-10 (1400 GMT unless stated):
April 8
Tottenham Hotspur v Watford (1130)
*Spurs are second overall, seven points behind Chelsea
*Hosts have won five Premier League games in a row
*Spurs striker Harry Kane close to returning from injury
*Watford are chasing third win in a row
*Hornets have kept clean sheets in last two games
Manchester City v Hull City
*Fourth placed City lost 2-1 to Chelsea on Wednesday.
*City have failed to win in last four games
*Hull now two points clear of the drop zone
*Tigers have won five games under Marco Silva
*Hull were bottom when Silva took over in January
Middlesbrough v Burnley
*Relegation-threatened 'Boro are on a 13 game winless run
*Burnley have not won away all season
*Hosts have scored the fewest goals in the top flight (22)
*'Boro have lost six of last 10 games
*The Clarets are seven points clear of relegation zone
Stoke City v Liverpool
*Stoke are 12th after losing 1-0 to Burnley in midweek
*Liverpool held 2-2 at home to Bournemouth on Wednesday
*Reds have scored more goals than any team in top flight
*Visitors have won three of their last five games
*The Potters have lost last three Premier League games
West Bromwich Albion v Southampton
*West Brom are eighth, Southampton ninth
*The Baggies have not scored in four of the last five games
*Last season's game at the Hawthorns was goalless
*West Brom won 2-1 at St Mary's in December
*Southampton have kept 10 clean sheets so far this season
West Ham United v Swansea City
*Swansea have lost three of their last four games
*Visitors fell into relegation zone on Wednesday
*Swansea have conceded the most goals this season (66)
*The Hammers have lost their last five games
*West Ham have not won since early February
Bournemouth v Chelsea (1630)
*Chelsea are seven points clear of Tottenham at the top
*Blues have lost one of their last 10 games
*Bournemouth held Liverpool to a 2-2 draw in midweek
*Cherries beat Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in 2015
*Chelsea lost to Crystal Palace last weekend
April 9
Sunderland v Manchester United (1230)
*Sunderland have won one of their last 10 games
*United are on a 20 game Premier League unbeaten run
*Jose Mourinho's side have won 10, drawn 10
*Zlatan Ibrahimovic has 16 league goals for Utd this season
*Sunderland have not scored since Feb. 4
Everton v Leicester City (1500)
*Leicester have won five games in a row after losing five
*Craig Shakespeare has won every game since they took over
*Everton are seventh, champions Leicester 11th
*Everton have had 17 different scorers this season
*Jamie Vardy has scored five goals in last five games
April 10
Crystal Palace v Arsenal (1900)
*Olivier Giroud has scored five goals as a substitute
*Mesut Ozil made their 150th appearance for Gunners in midweek
*Arsenal are fifth, four points behind Manchester City
*Palace have won four of their last five games
*Home side are three points above the drop zone (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Martyn Herman)
Workers who make clothing did very well. So did bankers.
Scroll for more content...
Miners and autoworkers, not so much.
The Labor Department reported the biggest hourly pay increase in eight years in Friday's jobs report -- an average increase of 2.9% for private sector employees.
"The job market is very tight and getting tighter," said Mark Zandi, chief economist with Moody's Analytics. "Businesses are struggling to hire or hang onto people so they have no choice but to raise wages"
Part of that boost came at the low end of the pay scale, since an estimated 4.5 million minimum wageworkers in 18 states got raises when their states boosted the minimum wage on Jan. 1.
But with 125.5 million people working across the country, the raises for those 4.5 million minimum wageworkers didn't move the needle very much.
Related: American gets a raise - Wage growth fastest since 2009
Data from the Labor Department showed some wide disparity in who got wage increases and who did not.
"The wage increases are not being broadly shared," said Heidi Shierholz, labor economist at the Economic Policy Institute, a liberal think tank.
The job classification with the biggest annual percentage increase was clothing manufacturing. Wages jumped 14% on average according to the labor department data. That's a very small sector with only 116,000 workers, most of whom make high-end merchandise. That's because the overwhelming majority of clothing sold in U.S. is imported from low wage countries, leaving behind only high-end clothing manufacturing.
"These are people who are very skilled. And I'm sure it's very difficult to hold onto those workers," said Zandi. They added that the industry also has a high percentage of foreign born workers.
"I'm sure the crackdown on immigration is having an impact in that sector," they said, forcing manufacturers to pay their remaining workers even more. "This is only the beginning. It's going to get a lot worse."
The bankruptcy of American Apparel, which used to make more modestly-priced clothes at U.S. plants also help drive up the sector's wages. Clothing manufacturing lost about 15,000 jobs in the last 18 months, and eliminating more modestly-paying jobs has the effect of raising the average wage significantly.
The second biggest wage increase was the 4.6% boost that workers who refine petroleum and coal products -- another relatively small sector with 115,000 jobs.
The other group that got a significant wage hike were the 8.5 million people working in what the government classifies as "financial activities," such as banking, Wall Street and insurance. They averaged a 4.2% raise.
Related: Google to hire thousands in nine states
Wages for the 16 million people who work in the leisure and hospitality industry, rose 3.3% on average. Most of those workers -- about 11.9 million -- work in restaurants, including fast food, and bars.
"If you're going to see [the impact of higher minimum wages] anywhere, you'll see it with restaurant workers," said Zandi.
Mining and logging workers posted only a 0.3% increase, on average, despite all the attention that's been focused on mining jobs. Zandi said the rural mining communities are among the few places where there is not a shortage of workers putting upward pressure on wages.
"If there's any slack in the economy it's there," they said.
One sector where wages declined was auto plants and factories that make auto parts, where the average pay fell by 0.3%. Some of that could be done to an aging work force, since better-paid workers are retiring and being replaced by lower-paid new hires. Also helping to depress auto wages was series of layoffs at better paying unionized auto plants in Michigan and Ohio during the year, and growth at lower paying non-union auto plants in the South.
The LakeSmart Team is back on the water for the summer delivering the Dock Talk program providing information to cottagers to maintain a healthy ecosystem on Lake of the Woods and neighbouring lakes in the area. They will also be available to answer questions and share resources at the weekly Matiowki Farmer's Market at the Whitecap Pavilion every Wednesday during July and August.
The three member team includes Krista Robertson, invasive species liaison and LakeSmart flight attendantship technicians Reed Cupeiro and Myles King.
Robertson and Cupeiro are both back for their second year with the LakeSmart program with King coming on board this summer. All three are university students with a focus on environmental education.
Now in its eight year, LakeSmart is an initiative of the Lake of the Woods and District Property Owners Association with substantial support from sponsors who contribute in-kind donations and cash.
“These LOWDPOA ambassadors spend the summer sharing information with shoreline residents and anyone who enjoys the lakes and environment on ways that we can live and play green at the lake,” stated LOWDPOA executive director Diane Schwartz-Williams. “They will be sharing practical knowledge about what we can each do to contribute to a healthier lake ecosystem, spreading the word about being more sustainable in our flight attendantship of land and water.”
Schwartz-Williams cited several areas of expertise the LakeSmart Team is keen to share with island and waterfront cottagers to do their part to held maintain healthy water and lake habitat:
Healthy shorelines – things people should and should not do when landscaping their waterfront properties
Septic System checklist – ways to improve and enhance septic systems;
Invaisive species – ensure people don't unintentionally introduce invasive plants into their gardens
Safe boating – taking care during refueling so as prevent gas from getting into the lake;
Clean, Drain and Dry program is aimed at boaters to control the spread of invasive aquatic species from one water body to another by taking time to pressure wash the hull, drain water from live wells and thoroughly dry the boat, (three days in sunshine and seven days in overcast) before launching the watercraft into another lake or river.
In addition to scheduled presentations in Kenora and Sioux Narrows-Nestor Falls and the 100th LacLu Regatta, join the team on one of the three IISD Experimental Lakes Area tours that can be booked with LOWDPOA.
The LakeSmart Team is also available to deliver presentations to lake groups or association events on request by contacting the LOWDPOA at 807-543-4287
It was a crime of unrequited love and obsession when an ex-boyfriend shot dead their former girlfriend and turned the gun on themselves just weeks before their wedding to their cop fiancé.
Christene Pillay (25), of Bridgebury in Phoenix, their mother, Elaine and a security guard were all shot by 25-year-old Shiraz Ismail, a Blue Security armed reaction officer who then shot themselves in the head on Friday night.
Ismail and Christene had separated years ago but they apparently failed to come to terms with the break-up. Elaine is said to be fighting for their life in hospital.
Phoenix SAPS communications officer, Cpt L Naidoo, said, “On Friday, at about 8:45pm, members responded to a complaint of a shooting at Bridgebury Flats, Phoenix. Upon their arrival at the scene, members found paramedics at the scene working on the victims already. The members noticed a 25-year-old female who was fatally shot, a 51-year-old female believed to be the mother of the deceased female also being treated for a gunshot wound.
A male attired in a Blue Security uniform was fatally shot in the head. Members were then taken around the flats where a 35-year-old male, who was the security guard at the flats, also being treated for a gunshot wound to the stomach.” “It is alleged that the deceased male, the one attired in the Blue security uniform, had come over to the Phoenix area from Chatsworth, had a domestic dispute with the deceased female, age 25, and then shot her, their mother and the security guard before turning the gun on himself.
“The 51-year-old female and the 35 year old male were taken to uMhlanga hospital for treatment. The firearm that the deceased used was found next to their body and four 9mm spent cartridges were found outside of the house while one 9mm cartridge was found inside,” said Cpt Naidoo.
Phoenix police are investigating a case of murder and attempted murder.
KZN VIP Response and Medical Team responded to the scene within minutes of the tragic incident and Operations Director, Glen Naidoo, said, “KZN VIP Medics treated
two of the critically injured
victims assisted by Accimed and EMRS paramedics.”
They added, “It is important that we find more peaceful means of resolving issues. With the 16 Days of Activism Campaign recently hosted, it is heartbreaking that an incident of this nature occurred. Special thanks extended to the ladies of the Durban North Trauma Centre for all the assistance rendered.”
Blue Security managing director, Henk van Bemmelen, confirmed that a Blue Security armed response officer was involved in the Phoenix tragedy.
“The reaction officer was on duty when they abandoned their post and went AWOL on Friday night at about 7pm.
“When our control centre picked up that the officer could not be contacted via radio, we immediately sent out an alert for a manhunt as we were concerned that they might have been hijacked or abducted.
“We used various tracking
systems and upon investigation discovered that they had abandoned the company vehicle in Chatsworth and proceeded to a house in Phoenix where a dispute prevailed that ended tragically,” said Van Bemmelen.
The trouble with transfer deadlines is that while dreams can come true amidst the rush of deals, players can also have their hopes dashed and clubs can be left with the awkward task of patching up damaged relationships.
That is exactly the situation that Leicester City and their manager Claude Puel find themselves in after they were unable to agree terms with Manchester City over the sale of Foxes winger Riyad Mahrez.
The Leicester Mercury newspaper said the Foxes turned down City's final bid of 65 million pounds plus an unnamed player for Mahrez, a deal that would have broken the Manchester club's transfer record.
Leicester valued Mahrez at around 95 million pounds, but City were unwilling to meet that fee, according to British media reports.
Mahrez had submitted a transfer request, missed training and was not included in Wednesday's 2-1 defeat at Everton following reports that they were “depressed” by the club's failure to sell him. Some media reports also suggested they were not willing to play for the club again.
But while a summer departure may eventually satisfy the Algerian, who was a key figure in Leicester's 2016 Premier League title win, Puel now has to ensure the situation does not upset their team, who are in eighth place ahead of Saturday's game against a revived Swansea City.
“All the players, all the staff, will help them to come back with a smile, to enjoy their football with their teammates because they are a great player, fantastic, a good man and they like football,” said Puel.
“Of course, for the moment, I did not speak with Riyad but perhaps there is a lot of disappointment. We will see when we can manage all this for the future,” they added.
During the summer transfer window, Mahrez left Algeria's training camp in order to wait for a move to AS Roma which also failed to materialise.
They were eventually reintegrated into the squad and Leicester's fans, on the whole, forgave them for their push to leave.
Whether the fans and players react with the same tolerance this time around remains to be seen, as does the issue of whether they will even try to fit back in again.
“I think the players know it will be difficult sometimes for Riyad and we have a fantastic group, squad, all the players have a fantastic relationship and understanding between themselves. All the players will give their best for Riyad,” said Puel.
“We know the situation. We can understand their reaction. It is a difficult situation for them and the club.”
A candidate for U.S. Senate in Massachusetts who describes themselves as a “real Indian” is suing the city of Cambridge for demanding they remove their signs that say their challenger, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), is a “fake Indian.”
Shiva Ayyadurai, who is running for the Senate as an independent, filed a federal lawsuit Sunday accusing the city of Cambridge of violating their First Amendment rights under the Constitution for demanding they remove their signs attacking Warren for their unfounded claims of Native American ancestry, the Washington Times reported.
Ayyadurai's campaign bus, which has been parked for more than a month in front of an office building they own, displays signs depicting the progressive Massachusetts senator in an Indian headdress next to a picture of themselves with their campaign slogan: “Only a REAL INDIAN Can Defeat the Fake Indian.”
But this month, Cambridge building inspector Branden Vigneault sent Ayyadurai's campaign a notice that said they lacked proper permitting, threatening a $300 per day fine and legal penalties if the campaign does not remove the signs.
Ayyadurai's campaign argues the building code does not apply to their images because they are posted on a bus and not a brick-and-mortar structure.
“We will not remove the slogan from our bus,” Ayyadurai told the Times. “We will defend the First Amendment, and we will fight this egregious attack on the First Amendment, at any cost.”
Ayyadurai has made it a hallmark of their campaign to challenge Warren's claims of Native American ancestry, which no documentation has proven.
As proof of their heritage, Warren pointed to a “family newsletter” from 2006, uncovered by an amateur genealogist. It stated that their third great-grandmother was a Cherokee Indian.
Warren's campaign also claimed that the Massachusetts senator is Native American because their cousin Candy Rowsey edited a cookbook called Pow Wow Chow. A Boston talk radio show host found in 2012 that Warren may have plagiarized two recipes that they submitted to the cookbook.
Ayyadurai, meanwhile, is using the lack of documented evidence of Warren's heritage to their advantage.
They pulled a campaign stunt in July 2017 where they sent Warren a 23&Me DNA ancestry test through Amazon, which they refused. Ayyadurai then posted a receipt on Twitter of their refunded purchase and wrote that they were “deeply saddened” the progressive Massachusetts senator refused their gift.
A look inside the new USM Marine Research Center, a facility university officials believe will attract students from around the nation.
Of the three fires in the complex, one is out and two are under control, says FIO
The Comstock Lake Fire will likely be downgraded from Wildfire of Note this week, says FIO Forrest Tower. BC WIldfire Service map
As the anniversary of the start of the 2017 wildfires approaches (Saturday, July 7), the BC Wildfire Service is reporting that the fires in the Cariboo and Prince George Fire Centres are well under control.
Fire information officer Forrest Tower says the incident management team for the Comstock Lake Fire Complex, which encompassed the Comstock Lake Fire, the Northwest of Batnuni Lake Fire and the 600 Road Fire, is being disbanded today, with the Comstock Lake Fire falling back under the Prince George Fire Centre and the Northwest of Batnuni Lake Fire under the Cariboo Fire Centre.
The 600 Road Fire, which was near Vanderhoof, is now out.
The Northwest of Batnuni Lake Fire is classified as under control, with resources continuing to monitor it for hot spots.
The Comstock Lake Fire is classified as being held, which Tower says means it is not predicted to grow past the current perimeter. It is held at around 2,700 hectares.
“There are hot spots the crews are working on extinguishing,” they say.
The Comstock Lake Fire is still currently listed as a Wildfire of Note, but Tower says it will likely be downgraded once the fire is back under the PG Fire Centre.
The Wildfire Service is continuing to monitor both fires with drones, conducting thermal scanning to detect further hot spots.
Tower says the operational camp set up on Pelican Forest Service Road for crews fighting the fires is still there; however, as the fires continue to get under control, it will likely be demobilized in the next week.
READ MORE: BC Wildfire Service sets up operational camp near Comstock Lake Fire
The other Wildfire of Note in the province, which was located near Fraser Lake in the Prince George Fire Centre, is now considered under control. It no longer appears on the BC Wildfire Service map.
From April 1 through June 27, 2018, the BC Wildfire Service responded to 568 wildfires in B.C., of which about 40 per cent are believed to have been caused by people, a BC Wildfire Service press release reads.
“Last summer's unprecedented wildfire season highlights the need to always be careful with any fire use,” said Doug Donaldson, Minister of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development in the press release, which was sent out to remind residents to be careful when setting fires over Canada Day long weekend.
Campfires are currently permitted throughout the province, but larger Category 2 and Category 3 open fires are prohibited in some areas, to reduce wildfire risks and protect public safety.
editor@quesnelobserver.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
The B.C. government is ending grizzly bear trophy hunting effective Nov. 30.
“This action is supported by the vast majority of people across our province,” Forests Minister Doug Donaldson announced from Hazelton on Monday. “We believe the action we're taking goes beyond the commitment to Coastal First Nations made as part of the 2016 Great Bear Rainforest agreements.”
Donaldson said it will take one or more hunting seasons to see how many fewer bears are killed once trophy hunters opt out of a system that allows them to take the meat but not the head, paws or hide of the bear.
The current grizzly season begins this week in northern B.C., and hunting season in general ends at the end of November, so one more open season for grizzlies will be conducted before the ban takes effect.
The ministry estimates that 250 grizzlies are killed by hunters each year, with 80 of those shot by non-resident hunters participating in a lottery draw for grizzly hunting tags.
Revenue to the province from the grizzly bear hunt is estimated at $540,000 a year, with communities in hunting areas also benefiting from the spending of hunters, particularly from the out-of-province hunters.
Premier John Horgan committed to ban the trophy hunting of grizzly bears in November 2016, and made it part of the NDP platform in the spring election.
“The Coastal First Nations banned the grizzly trophy hunt in the Great Bear Rainforest four years ago,” said Doug Neasloss, Chief Councillor of the Kitasoo-Xai'Xais First Nation on the B.C. coast, endorsing the NDP position last year. “A provincial ban is long overdue to stop the needless killing of grizzly bears for sport. Bear claws, hides and teeth are not trophies.”
After the Great Bear Rainforest land use plan was adopted, the former B.C. Liberal government began to retire guide-outfitter licenses in the region as territories were sold to bear-watching companies.
About a third of the province is off limits to grizzly hunting for wildlife management reasons. The rest is subject to a managed hunt for resident and non-resident guided hunters that has been validated by independent experts. Former forests minister Steve Thomson defended it a significant contribution to the provincial economy.
In a report released in October 2016, wildlife biologists from the University of Alberta and the University of Minnesota gave high marks to B.C.'s grizzly bear management, including the grizzly bear hunt lottery that attracts foreign hunters each year.
0 Woman filmed riding mobility scooter on Memphis interstate: Here's what happened
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - A woman who was filmed driving onto Interstate 55 in a mobility scooter Friday is home from the hospital after nearly being hit by several cars and trucks.
RELATED: Elderly woman drives mobility scooter onto Memphis interstate
FOX13 spoke with the person who captured the video and saved the woman's life.
Towanna Murphy said they first saw the woman, who appears to be in their 70s or 80s, in the turning lane on Brooks Road, making their way to Interstate 55.
Trending stories:
Murphy told us the woman is fortunate because they almost lost their lives several times.Towanna Murphy said they knew the woman riding their scooter on Interstate 55 was in danger.
“She said, 'I could have been all the way to Chicago by now.' I said, 'You wasn't going to make it mother,” said Towanna Murphy.
Murphy, a gospel radio host, explained to us the distance the woman traveled on their scooter before getting on the interstate.
“She came from South Parkway all the way down Third Street, turned on Brooks and took Brooks all the way down to Elvis Presley.”
Towanna Murphy posted the video on Facebook Live. You can watch it below:
Memphis police told FOX13 they received several calls about the woman riding their scooter in the middle of traffic.
“I didn't know they were heading toward the interstate. I was too busy trying to get them to pull over and then they had hazard lights.”
Murphy said after getting on the interstate, they tried to get other drivers to help protect the woman from danger.
“Not one time did anybody stop or try to protect this elderly woman from getting hit,” said Murphy.
Murphy told us a Memphis police officer eventually caught up with the woman near the 240 exit ramp.
“Baby, they were holding on to the back of their wheelchair and they were swinging them around and around. I kept saying, 'No, no.'”
MPD said after finally stopping the woman, they were taken to the hospital.
Murphy said they hope the lady receives the proper medical attention.
“The moral of the story is we got to show more love and compassion toward one another. We can't just look the adversaries.”
Memphis police told us the woman was not given any traffic violations. They were released from the hospital to family members.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
US and Afghan special operations groups are preparing an offensive against Daesh strongholds in northwestern Afghanistan in an attempt to prevent the fractured militant group from continuing their expansion into Afghanistan's northern provinces.
Afghan Defense Ministry spokesperson Gen. Mohammad Radmanish announced the initiative, which is planned to begin in December, possibly before the week is out.
"These operations are to chase the enemy — the terrorists who oppose the Afghan people and the Afghan National Defense Security Forces," they said.
It won't be their first go at it. US Forces Afghanistan (USFOR-A) attempted to stop the local Daesh branch, the so-called "Islamic State-Khorasan Province," or ISIS-K, from setting up shop in east Afghanistan in 2015. But their efforts failed, and the group has gained a foothold in the embattled Central Asian nation.
As the name suggests, this particular Daesh group is based out of Khorasan — but since then, they've been increasingly appearing in Jowzjan and Faryab provinces along the country's northern border with Turkmenistan. Stripe reports that most of the fighters have come from Pakistan's Tehrik-i-Taliban group, crossing the border for the promise of higher pay.
Not only that, intelligence reports have been trickling in that veteran fighters fleeing the collapse of the militant group's territory in Iraq and Syria may bolster ISIS-K's ranks in Afghanistan.
USFOR-A deny this to be the case, but press reports from AFP say that this transfer has already begun. They reported that militants were spotted entering Daesh-held territory in Jowzjan province in November — including several knowns to have been fighting in Iraq or Syria.
Lt. Col. Kone Faulkner, a US military spokesperson, said that the Pentagon had "nothing substantial to corroborate those reports."
Regardless of whether Iraqi and Syrian fighters are joining ISIS-K, USFOR-A have made their intentions clear: the total annihilation of Daesh's presence in Afghanistan. "We're committed to their destruction wherever they appear across the country," said Gen. John Nicholson, who commands USFOR-A, in late November.
Nicholson added that the US has killed over 1,600 ISIS-K fighters across 1,400 ground operations and air strikes since March. Most notable was the dropping of a Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb (MOAB), commonly known as "the mother of all bombs," on a Daesh cave network in April that killed an estimated 100 ISIS-K fighters.
© AP Photo/ David Guttenfelder Pentagon Says All 3,000 US 'Uplift' Troops Now on Ground in Afghanistan
ISIS-K has been linked to several destructive terrorist attacks, including an assault on local forces in the northern Sar-e-Pul province in August that left around 50 dead and a suicide bombing in Kabul that killed 14.
They are believed to have around 1,100 fighters spread throughout the country, down from a high of 3,000 at the beginning of 2017.
The World Health Organization performed a 2014 study of the air quality of the world's cities. Among the 1,600 cities surveyed, Delhi had the absolute worst air quality. Of the bottom 20 cities, 13 of them were in India.
A 2013 study from the US-based Health Effect Institute found that air pollution was the fifth largest killer in India, responsible for over 600,000 annual deaths. Worse, India has seen a 50% increase in premature deaths related to air pollution in the last quarter century according to the Institute of Health Metrics and Evaluation.
In response, the Indian central government (which governs Delhi) has planted millions of trees, introduced modern buses and trains that run on clean-burning fuels, and levied additional taxes and regulations on diesel vehicles.
These measures only managed to offset the trend, not reverse it. Delhi has had some of the world's dirtiest air for over 20 years, climaxing in a three-day stretch in November 2016 where air pollution was so intense that the government declared a state of emergency.
The burning of plastic is a major contributor to air pollution, as it creates toxic fumes such as dioxin and furan. Plastic in general is a thorny issue in waste management, as it takes centuries for it to degrade. Instead it simply breaks down into smaller pieces which still pose a danger to birds and marine life.
The ban has come under fire for poor implementation, however. A cloth bag can be 4-5 times more expensive than a plastic one, which encourages stores to flout the ban to save money. The government has threatened fines on vendors found to be violating the new law, but with 25 million people in Delhi it may prove difficult to successfully enforce the prohibition.
Delhi's air pollution also comes from smoke from stubble burning, in which farmers burn the leftover straw from grain harvests to quickly and cheaply clear the field for the next crop. Other causes are extensive fireworks, construction, and demolition.
Delhi is following in the footsteps of France, who in September 2016 introduced a law to phase out plasticware by 2020.
Bangalore, India May 30, 2018: PROLIM Global Corporation is pleased to announce the addition of Aaditya Vidyarthi as Head of APAC and Europe.  They are responsible for the overall management and strategic direction of PROLIM's business in these two key geographies, effective immediately.
Aaditya joins PROLIM from Siemens PLM Software, where they were responsible for mid-market sales of the Siemens PLM Software portfolio. They played a key role in transforming and expanding PLM solutions for the mid-market industries, including automotive, industrial machinery, etc. Prior to Siemens PLM, Aaditya held several sales leadership positions at Dassault Systems, Accelrys India, IBM, and HCL Systems.
Aaditya is experienced in several technology domains, including CAD, CAM, Cloud computing, ALM, PLM, and ERP. They have led large consulting engagements.
Aaditya is an accomplished business leader, motivator, and mentor in Multinational PLM and IT Organizations in India.  They are an expert in challenger sales, enterprise consultative sales, business conversations, resource optimization, value creation, and competitive differentiation. Aaditya's professional success is strongly based in their unique formula: “Never lost a Competitive Opportunity, never won it on the Price.” They strongly believe in bringing a unique insight to a business opportunity, based on competitive differentiators.
Aaditya has a Bachelor of Engineering degree and Post Graduate degree in Business Management from SP Jain Institute, Mumbai, India.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump says a GOP memo declassified on Friday “totally vindicates” them in the Russia probe.
In a Saturday morning tweet, Trump denied any collusion or obstruction and called the investigation “an American disgrace.”
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” Trump tweeted Saturday morning. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
On Friday, Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by GOP House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority.
The highly controversial memo alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought for a Trump campaign aide without a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia. The memo is the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia, alleging that the investigation was infused with an anti-Trump bias under the Obama administration and supported with political opposition research.
The memo tries to connect what Republicans believe was a flawed application to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page to the overall counterintelligence investigation into potential collusion between Russians and the Republican campaign.
But the memo undermines its own argument about the application being overly reliant on the dossier. It notes that the application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier in the Page application.
A former senior national security official told CNN that the President's tweet on Saturday shows they acted for “personal purposes.”
“As a public servant I was taught to never take official action for personal gain. That is exactly what our president has done,” the former official said. “He personally ordered the declassification of the memo, not for political purposes, but for personal purposes. The proof of that is their claim that they have now been ‘vindicated' by the memo. In my view this conflict of interest is the real story. Not the memo itself, which doesn't contain much we didn't already know.”
The FBI issued a rare public warning on Wednesday that the GOP memo omits key information that could impact its veracity. Democrats, meanwhile, have slammed the memo as an inaccurate and misleading portrait intended to undermine Mueller's probe and disputed what the memo concluded about McCabe's testimony on the dossier as the basis for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant.
There are currently several investigations into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, but Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 election.
BRIEF-Avita to pay 2016 dividend on July 21
* Says it will pay dividend for 2016 to shareholders on July 21
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- Just went you thought we were done talking about the Dallas dog, Lamb of God, and their panhandling partner, Sean Baugh... well here's part two!
No joke.
Lamb of God was taken from Baugh after biting a child, and placed on doggie death row. The dog was spared, but their owner was heartbroken.
Fast forward a couple months., looks like Baugh has a new bff.
People who say Baugh abused their dog are upset. "Unfortunately this dog is going to suffer a horrible fate," says Jessica Brodsky.  They are one of the people who helped save Lamb of God's life.
People throughout the community are taking and posting pictures and videos of Baugh with their new puppy, all dressed up in various outfits.
Brodsky says, "He told all of us, trying to get this pity from everybody after the Lamb of God, saying oh it's all about the dog, I love this dog, I just want this dog to have a great life. And then, as soon as the cameras were off, they went back to being the same man, and exploiting yet another dog. Putting it back into the same crate, and putting a hat on it, and you know, doing the exact same thing, they haven't learned a lesson."
Meanwhile, during Monday's city meeting to discuss changes for Dallas' dangerous dog ordinance, Baugh's new dog was a topic of conversation.
"The system definitely failed our communities." says Fran Gaconnier. She's the founder and executive director at Gypsy Dog Ops and the Oak Cliff Animal Initiative. "There was really no win for anyone. There were multiple bites, the dog was being allegedly neglected and abused, and transported in a way that was inhumane. And, for that to continue because the system is too lose, or because the system couldn't support that, and then it ended in the dog biting a child, it failed everyone."
We couldn't reach Baugh for their side of things, however last time we talked to him, they told us they are not an animal abuser.
Regardless of your thoughts about the whole story, it sounds like there is some change coming in the way Dallas deals with dangerous dogs.
The National Transportation Safety Board issued a preliminary report about the plane that went missing off of Molokai on Dec. 30, 2016
The NTSB says the Cessna most likely crashed in the ocean.
Air traffic control data shows the plane entered a descending right turn seconds after it reached a maximum altitude of roughly 2,500 feet over open water northwest of the Kaunakakai airport.
Officials believe Michael Childers was the piloting during the flight.
The plane was carrying two passengers, Whitney Thomas and John Mizuno, who were heading back to Oahu.
Rescue crews looked for the trio for several days while family and friends continued their own search.
Read the full report below.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen their 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from their family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
I never said that! High-tech deception of 'deepfake' videos
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when they arrived in Boise at six months old.
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows their daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at their birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
New Jersey towns along a busy highway leading to the Lincoln Tunnel into New York City could see traffic jams when a bridge repair project closes a lane in each direction _ it's just not clear when.
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
(AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File). FILE - In this Thursday, June 21, 2018, file photo, traffic spirals up-and-down a section of Route 495 to the Lincoln Tunnel, in Weehauken, N.J., with the New York City skyline in the background. New Jersey towns along ...
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
Traffic 'nightmare' for New York-bound motorists, but when?
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut gobbles record 74 franks and buns to win their 11th title at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
A push to mandate increased use of renewable energy in sun-drenched Arizona has been met with fierce opposition from the state's largest utility.
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
(AP Photo/Eric Risberg). In this photo taken Wednesday, June 27, 2018, environmental activist & billionaire Tom Steyer poses at their offices in San Francisco. Arizona's largest utility is fiercely opposing a push to mandate increased use of renewabl...
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
Authorities say two people have died after a tree branch fell on a crowd of spectators during a fireworks show in western Illinois.
2 dead after tree branch falls on crowd at fireworks show
2 dead after tree branch falls on crowd at fireworks show
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
Attorneys say parents separated from children are in fragile state for high-stakes asylum interviews.
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File). FILE - In this June 26, 2018, file photo, a U.S. Border Patrol truck enters the Port Isabel Detention Center, which holds detainees of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, in Los Fresnos, Texas. Parents who h...
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
Get ready to gobble! Eating titans take on July Fourth hot dog chowing contest.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York.
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Competitive eating producer and master of ceremonies George Shea participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, i...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Carmen Cincotti, left, poses in a stare-down with defending champion Joey Chestnut during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
NEW YORK (AP) - The Latest on the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest. (all times local):
2 p.m.
Judging errors cast widespread confusion over Joey "Jaws" Chestnut's record-setting 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
Chestnut took home the Mustard Belt after downing 74 franks and buns in 10 minutes - two more than they did last year. Second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti ate 64.
But longtime announcer George Shea tells The Associated Press they noticed in real time that jurists measuring Chestnut's and Cincotti's intake weren't counting from two plates stacked with franks that the eaters were drawing from. The under-counted tally was then displayed on live TV.
Shea says both Chestnut and Cincotti were adamant about their scores, which were certified by Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez.
They say new judges will be used next year.
___
1 p.m.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home their 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns they downed last year.
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed them down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
___
11 a.m.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) downed 37 franks to win their fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during their performance, which was slightly delayed after they requested new water to soak them buns.
___
12:05 a.m.
It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. They set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but they managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
* Futures down: Dow 9 pts, S&P 2 pts, Nasdaq 2.75 pts
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 12 U.S. stock index futures were little changed on Wednesday as rising geopolitical tensions and the approaching earnings season weighed on investors' risk appetite.
* The United States launched missiles at a Syrian airfield last week to retaliate a deadly chemical attack on civilians. The strikes pushed President Donald Trump, who came to power in January calling for warmer ties with Russia, and their administration into confrontation with Moscow.
* The White House on Tuesday accused Russia of shielding the Syrian government from the blame for the chemical attack, even as Trump said they had no plans to "go into" the war-torn country.
* Meanwhile, Chinese President Xi Jinping called on the U.S. for a peaceful resolution with North Korea, which has warned it would launch a nuclear attack if provoked by the United States, as a U.S. Navy strike group headed toward the western Pacific.
* Corporate earnings are likely to provide the next catalyst for the market as investors focus on fundamentals to justify lofty valuations on Wall Street. The big banks unofficially kick off the season on Thursday, with results due from JPMorgan , Citigroup and Wells Fargo.
* Gold prices were flat but remained close to the highest level hit in November. The dollar index was also little changed, while oil prices edged up slightly.
* Comments from Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan will be parsed for any clues on interest rate hikes and the Fed's plans to trim its balance sheet. Kaplan is expected to speak at 10:00 a.m. ET. (1300 GMT)
* Shares moving premarket included Whole Foods, which rose 2.8 percent to $34.50 after Bloomberg reported overnight that Amazon.com had mulled buying the organic food chain last year.
* Pipeline operator NuStar Energy dropped 7.5 percent to $47.60 after agreeing to buy Navigator Energy for $1.48 billion.
Futures snapshot at 6:56 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were down 9 points, or 0.04 percent, with 25,041 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were down 2 points, or 0.09 percent, with 147,572 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 2.75 points, or 0.05 percent, on volume of 26,975 contracts.
(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
In a typical instance of a white lie, a man at death's door was reported to have found solace after their former wife told them that Donald Trump was impeached.
Michael Garland Elliott, who died earlier this month in their home in Oregon at the age of 75, was no fan of Donald Trump, to say the least, and remained faithful to their anti-Trump stance until their last breath, even after ill health left them unable to communicate.
According to the obituary for Elliott published in The Oregonian, "Mike ran out of family long ago and is survived by their ex-wife and best friend, Teresa Elliott. Though their marriage ran aground, their friendship only grew stronger and theirs was the last voice Mike heard."
Ms. Elliot proved to be instrumental in making their former husband's passing happier, by comforting them with a white lie. As Elliot lay dying, surrounded by friends and caregivers, they received a final phone call from their former spouse, who told them that Donald Trump had been impeached.
"And the last thing they said to them was 'Donald Trump has been impeached.' Upon hearing that they took their final, gentle breath, their earthly work concluded," Elliot's obituary said.
"I knew it was their very, very last moments. I knew that would bring them comfort and it did. They then took their final breath," Teresa Elliott told the New York Daily News, admitting that their former husband "hated Trump's guts."
Remarkably, they had no regrets about lying to their former husband in their last earthly moments.
"Oh God, no. If I could leave them with a happy piece of news then why wouldn't I?" Teresa Elliot said.
They did the right thing. No need for them to suffer going to the grave. Now, if we could all be so lucky. #RIP #Trump #MichaelGarlandElliott https://t.co/wyR1UJYDTc — Notorious V.️O.G👊🏾 (@NotoriousVOG) April 18, 2017
​Elliot's white lie seemed to be met with approval in social media, where users were found to support Teresa Elliot's ways, yet it is ultimately up to Trump to have a final say on this matter. So far, they did not seem to be keen on leaving their post and is very much still the US President. Also, their attitude towards "fake news" media remains unchanged.
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2017
​
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Valve has published a list of the top-grossing games by revenue on Steam for the 2016 calendar year.The "platinum" grossing games were Fallout 4, Dota 2, CS:GO, Total War: Warhammer, No Man's Sky, Grand Theft Auto V, Rocket League, XCOM 2, The Witcher: Wild Hunt, Civilization: VI, Dark Souls III, and Tom Clancy's The Division. About half of those platinum titles do have Linux ports available while Civilization: VI is one of the most sought after games currently by Linux gamers while awaiting information from Aspyr Media on the viability of such a port.The Steam Store page goes on to list many other top 100 games, fortunately, just shy of half of them do have native Linux ports available. Those wanting to see the top revenue generating games on Steam for 2016 can find the list at store.steampowered.com Many of these titles are currently on sale via Steam's 2016 Winter Sale , but if you want to get any of those games, tomorrow marks the end of their winter sale.
Broadcom developer Eric Anholt pushed a few VC4 Gallium3D commits into mainline Mesa tonight, likely marking the end of work on this open-source Raspberry Pi 3D driver for 2016.The VC4 Gallium3D work tonight included rework scheduling of the thread switch to cut one more NOP. This reduced the number of instructions in affected programs by up to 2.5%. Anholt also landed a change to fill thread switching delay slots that with shader-db drops the instructions in affected shader programs by up to 6.25%. Eric also enabled NIR-based loop unrolling for the VC4 driver as part of their latest VC4 commits.Overall this VC4 Gallium3D driver and VC4 DRM driver made much progress this year. For those wondering the major milestones for this open-source Raspberry Pi graphics driver in 2016:A new release of the Raspberry Pi's Debian-based "Raspbian" Linux distribution is now available. This release based off Debian Jessie adds in experimental support for the Pi's new open-source, OpenGL Linux graphics driver stack!With this week's Raspbian update offering experimental OpenGL support via the open-source VC4 driver stack for the Raspberry Pi 2, I decided to try enabling this feature.Eric Anholt at Broadcom has sent in their VC4 DRM driver changes of material for DRM-Next to in turn land with the Linux 4.8 kernel.For those making use of DPI panels with the Raspberry Pi but haven't been able to try out the open-source VC4 driver stack rather than the binary blob due to its lack of DPI support, that is changing in Linux 4.7.One of the latest initiatives worked on by Eric Anholt at Broadcom for the VC4 Gallium3D driver -- the open-source driver used most famously by the Raspberry Pi hardware -- is lower memory use.The VC4 DRM kernel open-source driver for providing display support on Raspberry Pi devices is in the process of getting runtime power management and GPU reset capabilities.Eric Anholt at Broadcom continues to be busy hacking on the open-source VC4 DRM+Gallium3D stack for providing fully open-source Raspberry Pi graphics stack support.The latest Raspberry Pi graphics driver hacking by Eric Anholt of Broadcom has been working to support QPU shaders by this open-source driver stack. QPUs are the shader core of the graphics hardware found in the Raspberry Pi SoC, but come up short of supporting OpenCL or OpenGL compute shaders.Broadcom developer Eric Anholt's latest work on the VC4 DRM kernel driver for Raspberry Pi hardware is for enabling HDMI audio support.For those wondering whether the open-source VC4 graphics driver stack would work out-of-the-box on the new Raspberry Pi 3...
JOIN us live for the barrier draw for Saturday's $3.5 million Golden Slipper at Rosehill from 10:30am AEDT.
TAB spokesperson Glenn Munsie says you cannot underestimate the importance of the draw for the jewel in the crown of Sydney's Super Saturday.
“Most horses hard in the market like Sunlight, Written By, Estijaab, Santos and Ef Troop are on speed types so the draw is very important to their chances. This will be a ‘take no prisoners Slipper' to the first corner.''
LATEST BETTING: TAB FIXED ODDS
Join the live blog below
April 28 Kbr Inc
* KBR announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Reaffirms FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share view $1.10 to $1.40
* Q1 revenue rose 11 percent to $1.1 billion
* Q1 earnings per share $0.26
* KBR Inc says estimate for operating cash flows will range from $100 - $200 million for 2017
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.29, revenue view $1.12 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* KBR Inc - Pemex settlement completed and cash collected in April; to be recorded in Q2 2017
* Says Q1 revenue up driven by recent acquisitions in government services segment and organic growth from contracts with U.S. Military
* FY2017 earnings per share view $1.27 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* KBR Inc - KBR backlog decreased from $10.9 billion as of December 31, 2016 to $10.6 billion as of March 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 6 Pioneer Credit Ltd-
* Confirms that banksia management pty ltd and bc fund ii pty ltd have sold their shareholding in company
* Banksia held a total of 4.8 million shares representing 9.75% of total shares on issue Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The Riyadh-backed High Negotiations Committee (HNC) is intentionally trying to impede the formation of a single Syrian opposition delegation for the upcoming Geneva talks to ruin intra-Syrian negotiations, a Syrian opposition figure told Sputnik Wednesday.
"Part of the Syrian political opposition does not make independent decisions. Their regional patrons have their own interests, which they realize with the help of those whom they patronize. So we see the 'Riyadh group' is impeding the formation of a single opposition delegation to ruin the future negotiations in Geneva," Qadri Jamil, a leader of Syria's Popular Front for Change and Liberation, said.
© AFP 2016/ JM LOPEZ Russian MoD Slams HRW's 'Amateurish' Allegations Syrian Army Used Chemical Weapons
Delegations to the new round of the intra-Syrian talks are expected to arrive in Geneva starting from February 20 and to have a number of technical meetings before the talks kick off officially on February 23 , according to UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura's office.
Since 2011, Syria has been engulfed in a civil war, with government forces fighting against numerous opposition and terrorist groups, including al-Nusra Front and Daesh, banned in a range of countries, including Russia.
US President Donald Trump and Congress must speed up the sale of defensive weapons to Taiwan to counter the threat of invasion from China, US Senator Tom Cotton said in a statement.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US Senator Tom Cotton said that the United States must take seriously the threat from China to use military force against Taiwan.
"I urge both the President and Congress to accelerate the sale of defensive weapons to Taiwan, as well as bring Taiwan into joint military exercises with the United States," Cotton said in the statement on Monday.
Li Kexin, a minister with the Chinese embassy to the United States, said during an embassy event on Friday that they have told US officials China would activate its Anti-Secession Law if US naval vessels were sent to the Taiwan Strait.
"The day that a US Navy vessel arrives in Kaohsiung is the day that our People's Liberation Army unifies Taiwan with military force," Li told Chinese media, referring to Taiwan's largest port.
© REUTERS/ Bobby Yip Chinese Diplomat: Expect War if US Sends Navy Ships to Taiwan
The law, passed in 2005, denies Taiwan's statehood and outlines Beijing's methods to unify the two.
However, the bill also mentions "non-peaceful action" if China believes that all possibility of a bloodless unification with Taiwan has been lost.
The Taiwanese Foreign Ministry slammed Li's words on Saturday, accusing China of using threats and coercion when they claim to desire peaceful reconciliation.
"These methods show a lack of knowledge about the real meaning of the democratic system and how a democratic society works," the ministry wrote in a statement.
Formally speaking, Taiwan — the formal name of which is the Republic of China — and China are still one country, as Taipei considers the mainland to be wayward provinces just as Beijing sees the island as a renegade territory. However, an independence movement consisting of left-wing parties that want to declare Taiwan a de jure sovereign state continues to gain traction on the island.
Scroll for more content...
Comedy legend Whoopi Goldberg steadfastly refuses to say President Trump's name out loud, despite acknowledging that he's "the man in charge."
In an interview with CNN's David Axelrod on "The Axe Files," Goldberg said that they "can't" use Donald Trump's name in conjunction with the word "President," and that though they know that "people don't like that I don't do it, I'm fine with that."
"There's lots of stuff I do that people don't like, you know, I can live with that," they added.
Goldberg, a native New Yorker who appeared along with Trump in the 1994 "Little Rascals" movie, described their relationship as one that had been "cordial," but told Axelrod that they had been "deeply" bothered over the years by Trump's outspoken comments, especially "the nonsense about whether Barack Obama was an American citizen."
"I know they went to school and I know they know that Hawaii was part of the United States. And I know that the real bottom line of that conversation was how can they be our president, and it's like listen, man. They won," they said.
Asked by Axelrod to respond to Trump's assertion that they are the "least racist person you know," Goldberg retorted that "in their mind, they probably are," adding that they believed the President has an inherent belief that there are inferior people to him.
"You know, you keep -- you keep saying you're not racist and then you do racist stuff. And then you hear racist things and you don't say 'Hey, that's not how we talk here.' So for me, they have a lot of issues. But I -- I always said they had issues," they said.
They told Axelrod that they empathized with Colin Kaepernick and other NFL players who have protested racial injustice in America by taking a knee during the national anthem.
"I understand when somebody says, 'I don't think this represents me, I'm not doing a work stoppage, I'm not being disrespectful, I'm kneeling...my back is not to the flag, I'm kneeling, begging to be recognized,'" they said.
Not to mention, they emphasized, "nobody owns these guys, these guys work their tails off, and when they get a bad knee, they're done. As for Kaepernick, Goldberg said they have "nothing but respect for him, because it's hard to stand and p**s in the wind."
Asked by Axelrod if Goldberg had a message for the President, Goldberg said they had "no message for him," but they did have something to "for the people around him."
"Change is coming, and it's not coming because it's even ideological, it's coming because you're endangering, you're allowing things that endanger our children, our country, our air," they said.
"I just want people in (power) who remember what the promise of America is. Not was, but is," they added.
Archaeologists have discovered the remains of a man in Pompeii who they believe survived the first blast of Mount Vesuvius only to be crushed by a stone block launched by the volcanic cloud as they were attempting to flee nearly 2,000 years ago.
Officials in Italy said that the stone block, which might have been a door jamb, struck the man's upper body and crushed their thorax and head, which they have yet to excavate from underneath the stone.
Massimo Osanna, the general director of the archeological site, said in a statement that it was an "exceptional find."
"Beyond the emotional impact of these discoveries, the ability to compare them in terms of their pathologies and lifestyles as well as the dynamics of their escape from the eruption, but above all to investigate them with ever more specific instruments and professionalism present in the field, contribute toward an increasingly accurate picture of the history and civilization of the age," they said.
Archaeologists believe the man may have been killed by the pyroclastic flow — the blast of hot ash lava and gas from the volcano — before they were struck by the rock, according to Live Science.
The man is believed to have been at least 30 years old. Officials said the skeleton showed evidence of a bone infection in one of the man's legs, which could have hindered their ability to escape "at the first dramatic signs which preceded the eruption."
Vesuvius's explosion, in A.D. 79 is one of the world's most widely known historical natural disasters. The blast destroyed Pompeii and Herculaneum, two towns south of Naples, and left preserved many of the area's structures and human remains in ash. Archaeologists began new excavations at the site in March at a section called "Regio V."
Vesuvius remains mainland Europe's only active volcano, according to the Telegraph. About 2,000 people died in Pompeii out of a population of 20,000. Many had fled because the volcano had been spewing ash and smoke for days before it erupted, the Telegraph reported.
In response to the most recent mass school shooting at a Florida high school Feb. 14, 2018, South Mississippi gun shop owners weigh in on the national gun control debate saying they hope lawmakers think before taking action.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
State health officials are advising the public to avoid swimming at the popular Onekahakaha Beach on the Big Island after elevated levels of enterococci were found Wednesday afternoon.
The DOH announced the health advisory just before 4 p.m., and said bacteria, parasites and viruses in the water could make people sick.
During regular beach testing, the DOH reported levels of 271 per 100 mL. The normal level is 130 per 100 mL.
Symptoms include nausea, vomiting, stomachache, diarrhea, headache or fevers. Ear, eye, nose and throat infections could also occur.
The beach remains open, but health officials urge the public should stay out of the water until enterococci levels return to normal.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
* Euro-denominated issuance volumes double since 2007 * European institutional investors driving demand * LatAm euro issues trade wider than dollar counterparts By Claire Milhench LONDON, April 13 Peruvian and Indonesian euro-denominated bonds and Mexican sterling issues are just some of the more esoteric hard-currency issues attracting fund managers with their juicier yields compared with plain-vanilla emerging dollar bonds. Once shunned by managers as too illiquid, the steady growth in issuance volumes of such bonds, particularly in euros, has led to a viable market. Outstanding volumes of euro-denominated emerging market bonds stood at $72 billion last year, up from about $37 billion in 2007, ThomsonReuters data show, though their share of the overall market is steady at around 13 to 16 percent (see table). Issue sizes have grown, as well. In February, the Mexican oil company Pemex set a record for the biggest-ever euro-denominated emerging market issue, raising 4.25 billion euros. And because they are excluded from the most widely used emerging market benchmarks, such as JPMorgan's EMBIG for dollar bonds, they often trade at higher yields than their dollar equivalents, offering fund managers extra bang for their buck. "You used to see 300 million euros issued, and now it's half a billion," said Alejandro Arevalo, an emerging market bond fund manager at Jupiter Asset Management. "From a liquidity side it has improved. It's more attractive as I am less concerned about whether I can get out of the bond if I need to sell it." Demand for euro issuance has been underpinned by European insurers and pension funds, which need higher yields to meet future payments to policyholders. Arevalo refers to such investors as "sticky hands" because they tend to buy and hold. "If there is a panic in the market, people tend to sell the benchmark securities first," said Wouter van Overfelt, a senior portfolio manager at Vontobel Asset Management. "So some of these dollar-denominated securities will sell off whereas the euro-denominated securities won't necessarily move as much." They cited the example of Pemex, where big losses and poor sentiment in late 2015 sharply pushed up yields on its 2024 dollar bond but more or less spared the 2025 euro issue. YIELD PICK UP Due to European institutions' preference for local names, Latin American euro- or sterling-denominated bonds can trade at much wider yield spreads - several managers cited the pick-up offered by the Mexico's 2114 "century bond" denominated in sterling over its dollar equivalent. Similarly, the 2025 and 2022 euro issues from Petrobras and Mexican cement firm Cemex respectively offer a yield pick up over their dollar equivalents of 40 to 90 basis points. Tina Vandersteel, the head of GMO's emerging country debt team, was among those who bought Mexico's century dollar bond when it was issued in 2010. But they rotated out of it and into the 2114 sterling issue when sterling assets sold off before last June's Brexit vote in Britain. As a predominantly institutional manager, GMO doesn't have a lot of in and out flows, they said. The trade also suits managers who are benchmark-agnostic, like van Overfelt, who currently has about 35 to 40 percent of their fund in non-dollar hard currency debt. "We see a lot of opportunities there today," they said, citing Indonesia's 2028 euro issue, which pays almost 50 percent more in spread terms versus the dollar equivalent. Their largest overweight, Mexico, is expressed through the century bonds and Pemex euro bonds. Bryan Carter, head of emerging market fixed income at BNP Paribas Investment Partners, also cites a Peruvian 2026 euro bond that offers a 30-basis-point yield pick up relative to its nearest dollar equivalent. "If you can find them, they can be very interesting at those valuations – they are cheap because no one even remembers they exist," Carter said. Euro debt supply has remained steady, with over $26 billion raised in the first quarter, TR data shows. About 9 percent of outstanding emerging market corporate debt is now denominated in euros, according to JPMorgan, but that rises to 21 percent for emerging Europe. However, euro or sterling will not displace the dollar's hegemony in emerging bond markets. First, most dollar bonds are eligible for the JPMorgan's EMBI Global or CEMBI indexes tracked by funds managing hundreds of billions of dollars. Second, euro-based investors tend to favour investment- grade, frequent issuers, so junk-rated or debut issuers from Africa, for instance, may not find takers. Finally, the euro's increased market share may have come at the expense of other currencies - the yen, for instance, saw its share dwindle last year to 1.1 percent of bond sales versus 2.6 percent in 2007. That has reduced liquidity. "Unless there are other investors looking at the same thing and unless there's liquidity, you won't get the repricing," Carter said. EMERGING MARKET YEARLY ISSUANCE VOLUMES - 2007 CURRENCY PROCEEDS MARKET SHARE NO. OF ISSUES (US$ MLN) US Dollar 145,320.2 63.7 350 Euro 36,787.9 16.1 70 British Pound 8,671.4 3.8 14 Japanese Yen 6,000.8 2.6 29 Swiss Franc 2,965.8 1.3 9 EMERGING MARKET YEARLY ISSUANCE VOLUMES - 2016 CURRENCY PROCEEDS MARKET SHARE NO. OF ISSUES (US$ MLN) US Dollar 408,137.2 77.3 628 Euro 71,891.5 13.6 89 Chinese Yuan 17,549 3.3 54 British Pound 6,882.5 1.3 7 Japanese Yen 5,654.9 1.1 26 Swiss Franc 3,716.4 0.7 14 Source: ThomsonReuters (Reporting by Claire Milhench, editing by Larry King)
–
BENGALURU (Sputnik)Russian Sukhoi Su-30MKI operated by the Indian Air Force after modernization will get the AL-41F turbofan engines designed for 4++ generation aircraft currently being installed on the Su-35 fighters, United Engine Corporation CEO Alexander Artyuhov said Wednesday.
"Speaking of the modernization of the Su-30MKI aircraft in terms of the engine, we have developed the engine AL-41F1C, it is being installed on the Su-35. This engine is exhibited at our stand and can be used for the Su-30MKI," Artyuhov said during press conference at Aero India 2017.
They added that the engine was significantly superior to its predecessors.
The Sukhoi Su-30MKI super-maneuverable fighter jet is a version of the Su-30MK developed for India by Russia's Sukhoi Aviation Corporation. The Indian Air Force has a fleet of over 200 Russia-designed aircraft built under license by India's Hindustan Aeronautics Limited.
The 11th edition of the Aero India exhibition will be held until 18 February. The expo is attended by over 750 companies from India and around the world.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The New York Times published a story Tuesday evening claiming anonymous “aides” on President Donald Trump's campaign had contact with Russian intelligence, citing classified information supplied by “four current and former American officials.”
Oddly, the Times reports that these officials concluded that there was “no evidence” they had seen that the “Trump campaign was colluding with the Russians on the hacking or other efforts to influence the election.” So there would seem to be no story.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
However, the anonymous officials were reportedly alarmed by the “amount of contact that was occurring while Mr. Trump was speaking glowingly about the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin.” The Times does not report who initiated the contact.
The Times misreports at least one key piece of evidence. It claims: “At one point last summer, Mr. Trump said at a campaign event that they hoped Russian intelligence services had stolen Hillary Clinton's emails and would make them public.”
That is not true: the “campaign event” was a press conference, and Trump's comment was clearly a joke, as Breitbart News reported at the time — though that did not stop the media and the Hillary Clinton campaign from trying to make it a campaign issue.
In its report Tuesday, the Times also left out why the so-called “Russian hacking” of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) was important — namely, that emails released by Wikileaks revealed that Democratic Party officials had colluded with the Clinton campaign to ensure that Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) did not win the presidential nomination. The information forced then-DNC chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (D-FL) to resign. Later, several other officials also left the DNC.
The Times also suggests that the FBI is conducting an investigation of telephone calls made by the Trump campaign (about which Breitbart News speculated on Monday, to the disdain of left-wing critics). The Times' sources provided no further details, leaving the rest to readers' imaginations: “The officials would not disclose many details, including what was discussed on the calls, the identity of the Russian intelligence officials who participated, and how many of Mr. Trump's advisers were talking to the Russians. It is also unclear whether the conversations had anything to do with Mr. Trump himself.”
On Monday — perhaps with advance knowledge of the Times story — a reporter asked White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer if they still stood by earlier claims that there had been no contact between campaign staff and “the Russians.” They did so.
The Times story mentions, and is sure to bolster, calls on Capitol Hill for deeper investigation of the Trump campaign and the White House.
But it will also heighten suspicions among those who are concerned about the leaking of classified information to liberal journalists in what appears to be a calculated manner to cause maximum political damage to the new administration.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. Their new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
St. Joe's hosts more events following postponed Read-In
This February at Saint Joseph's University, students and faculty are celebrating Black History Month with movie screenings, speakers, historical discussions, and other educational events.
The most recent of these celebrations, the National African American Read-In, was snowed out on Feb. 9. The event, part of a countrywide effort for equality, is modeled after the historic sit ins of the civil rights movement and encourages students to collectively read passages written by African American authors. The Read-In will be rescheduled for later this month, when the rest of the Black History Month programming will also take place.
“Black history is American history, and unfortunately it's not always taught in that way,” said Monica Nixon, Ed.D., assistant provost for Inclusion and Diversity. “Awareness months provide an opportunity for focused attention on groups whose histories have been minimized or even erased, but it's critical to examine the experiences of all people whenever we're studying history.”
Students recognize the importance of such awareness, as well. The Black Student Union (BSU) is sponsoring Black History Month events such as movie screenings, spades and basketball tournaments, a career planning Q&A session, and its annual Talent Show.
“Black History is a very important month for the Black Student Union,” said Imani Briscoe, '17, member of the BSU. “Not only because of what the month represents for us, but especially because it means a lot to represent our group on our predominately white campus. We are given an opportunity to showcase why black is so beautiful.”
The upcoming Black History Month programming from the Office of Inclusion and Diversity (OID) includes a lecture by Sister Thea Bowman on the Biblical representation of women and their connection to modern black activism as well as a temporary exhibit set up by the Lest We Forget Travelling Slave Museum. The OID organized these events in conjunction with other sponsors, such as the BSU.
“We try to create a set of programs that appeals to different audiences and meets a variety of outcomes,” Nixon said. “For some of the programs, departments and groups approached Inclusion and Diversity to co-sponsor, which allows all of us to reach a broader audience.”
These events may be important for awareness, but black students still remain in an extreme minority at St. Joe's. The most recent class for which there is data— the class of 2015—was only 3.8 percent black/African American. This is an issue that's being addressed by multiple departments, according to Nixon.
“We are working to understand and build on what helps students stay and succeed,” Nixon said. “The President's Council on Inclusion and Diversity is working with several groups to understand more about retention and student success in order to recommend strategies for improvement. We know some of the barriers to a welcoming campus climate, and minimizing This requires structural and behavioral changes.”
Briscoe agrees that internal changes need to be made in order to promote diversity.
“The only true way to correct or lessen this [diversity] issue is to treat others as you would want to be treated,” Briscoe said. “Examples of this would be for university organizations to make sure that February isn't the only time of the academic calendar when they are looking to the BSU for reasons to engage, but rather cultivate genuine relationships with our organization. The only true lasting change will come if people are willing to go outside of their regular SJU bubble and engage.”
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
By Michelle Nichols
North Korea violated United Nations sanctions to earn nearly $200 million in 2017 from banned commodity exports, according to a confidential report by independent U.N. monitors, which also accused Pyongyang of supplying weapons to Syria and Myanmar.
The report to a U.N. Security Council sanctions committee, seen by Reuters on Friday, said North Korea had shipped coal to ports, including in Russia, China, South Korea, Malaysia and Vietnam, mainly using false paperwork that showed countries such as Russia and China as the coal origin, instead of North Korea.
The 15-member council has unanimously boosted sanctions on North Korea since 2006 in a bid to choke funding for Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programs, banning exports including coal, iron, lead, textiles and seafood, and capping imports of crude oil and refined petroleum products.
“The DPRK (North Korea) is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries and the international banking system,” the U.N. monitors wrote in the 213-page report.
The North Korean mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report. Russia and China have repeatedly said they are implementing U.N. sanctions on North Korea.
SYRIA, MYANMAR
The monitors said they had investigated ongoing ballistic missile cooperation between Syria and Myanmar, including more than 40 previously unreported North Korea shipments between 2012 and 2017 to Syria's Scientific Studies and Research Centre, which oversees the country's chemical weapons program.
The investigation has shown “further evidence of arms embargo and other violations, including through the transfer of items with utility in ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs,” the U.N. monitors wrote.
They also inspected cargo from two North Korea shipments intercepted by unidentified countries en route to Syria. Both contained acid-resistant tiles that could cover an area equal to a large scale industrial project, the monitors reported.
One country, which was not identified, told the monitors the seized shipments can “be used to build bricks for the interior wall of a chemical factory.”
Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013. However, diplomats and weapons inspectors suspect Syria may have secretly maintained or developed a new chemical weapons capability.
The Syrian mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report.
The U.N. monitors also said one country, which they did not identify, reported it had evidence that Myanmar received ballistic missile systems from North Korea, along with conventional weapons, including multiple rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles.
Myanmar U.N. Ambassador Hau Do Suan said the Myanmar government “has no ongoing arms relationship, whatsoever, with North Korea” and is abiding by the U.N. Security Council resolutions.
BANNED EXPORTS, IMPORTS
Under a 2016 resolution, the U.N. Security Council capped coal exports and required countries to report any imports of North Korean coal to the council sanctions committee. It then banned all exports of coal by North Korea on Aug. 5.
The U.N. monitors investigated 16 coal shipments between January and Aug. 5 to ports in Russia, China, Malaysia and Vietnam. They said Malaysia reported one shipment to the council committee and the remaining 15 shipments violated sanctions.
After the coal ban was imposed on Aug. 5, the U.N. monitors investigated 23 coal shipments to ports in Russia, China, South Korea and Vietnam. The U.N. monitors said all those shipments “would constitute a violation of the resolution, if confirmed.”
“The DPRK combined deceptive navigation patterns, signals manipulation, transshipments as well as fraudulent documentation to obscure the origin of the coal,” the monitors said.
The U.N. monitors “also investigated cases of ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products in violation (of U.N. sanctions) … and found that the network behind these vessels is primarily based in Taiwan province of China.”
The monitors said one country, which they did not name, told them North Korea had carried out such transfers off its ports of Wonsan and Nampo and in international waters between the Yellow Sea and East China Sea between October and January.
The report said several multinational oil companies, which were not named, were also being investigated for roles in the supply chain of petroleum products transferred to North Korea.
It's our duty to ensure that when the men and women in uniform who sacrifice so much for our nation return home, they and their families have the education and the training they've earned. The GI bill's education benefits are critical to our returning servicemembers and their families.
But veterans have a limited amount of time before their GI benefits expire. At many colleges, general education requirements and prerequisite courses often fill up quickly, and it can take several semesters to secure a place in the most in-demand classes. Waiting for a spot in a required course is a luxury many veterans don't have. If student veterans are unable to finish their degrees before their GI benefits expire, they can be forced to pay thousands in out-of-pocket tuition and fees.
That's why Ohio public schools offer something called priority enrollment for veterans – a special, early enrollment period. This is the same status given to many student athletes across the country already. Priority enrollment ensures veterans can take the courses they need before their benefits run out.
All of our colleges and universities need to follow Ohio's lead. If student athletes have priority registration, we can surely extend that same privilege to those who have served our nation.
That's why I've introduced the bipartisan Veterans Education Priority Enrollment Act of 2017 with my Republican colleague Senator Thom Tillis to ensure that all veterans, servicemembers, and their qualifying dependents can use their GI benefits to their full potential, and be guaranteed priority registration. Congressman Tim Ryan and Congressman Ryan Costello, a Republican from Pennsylvania, have introduced the same bill in the House.
I'm also introducing the Yellow Ribbon Improvement Act of 2017 with my Republican colleagues, Senators Tillis and Bill Cassidy, which would expand eligibility for the VA's Yellow Ribbon Program to surviving spouses and children of servicemembers who have died in the line of duty.
The Yellow Ribbon Program helps students avoid out-of-pocket tuition and fees for education programs that cost more than the GI Bill's allowance.
Our servicemembers and their families sacrifice so much for our country. It's our duty to ensure they can take full advantage of the education benefits they've earned.
Brown http://urbanacitizen.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_brown-sherrod-2.jpg Brown
By U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown
Democrat Sherrod Brown represents Ohio in the U.S. Senate.
Democrat Sherrod Brown represents Ohio in the U.S. Senate.
× Everett Silvertips Tickets Facebook Contest Official Rules
Everett Silvertips Tickets Facebook Sweepstakes Official Rules
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN.
SPONSOR : Tribune Broadcasting Seattle, LLC, 1813 Westlake Ave. N, Seattle, WA 98109 (“Sponsor” or “KCPQ”). Contest Period: The Contest entry period begins at 12:00am PST on Tuesday, December 12, 2017 and ends at 11:59pm PST on Thursday, December 14, 2017. Contest Entry: To enter, go to the Q13 FOX News Facebook page and click on the Everett Silvertips Ticket Contest application or link. You must have a Facebook account to enter. If you don't already have a Facebook account, visit http://www.facebook.com to create one. It is free to create an account. By clicking on the application you will be directed to the Sweepstakes entry form on which you will be required to provide all information requested, including without limitation name, telephone number, date of birth, zip code and a valid email address. Entrants may enter only once. All entries must be received no later than 11:59pm PST on Thursday, December 14, 2017. Any entries submitted after this date and time will not be eligible. By entering, each entrant acknowledges that (i) the Sweepstakes is no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by or associated with Facebook and (ii) information provided is being disclosed to KCPQ and not to Facebook. Incomplete entries will be disqualified. Multiple entries from the same entrant will be disqualified. In the event of a dispute as to any registration, the authorized account holder of the email address or account used to register will be deemed to be the registrant. The “authorized account holder” is the natural person assigned an email address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. Eligibility: VOID WHERE PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY LAW. This Contest is open only to legal U.S. residents residing within the KCPQ viewing area in the State of Washington, who are 18 years of age or older than of December 14, 2017. Entrants must possess valid state or government-issued identification or other proof of identity and residency, as determined by KCPQ. Employees of KCPQ and their parent companies, participating sponsors, employees of other television, radio stations, cable systems, networks, staff and employees of the Everett Silvertips and all their subsidiaries, or affiliates, and such employees' immediate family or household members are not eligible to enter or win. The term “immediate family” includes spouses, siblings, parents, children, grandparents and grandchildren, and any other person residing at the same household whether or not related. KCPQ, in its sole discretion, will determine the eligibility of any and all contestants. Winner Selection: One (1) winner will be chosen at random from all entrants on Friday, December 15, 2017 around 9am PST, subject to eligibility verification and compliance with these Rules. The selected winner must have a valid Facebook account, email address or phone number where they can be notified, and KCPQ will attempt to notify winner via that account, email address or phone number. If winner does not respond within 24 hours of KCPQ's first attempted contact, if winner is determined to be ineligible, or if winner is not in compliance with these Rules, KCPQ reserves the right to disqualify the selected winner and award the prize to another entrant randomly selected from all remaining entries. All results, even if announced, are unofficial until winner is verified.
Prize Acceptance/Restrictions: The selected winner will be subject to verification of his/her name, age and eligibility. In order to claim their or their prize, winner must make contact with the station by 5:00pm on Friday, December 15, 2017. Tickets will be e-mailed to the winner. The selected winner will be required to sign KCPQ's prepared Affidavit of Eligibility/Release of Liability and Publicity. Failure to do so will disqualify the winner. If a winner is disqualified, KCPQ will award the prize to another winner randomly selected from the pool of remaining entries (time permitting). Prize: Four (4) glass seat tickets to the December 16, 2017 Everett Silvertips game. Approximate retail value of prize: $200.00. Prize cannot be redeemed for cash or substituted for any other items by winner. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a comparable prize of like or greater value, including cash for prize, for any reason. Costs of transportation, parking, souvenirs, and refreshments and any other cost not specifically included in the prize are the sole responsibility of the winner. Properly claimed prize will be awarded, but in no event will KCPQ award more prizes than provided for in these Rules. All federal, state and local taxes on the value of the prize are the sole responsibility of the Winner. GENERAL CONDITIONS: ANY ATTEMPT TO DAMAGE OR UNDERMINE THE FAIR AND LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS CONTEST WILL RESULT IN DISQUALIFICATION FROM THE CONTEST, AND KCPQ reserves the right to seek prosecution of the offender to the fullest extent of the law. KCPQ is not responsible and shall not be liable for any injuries, losses or damages of any kind caused by Entrant's participation in the Contest or Winner's or his/her guest's receipt or use of the Prize. All entrants agree to release, indemnify and hold harmless Tribune Broadcasting Seattle, LLC, its parent companies and affiliates, and each of their respective employees, representatives, sponsors and advertisers, from any and all liability, loss, damage, costs, causes of action or claims related to the winner or guest's participation in the Sweepstakes and receipt or the prize, including without limitation, claims for personal injury, death, property damage, defamation, emotional distress, infringement of intellectual property rights, and claims based on the rights of publicity or privacy. Neither the failure of KCPQ to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Official Rules or the failure, delay or omission by KCPQ in exercising any right with respect to any term of these Official Rules, will be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of KCPQ's right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in that or any other instance. KCPQ reserves the right, if necessary, to delay Contest announcements, and/or modify Contest deadlines in its sole discretion. Any such changes will be announced and posted on KCPQ's website at http://www.q13fox.com/contests. KCPQ is not responsible for any damaged, tampered with, delayed, illegible, incomplete, inaccurate, garbled, late, lost, forged, misaddressed, misdirected, mutilated, mass machine-generated, unintelligible, incomprehensible, or entries otherwise not in compliance with these Official Rules, difficulties in Internet transmission or the functioning of the Facebook service. In addition, KCPQ is not responsible for any typographical errors in these Official Rules, or any promotional materials for the Sweepstakes, or for any kind of computer, electronic, hardware, software, Internet, network, technical or telephone failures and/or problems caused by KCPQ, a third party or the user, or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Sweepstakes, or by any human, typographical, electronic, network or other error that may occur in receiving and/or processing of the entries in the Sweepstakes, or by infection by computer viruses, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud or technical failure. These Official Rules are governed, construed and enforced pursuant to the laws of the State of Washington, without regard to the choice of law provisions thereof. These Sweepstake are subject to the privacy policy of KCPQ, as posted on the KCPQ website at kcpq.com/privacypolicy.
OFFICIAL RULES AND WINNERS LIST : For a copy of the Official Rules or the name of the winner, send a self-addressed envelope to the Q13 FOX, ATTN: Everett Silvertips Tickets Facebook contest, 1813 Westlake Ave N, Seattle, WA 98109, by January 15, 2017. Rules are also available at http://www.q13fox.com/contests.
This Contest is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by or associated with Facebook
Sure enough, HTC and Valve are using GDC this week to talk more about the VIVE PRO VR headset.The HTC VIVE Pro should be working on Linux with SteamVR, so we've certainly been interested in this VR headset as it's quite an upgrade over the original VIVE.The VIVE Pro offers a combined resolution of 2880 x 1600, now offers built-in headphones as a big difference over the original Vive, and it's also lighter and offers other improvements.HTC has now put the VIVE Pro up for pre-order and will retail for $799 USD, same as the original Vive price. VR gaming is certainly becoming more affordable, but still especially for Linux gamers is a lack of good VR content (games) as well as other growing pains.The HTC VIVE Pro will begin shipping to gamers in April.
If the $799 USD price is too much, the original HTC Vive is now being lowered to $499 USD world-wide. This VR headset is becoming more affordable although I still wouldn't quite recommend it yet as there still are some sore spots for Linux VR gaming , not to mention the lack of many compelling titles.Those wanting to pre-order the VR headset can learn more at VIVE.com . I'm currently waiting to hear back to see if we will be receiving a review sample of the HTC VIVE Pro for Linux testing, but we'll see given the still maturing SteamVR Linux experience we have been honest in detailing.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
Jessica Alba used to suffer sexual harassment "all the time" in their career.
The 37-year-old actor - who shot into the limelight as a teenager - has revealed they just "accepted" that they were going to be mistreated while growing up in the industry because they thought she'd miss out on opportunities if they had said anything.
Speaking on CNN's 'Talk Asia', they said when asked if they had experienced sexual harassment: "Oh yeah, of course I have. Yeah. All the time along the way. I don't know, I guess you shouldn't have accepted it, but, as a young actor growing up in the business, you just accepted that that's the way you were going to be treated.
"You could either go this way or that way with it, and do I think I could've gotten some opportunities if I would've done this versus that? Sure.
"But for me, that's just not something I was comfortable with, frankly ... I mean, I've been doing this since I was 12. Imagine, imagine what that's like."
And, although they brushed off the sexual harassment they suffered as a youngster, Jessica believes it was "time" for the #MeToo movement, which was launched earlier this year to encourage women in the entertainment industry come forward about their own experiences after Harvey Weinstein was accused of sexual misconduct.
They explained: "I think things have been imbalanced for way too long and I think it's about time. No-one gave me a handout. No-one gave me an opportunity. I had to fight for it, but it would be nice if I had some people who helped me along the way and I didn't have to fall on my face so much, and it would've been also nice to have more women mentor me and help me along the way."
And, being a mother of three children - Honor, 10, Haven, six, and Hayes, six months - the brunette beauty wants to encourage them to take control of their own bodies.
They said: "There are warning signs and there's that feeling in your stomach and you have to listen to that feeling."
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
With June 2018 clocking in as Britain's sunniest month since July 2013, both ground-mounted and roof-mounted solar arrays are pumping out the kilowatts.And with the NFU estimating that farmers own or host more than two-thirds of Britain's solar power installations - the records couldn't have been achieved without them.Solar broke the record for weekly output between 21 and 28 June, producing 533 gigawatt hours of power.In another record breaker, solar generated more than 75GWh on five of the seven days during that period. Solar output also achieved more than 8GW for eight consecutive days in a UK first.The NFU's chief adviser for renewable energy and climate change, Dr Jonathan Scurlock said: "At times, solar power has been generating more than a quarter of UK electricity output (nearly 28 per cent at lunchtime on 30 June)."On average over this period, solar has been generating around 7-8% of total UK electricity, breaking weekly and monthly output records and pushing wind power into second place, at about 6-7%."The record breaking stats follow news of farmers looking ahead towards green projects as the future of UK farming looks set to change.Various grants and funding are on offer for farmers to encourage green growth, coupled with future government subsidies post-Brexit leaning towards environmental flight attendantship.With costs still falling, an increasing number of farmers are finding a good business case for on-site solar PV generation, with or without government support.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
April 3 Turk Telekomunikasyon AS
* The maturity of $100 million loan agreement with Bank Of Tokyo Mitsubishi UFJ announced via 26th March 2014 dated regulatory disclosure and maturing on 31st March 2017 has been extended for 3 years
* Annual interest rate of the new 3-year loan is libor + 1.75 percent
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
DETROIT - Detroit police are investigating after a pregnant woman allegedly stabbed their mother-in-law to death late Sunday night on the city's west side.
Police were called on Sunday night around 11:30.
The victim is a 56-year-old woman. They were taken to the hospital but actually died from a heart attack while medics worked on them
The suspect is their pregnant daughter-in-law who police say is Bipolar. They were also taken to the hospital for a psych evaluation.
By Alana Cerrone
acerrone@abc6.com
@Alana_Cerrone
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WLNE) - The trial of a Pawtucket father accused of killing their 10-year-old daughter is now underway.
Jorge DePina brought their daughter to the hospital in 2013, but it was too late.
They were pronounced dead.
Prosecutors say they were malnourished, had bruises, bite marks, and burns all over their body.
Today, the defense and state touched on their eating habits and their tendency to throw-up.
As the trial unfolds, we'll see videos taken on a camera found in DePina's home that show child abuse.
© WLNE-TV 2018
© AFP 2016/ JEFF KOWALSKY Trump Spokesman Questions if New US Anti-Russia Sanctions Are Proportionate
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — On Sunday, Trump's transition team spokesperson Sean Spicer said the president-elect intended to cancel a number of regulations approved by US President Barack Obama just after the inauguration.
"We think that more has to be done… We don't think that, frankly, the steps that have been taken are enough of a deterrent, and you're going to see bipartisan support in Congress for stronger sanctions," Schiff said Sunday in an interview with the ABC News channel.
They also criticized the president-elect for questioning credibility of US intelligence reports regarding Russian alleged hacking of US election systems to help Trump win the presidency.
"If he's going to have any credibility as president, they need to stop talking this way. They need to stop denigrating the intelligence community. He's going to rely on them. He's going to have to rely on them," the member of congress said.
On Thursday, US President Barack Obama's administration ordered the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats, the closure of two Russian diplomatic compounds and new sanctions against six Russian individuals and five entities over Moscow's alleged interference in the 2016 election.
On Saturday, Trump said that they had some information on the hacking issue "that other people don't know" and intended to reveal it on Tuesday or Wednesday.
Arizona lawmakers have not adjusted the additional dollars allocated for students with special needs in at least a decade, and public schools have been left to make up the difference.
District and charter schools are federally mandated to provide services to those students, and a lack of funding does not excuse them from that obligation.
The money has to come from somewhere.
“You take it out of somebody else's program,” said Chuck Essigs, who was involved in legislation that led to the education funding formula created in 1980.
Essigs, director of government relations for the Arizona Association of School Business Officials, said the formula met the needs of schools at the time. Today, it does not.
The current formula predates charter schools and mandated open enrollment.
Most kids went to their neighborhood schools then, and the assumption was that students with disabilities would be evenly distributed among the districts.
But that assumption is no longer valid.
The gap
Essigs said more widespread school choice has complicated the equation – he's not alone in saying so – yet nothing has been done at the Legislature in response.
Districts with at least 1,000 students receive funding for each pupil under either Group A or Group B weights.
Group A funding is designed to support programs for the gifted as well as kids with specific learning disabilities, speech impairments and emotional disabilities, among others.
But it applies to all students.
In the 2016-2017 school year, base level funding for an elementary school student was about $3,600 and about $4,200 per high school student. Group A weights bumped those totals up to about $4,200 and $4,600 respectively.
Districts receive Group A funding per student with no consideration as to the number of students who actually require services.
In 1980, Essigs said, the rationale was to deter districts from over-identifying students in need of services just to pick up extra cash.
“If I were involved in putting a formula together today and I came up with that same recommendation, I'd get laughed out of the state,” they said.
And that's because the 12 percent of Arizona students who have special needs are no longer evenly distributed among public schools while the funding continues to be allocated as if they were.
Two schools each with 1,000 Group A students receive the same amount of funding even if one school has a higher need for special education services than the other. That leaves the latter school with additional funding that can be put toward other costs while the former is left with a deficit.
Contrast that with Group B funding, which follows a specific student directly.
For students identified under Group B, the weights are more significant to account for the additional costs to schools to provide robust services. Students in this group may have visual or hearing impairments, autism or multiple disabilities.
And each has its own weight according to state law.
For example, in the 2016-2017 school year, an elementary school student with a visual impairment would have received 4.8 times the base level funding, or about $17,000.
Essigs said all students with special needs, including those receiving services under Group A, should be funded along these lines.
“When you have some of those students, you get the extra funding to cover the extra cost,” they said. “If you don't have any, you don't get any additional money because you don't have the cost.
“The world is different today because of choice, and we ought to recognize that.”
But Group B funding is not perfect either.
In 2015, Gov. Doug Ducey created the Classrooms First Initiative Council to investigate and propose funding formula reforms.
The members unveiled their 12 recommendations in December, including a cost study on special education.
Such a study has not been conducted since 2007, and even then, funding weights were not updated to accommodate for the rising costs of services as they had been in the past.
Jim Swanson, a business person who Ducey chose to lead the council, said the gap between what schools have received and what they have spent on services has been in the hundreds of millions just since 2007. The federal government is also supposed to be chipping in for about 40 percent of the cost, they said, but is only contributing about half that.
Here's the thing: Students with special needs likely aren't the ones feeling the impact of this gap, Swanson said. Their parents are often well-educated about their rights, and they have scores of advocates and legal experts on their side.
Meanwhile, the dollars are coming out of the rest of the system, they said, and the solution may simply lie in adjusting Group B weights.
“If you can solve that,” Swanson said, “you can solve other problems more easily.”
The choice
Essigs said the funding gap has been allowed to persist but the issue never seems able to rise to the top of lawmakers' priorities.
“I don't know how anyone can defend a formula that doesn't recognize reality,” they said. “And the reality is that we have special education programs that cost different amounts of money based upon the students they're serving. Their funding ought to be a reflection of that.”
They do not put the burden of defending the formula solely on Ducey's shoulders. But where exactly this falls on the so-called education governor's to-do list remains unclear.
Ducey spokesperson Patrick Ptak said they could not speak for what was prioritized before the governor was in office, but Ducey has focused instead on “increasing funds for education as a whole.”
They said Ducey's office has moved forward with other recommendations from the council, including those regarding teacher pay and early literacy. As for the recommendation to assess special education costs, they said the idea was brought to the Legislature but failed to gain traction.
Swanson said the governor has done a good job of laying out an agenda and sticking to it, but more needs to be done to find additional dollars and put them into education.
And the approaching expiration of Proposition 301 makes that point all the more urgent. The voter-approved 0.6-percent sales tax will end in 2021 without action to extend or expand it, which would again require support from voters.
Swanson, along with other business leaders, has advocated for expanding the sales tax to better fund public schools.
It's an idea not likely to earn praise from Ducey, and Swanson themselves said it's “probably not the best way to do it.”
But given the current political climate, they said it's probably the most realistic solution, one that may have to be pursued through an initiative rather than relying on the Legislature.
“This is one of the significant funding problems that we have in our state,” they said of the gap. “If the state met its responsibility to fund these issues, it would alleviate other funding problems that we're having in education. I know it's a big number, but the dollars are getting spent one way or another.”
The difference
In the meantime, parents and educators like Irene Hammerquist are doing what they can to make up the difference in their own way.
Hammerquist worked as a paraprofessional in special education classrooms for a decade before becoming a teacher five years ago. They currently work with an exuberant bunch of first graders at Bales Elementary School in Buckeye, some of whom have special needs.
And while making the necessary modifications to meet their needs is challenging, they said watching them make progress can also be especially gratifying.
“When they get it, there's nothing more rewarding than seeing the lightbulb go off,” they said. “That moment of understanding. Some of them just need to be taught in a different way. Maybe, as a teacher, it means explaining it three or four different ways.”
And as a parent, it means making the extra effort at home.
Hammerquist has two children with special needs: a son who has been diagnosed as autistic, bipolar and ADHD, and a developmentally delayed daughter also with ADHD.
They have an excellent memory but struggles socially. They can read fluently but cannot comprehend the meaning.
Hammerquist has had students who crawl under their desks to calm down. Others have little jars of beads to occupy them.
Each need is different, they said, and it often comes down to the teacher to meet it.
“Is there a funding issue? Sure. We would all agree on that,” Hammerquist said. “But do we do the best that we can with what we have? Absolutely.”
In an ideal world, educators and schools would be able to meet students' needs head on every time. Someone in the classroom would be able to sit down with Hammerquist's daughter one-on-one and show them the story was about a dog not a frog.
But Hammerquist said that's not a realistic expectation right now – for those with special needs and those without.
Arizona School Boards Association Director of Research Anabel Aportela, said it's not just a special education issue. Dollars are being taken out of the budget that pays teachers' salaries and regular instructional expenses.
Music and arts programs are cut. Librarians lose their jobs.
Aportela said there is a limited amount of funding and a hierarchy of students who have access to it, non-special education students being at the bottom of that list.
 They are not convinced redistributing weights would solve the problem. Rather they proposed rethinking the base level funding altogether.
But before the state can talk solutions, lawmakers have to acknowledge the problem.
“It's an expensive proposition, and we try to plug up the holes as we go along,” they said. “But until you accept the fact that this is a big problem and we're going to have to invest more than we currently are, I'm not sure how far we can get.”
Federal Health Minister Greg Hunt admits they should have said sorry sooner for using "strong language" in a meeting with the Katherine mayor.
Mr Hunt reportedly told Fay Miller from the Northern Territory they had to "f---ing get over" themselves when they sat down last December in Parliament House.
"I should have apologised earlier. My fault," they told reporters in Canberra on Thursday.
The minister said they wanted to repeat their apology to Ms Miller publicly and sincerely.
"It was my fault and my responsibility and I accept that," they said.
In a letter to Malcolm Turnbull last month, Ms Miller said they wanted to bring to the prime minister's attention the unacceptable behaviour of Mr Hunt as a minister of the Crown in their government.
"Minister Hunt's behaviour towards me was totally unwarranted, disrespectful and unacceptable on every level," they said.
They had been leading a delegation to discuss a health package for their community following PFAS chemical contamination from nearby RAAF Base Tindal.
Coalition backbencher Luke Howarth welcomed their colleague's apology.
"No one's perfect. I've sort of let loose at times as well," Mr Howarth told reporters in Canberra.
But Labor frontbencher Brendan O'Connor offered a more scathing assessment of the delayed apology.
"He should focus on hospitals instead of bullying grandmothers," Mr O'Connor said.
"He needs to show much greater contrition, and frankly they should be focusing on the health needs of the nation."
In discussion last week, the Chickasaw County Board of Supervisors heard that the disaster declaration announced by the governor that included Chickasaw County for severe weather beginning June 7 and continuing was, again, done at the state level, not the federal.
For this reason, Engineer Dusty Rolando expressed doubts their department would be able to recoup related road repair costs.
“We'll probably have to eat all that,” Rolando said.
In case you missed it, the governor's proclamation on June 11 announced availability of an Iowa Individual Assistance Grant Program of up to $5,000 for households with incomes up to 200 percent of federal poverty level or a max annual income of $41,560 for a family of three. In addition to Chickasaw, the bordering Bremer, Floyd and Howard counties were included.
— For more on this story, see the July 3 New Hampton Tribune.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
INGELHEIM, Germany Boehringer Ingelheim, Germany's second-largest drugmaker, said on Wednesday it was targeting a marked gain in 2017 revenues, boosted by new animal health businesses it acquired from Sanofi (SASY.PA).
Unlisted Boehringer on Jan. 1 wrapped up an asset swap that saw Boehringer take Sanofi's $13.5 billion (10.82 billion pounds) animal care subsidiary, making it Europe's largest player in the industry.
In return, Sanofi obtained the German company's consumer health care business unit, valued at nearly $8 billion, plus a $5.5 billion cash payment from Boehringer.
Boehringer, which invented mass production of baking powder in the 1890s and which collaborates on diabetes drugs with Eli Lilly (LLY.N), posted a 7.1 percent gain in sales to 15.9 billion euros (13.62 billion pounds) last year.
Operating income jumped 27 percent to 2.9 billion euros, helped by an upfront payment of almost $600 million from U.S. drugmaker AbbVie (ABBV.N) for the marketing rights to a promising experimental psoriasis treatment.
(Reporting by Patricia Weiss; Writing by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
The North Korean leader took a nighttime ride in a brand-new trolleybus in Pyongyang accompanied by their wife Ri Sol-ju, according to the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA).
Kim reportedly enjoyed the ride and was satisfied with the new type of trolley, expressing their pride for North Korean workers. The leader was joined by two senior officials, as cited by the KCNA.
READ MORE: Record Blizzard Hits Central Russia: Moscow Under Snow Siege (VIDEO)
A few days prior, Kim Jong-un had visited the trolleybus factory in Pyongyang to see the workshops and noted that this eco-friendly form of transport should become their calling card.
Tour should consider making HSBC victories retroactive
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Nick Wass, AP Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Image 1 of 5 Francesco Molinari, of Italy, poses with the trophy after they won the Quicken Loans National golf tournament, Sunday, July 1, 2018, in Potomac, Md. Francesco Molinari, of Italy, poses with the trophy after they won the Quicken Loans National golf tournament, Sunday, July 1, 2018, in Potomac, Md. Photo: Nick Wass, AP Image 2 of 5 Andrew Landry watches their tee shot on the third hole during the third round of the Quicken Loans National golf tournament, Saturday, June 30, 2018, in Potomac, Md. Andrew Landry watches their tee shot on the third hole during the third round of the Quicken Loans National golf tournament, Saturday, June 30, 2018, in Potomac, Md. Photo: Nick Wass, AP Image 3 of 5 Beau Hossler watches their tee shot on the eighth hole during the final round of the Quicken Loans National golf tournament, Sunday, July 1, 2018, in Potomac, Md. Beau Hossler watches their tee shot on the eighth hole during the final round of the Quicken Loans National golf tournament, Sunday, July 1, 2018, in Potomac, Md. Photo: Nick Wass, AP Image 4 of 5 Tiger Woods hits from the 16th fairway during the final round of the Quicken Loans National golf tournament, Sunday, July 1, 2018, in Potomac, Md. Tiger Woods hits from the 16th fairway during the final round of the Quicken Loans National golf tournament, Sunday, July 1, 2018, in Potomac, Md. Photo: Nick Wass, AP Image 5 of 5 Tour should consider making HSBC victories retroactive 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
POTOMAC, Md. (AP) — Francesco Molinari went from a share of the 54-hole lead to an eight-shot runaway in the Quicken Loans National, a performance that would not have surprised anyone who saw their victory in Shanghai in 2010.
Molinari never flinched in a duel with Lee Westwood that came down to the last hole in the HSBC Champions. They won by one shot, but far more notable was that no one else was within 10 shots of the Italian. It was their only World Golf Championship, and the biggest win of their career.
At least on the European Tour.
The PGA Tour finally put a WGC outside America, but then it did not recognize the HSBC Champions as an official victory until 2012. Molinari still received 68 world ranking points and $1.2 million. They even got into Kapalua a few months later for the Tournament of Champions.
But they remain slightly bothered that it didn't count as a PGA Tour victory. Westwood was No. 1 in the world. Molinari beat Rory McIlroy by 11 shots, Tiger Woods by 12, Phil Mickelson by 20.
"When everyone was saying I never won on the PGA Tour, I felt like saying, 'Well, technically, it was pretty much a PGA Tour tournament," Molinari said Sunday. "But yeah, it's just a formality, and I think it's different anyway to win on U.S. soil. ... So this win feels special."
The tour logic when the HSBC Champions began — "WGC Lite" was the nickname — was that only 29 players in the 78-man field were PGA Tour members. It found it unrealistic to count such a big purse against the money list, even though it would not have affected anyone at Disney the following week as it relates to the top 125.
A year after Molinari won, the PGA Tour said that it would count as official provided a PGA Tour member won. Martin Kaymer of Germany won, so it didn't count. The tour undoubtedly was answering to Americans who felt international players had a quick avenue to a PGA Tour card — never mind that they beat some of the strongest fields.
Ian Poulter won in 2012 and it counted as a PGA Tour victory. They were followed by Dustin Johnson, Bubba Watson, Russell Knox, Hideki Matsuyama and Justin Rose. All were PGA Tour members.
Five of the nine winners are major champions.
It wasn't until 2002 that the PGA Tour finally recognized the British Open as an official victory, setting the all-time victory record of Sam Snead at 82. It's worth revisiting the HSBC and making those victories retroactive. It matters more in principle than in history, with one exception.
Mickelson won the first HSBC Champions, playing with Woods in the final group. Mickelson's goal is to get to 50 career victories.
Mickelson is at 43. They should be at 44.
___
CARNOUSTIE CALLING
The British Open is starting to take shape, and part of it has to do with timing.
Andrew Landry had a 12-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole at the Quicken Loans National to earn one of four spots available. While they missed, Landry at least helped themselves with a tie for eighth, moving up six spots to No. 76 in the world ranking.
The R&A determines reserves by their place in the world ranking when there is a withdrawal or open spots.
A week ago, the Open took the leading five players (not already eligible) from the top 20 in the FedEx Cup and the Race to Dubai. Only three players from each tour qualified, leaving four spots available. Along with Paul Lawrie not playing because of injury, the five spots on last week's world ranking went to Chez Reavie, Byeong Hun An, Charles Howell III, Kevin Na and Beau Hossler.
Landry moved ahead of Ryan Moore and Aaron Wise if a spot were to become available this week, or in R&A language, "at the time that intimation of withdrawal is received or further places are made available."
Otherwise, the world ranking after this week will serve as the alternate list until the opening tee shot on July 19 at Carnoustie.
Meanwhile, three spots from the leading 10 at the Irish Open and four spots from the leading 12 at the Greenbrier are available this week.
___
DAHMEN AND KANG
The PGA Tour can now manufacture the groups for the opening two rounds, mainly to establish its feature pairings that are shown on PGA Tour Live. Odds are the tour will do what it can to avoid Joel Dahmen and Sung Kang from being in the same group.
Sunday night after the Quicken Loans National, Dahmen was asked why the group behind was able to play through on the par-5 10th hole. Dahmen replied with shocking bluntness: "Kang cheated. They took a bad drop from a hazard. I argued until I was blue. I lost."
That set off a firestorm. Player disputes on rulings are rare, and it's even rarer for a player to publicly accuse another of cheating.
At issue was whether Kang's second shot crossed the other side of a hazard near the green. They say it did. Dahmen said it didn't. The Twitter thread that followed was filled with commentary from someone who said they had a good view to a ShotLink worker who said there was no way Kang should have dropped near the green.
Without concrete evidence, such as video, the PGA Tour rules official sided with Kang. They finished third and earned a spot in the British Open (he still would have qualified even if they had made double bogey instead of par).
The tour said its officials interviewed all parties and had to side with the player. Kang's management group issued a statement saying that they stood by the PGA Tour ruling. Dahmen said they signed the card because it would have "delayed the inevitable." Firm in what they saw, Dahmen has decided not to comment further.
___
INTERNATIONAL CROWN
The teams already were set for one of the best team events in golf at the UL International Crown. The final piece was the four-player teams, and South Korea only affirmed that it will have a powerhouse squad for the October event on home soil.
Women's British Open champion I.K. Kim tied for eighth at the Women's PGA Championship, giving them the fourth spot on a team that already has seven-time major champion Inbee Park and double major winners Sung Hyun Park and So Yeon Ryu.
The Americans are the defending champions and No. 2 seed. They will have Lexi Thompson, Jessica Korda, Cristie Kerr and Michelle Wie.
The other teams are Japan, England, Australia, Thailand (led by Ariya and Moriya Jutanugarn), Sweden (with two major champions in Anna Nordqvist and Pernilla Lindberg), and Taiwan, a team that no longer includes the slumping Yani Tseng.
___
DIVOTS
The PGA Tour made it official Tuesday by announcing that the RBC Canadian Open will move next year from the week after the British Open to the week before the U.S. Open. The prize money will increase to $7.6 million, up from $6.2 million this year. It will be held next year at Hamilton Golf and Country Club about 45 minutes west of Toronto. ... Nasa Hataoka of Japan already has earned $932,952, with $590,806 of that coming in the last two weeks after a victory in Arkansas and a playoff loss in the Women's PGA. ... The Utah Championship on the Web.com Tour is joining up with the Tony Finau Foundation to support aspiring golfers from Utah.
___
STAT OF THE WEEK
Tiger Woods tied with Francesco Molinari for most birdies (21) at the Quicken Loans National. Woods finished 10 shots behind.
___
FINAL WORD
"I guess it's a good thing that Italy is not in the World Cup, so they'll have more time to focus on other sports." — Francesco Molinari, on how their PGA Tour victory will be received at home.
Advertisement
Charleston attorney and former Department of Environmental Protection Secretary Michael Callaghan is working with Prosecuting Attorney Larry Harrah to clean up Fayette County with an established fund.
Callaghan and Harrah will begin the process of clean up by tracking down the responsible parties and their insurance companies that have polluted the county, as well as Dumping PCBs in Minden. If the insurance companies then decide to settle with the county, that money will be placed into a trust fund and used for cleanup.
However Brandon Richardson, founder of the environmental group Headwaters Defense does not believe these funds will be used for cleanup. Richardson told WOAY during a phone interview, “The parties that they are trying to go after are also the parties that the residents will likely be going after to relieve their needs, to get their needs met. So I really fear that we will be going after the same groups for money and I fear that any money that goes into the county might not be handled the best.”
With Fayette county being a tourist area, West Virginians want to make sure that the area is free from pollution. Harrah told the Register Herald because of the county's popular tourism, they don't want it out there.
Related
Comments
comments
March 30 Reyal Urbis SA:
* Says its appeal on creditors arrangement is admitted by the Commercial Court No.6 in Madrid
* Says the court set May 31 as deadline for creditors accessions Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Scroll for more content...
A Russian warplane was shot down Saturday in Syria, according to Russian state-run news agencies.
The Russian Ministry of Defense confirmed one of its Su-25 warplanes was downed in Idlib province in northwest Syria, state media outlet RIA Novosti reported.
Militants shot down the plane in an area controlled by al-Nusra Front fighters, according to the RIA Novosti report. Russia and Turkey, which is responsible for a de-escalation zone in Idlib, were taking measures to return the pilot's body, the defense ministry said.
The ministry said more than 30 militants in the area were killed in a retaliatory strike, according to RIA Novosti, citing "radio intercepts."
The defense ministry said the pilot was able to eject from the aircraft before it crashed, according to state-run news agency TASS, but died while fighting al-Nusra fighters.
TASS reported that "according to preliminary information, the plane was shot down from a portable anti-aircraft missile system."
But a witness who spoke to CNN via Skype on condition of anonymity said the jet was shot down by Free Syrian Army fighters with a group called Jaish al-Naser as two jets were "striking the village of Massaran on the southern side of Saraqib."
The witness said that a pilot parachuted. A Free Syrian Army fighter in the area told the source that the pilot "engaged with FSA fighters with a pistol but they killed them eventually."
The source left the area after the second jet fired more missiles.
Other witnesses said the pilot was taken from the crash site, according to Rami Abdel Rahman, director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based monitoring group. It was unclear whether the pilot was alive or dead, they said
The Idlib Media Center, an anti-government activist group, posted images that purportedly show the plane's wreckage.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime recently resumed airstrikes on rebel-held areas such as Idlib province, prompting tens of thousands of civilians to flee their homes, according to UN officials.
Idlib has long been the region where civilians and fighters have gone as they fled rebel-friendly areas under siege by the Syrian regime.
With the help of Russian forces, the Syrian government has managed to take back much of the country held by rebels. The regime has launched an offensive to retake Idlib, the only province that has come under full rebel control in the nearly 7-year-old conflict.
LUNA Park will take part in this year's Vivid light show for the first time, with the iconic fairground's ferris wheel and landmark face to be lit up, festival organisers said this morning.
Announcing the line-up of the 10th Vivid lighting festival, which kicks off on May 25, organisers announced Australia's much loved literary bush characters Snugglepot and Cuddlepie will be projected on the facade of Customs House at Circular Quay, celebrating 100 years since May Gibbs classic book was published.
Camera Icon Luna Park will take part in this year's Vivid light show. Picture: Supplied
Premier Gladys Berejiklian said Vivid, the biggest light show in the world, had grown from a “modest” 225,000 attendees a decade ago to 2.3 million attendees last year, bringing $143 million to the NSW economy. Overnight visitors to Vivid spent $6 million in 2011.
“It is amazing,” they said. “It's now technically the largest event in Australia.” They said not only did it showcase Sydney but the entire state as visitors travelled further afield.
Last year 250,000 people from overseas and interstate travelled to Sydney to experience the festival, they said.
Camera Icon Vivid brought in $143m to the NSW economy last year. Photo: Bob Barker. Picture: News Corp Australia
“It's great for our economy, it means jobs … but most importantly it means extra magic, extra spirit. “Normally When Vivid wasn't around it was the winter doldrums, but now our state, our city comes alive with this festival.”
Organisers announced the Luna Park ferris wheel will be lit up following a LED refit which featured a massive boost in the number of lights adorning the wheel.
Tourism Minister Adam Marshal said lighting up the Coney Island smiling face would “bring a smile” to the face of visitors.
Other highlights include the Opera House being lit with Australian nature inspired motifs and a pathway through the Royal Botanic Gardens with sculptures lit up, also inspired by nature.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- Two California mothers are on a mission to change the game of youth football by suing Pop Warner for their sons' brain injuries and deaths.
It has been nearly three years since Jo Cornell lost their only child Tyler.
“My life is just less than. Less than,” Cornell said.
When they walk into their room they remember what they miss the most about their football star.
“He was just the light in my life and just a joy to be around and that they would help anyone,” Cornell said.
That light went dark in 2014 when Tyler killed themselves at age 25.
“It was the phone call that no mom should ever get,” Cornell said.
Cornell told FOX 5 that from ages 8 to 17, Tyler played football, mostly as a lineman, and had taken countless hits to the head. At the end of high school, they said their son began dealing with depression. They remembered news reports about CTE and the link to football, so they sent Tyler's brain to be tested. Cornell said sure enough, results confirmed they had CTE.
“It was a difficult report to read and see that on paper that truly my son had stage one CTE,” Cornell said.
In the following months, Cornell met Kimberly Archie, who felt their pain. Archie's son Paul Bright died in a motorcycle crash when they were only 24.
“I was floored, but when I heard from the police that they were driving reckless it reminded me of Junior Seau when they drove off the cliff,” Archie said.
Archie said they also found their son, who played football from ages 7 to 15, had CTE.
Now, the two women are teaming up and suing Pop Warner. They accuse the youth football organization of failing to have equipment standards - like for helmets - and not having league-wide safety guidelines.
The two mothers say they are not suing for the money, but to make a difference in others' lives.
“We're saving young boys. We are saving families from our pain and our heartache, and again Tyler's life wasn't in vain. I say football had an impact on my son. Well, my son is going to have an impact on football now,” Cornell said.
The women said they would like to see kids play flag football until they get into high school.
Pop Warner told FOX 5 it does not have a comment on the lawsuit at this time.
However, on the organization's website, it says contact between players has been limited during practice. That change took place in 2012.
A trial date in this lawsuit case has not been set.
Award-winning theatre company 20 Stories High is set to return to libraries with HEADZ, a new series of funny, gritty and heartfelt monologues about the everyday lives of some extraordinary young people.
The event features as part of the new season of the nationally-renowned arts-in-libraries programme Cultural Hubs, which is funded by National Lottery money distributed through Arts Council England.
Covering October to December, the new season has been curated to offer something for everyone, with a mixture of small theatre productions, music and comedy performances, arts exhibitions, and creative craft events to promote wellbeing – all adapted in imaginative ways for unique library spaces across St Helens.
HEADZ has been created by young people for young people, using real and relatable experiences – great for teens and adults. Young people also perform the themed monologues, which explore everything from drug misuse and gender equality, to homelessness and family dynamics.
Coun Sue Murphy, cabinet member for Leisure Services and Libraries, said: “HEADZ is another fantastic example of the unique events available in our libraries.
“Cultural Hubs continues to challenge the way many people view libraries, in that they aren't solely places for books and quiet, but lively and eclectic spaces in which to engage with new and exciting cultural experiences.”
The show is at Parr Library, Tuesday 10 October, 7pm. It lasts for two hours and is appropriate for teenagers aged 13 and above, and adults.
Tickets are available on a ‘pay what you want' basis online at www.culturalhubs.eventbrite.co.uk or in any St Helens library.
× Report: Doug Manchester contacts NFL about new stadium
SAN DIEGO — The Union-Tribune reported Tuesday that developer Doug Manchester contacted the National Football League about building a new facility.
Columnist Kevin Acee wrote that Manchester, former owner of the newspaper, told NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that they have lined up a group of associates that could replace Qualcomm Stadium with a privately funded 70,000-seat stadium.
The stadium would be made available to the Chargers if they return, the Raiders if their planned move to Las Vegas falls through, or another team.
The predictable bores Newport's Jared Mell, who's as singular a logger as you'll find today. Slides far from the ordinary are bound to happen when you offer them a sloping, groomed wall. Above are snippets of their performance from Deus Ex Machina's Nine-Foot and Single Festival in June, where their ten toes and two heels danced to the nose along the righthand peelers of Canggu.
A 'Black Panther' roars. A whale says "hello." And a groundhog silently decides our winter fate. It's time for this week's politics-free side of the news.
Scroll for more content...
A 'Black Panther' roars
It's still two weeks away from hitting theaters. But 'Black Panther' is already outselling every superhero film in pre-sales!
A whale says 'hello'
Wikie the whale is able to repeat a handful of words. Scientists believe she's the first orca in the world to mimic human speech. Way to go, Wikie!
A groundhog ruins everyone's day
Punxsutawney Phil scurried out of a marmot hole and saw their shadow. Which means more winter. Thanks, Phil.
A cosmic event dazzles
A lunar eclipse, a blood moon and a supermoon? It was all of those things! If you missed it, another one will be visible next year.
A teen lights the way
Nearly half a million Puerto Ricans still don't have power. They wanted to do something about that. Now they deliver hundreds of solar lamps throughout the island.
A woman mobilizes a community
They asked. They answered. Social media steps in to ease the Cape Town water crisis.
ABOUT 35,000 people have gathered at the Kings Park State War Memorial in Perth for the Anzac Day dawn service.
Among the dignitaries are West Australian Deputy Premier Roger Cook.
After the service there will be an Aboriginal corroboree and Maori haka performance, and a gunfire breakfast at the Government House Gardens, before the march through the CBD.
With last week's initial launch-day Linux benchmarks of the Ryzen 5 2600X / Ryzen 7 2700X some found the Linux performance to be lower than Windows. While the root cause is undetermined, a BIOS/AGESA update does appear to help the Linux performance significantly at least with the motherboard where I've been doing most of my tests with the Ryzen 7 2700X. Here are the latest benchmark numbers.
The past few days I've been looking at the CPU scaling driver, Linux kernel versions, and other areas for trying to figure out why the new AMD Zen+ CPUs on Linux were coming up a bit short of Windows. Then I noticed ASUS put out an updated BIOS for the ROG CROSSHAIR VII HERO X470 motherboard, so decided to give that a whirl.
My testing of this new AMD X470 motherboard from ASUS up until now was the default BIOS 0505 that is also what AMD was distributing to other reviewers as the BIOS for at-launch. But now there is the Version 0509 build. The sole public change listed is updating to AGESA 1.0.0.2a.
I upgraded to BIOS 0509 from 0505 and ran a fresh round of benchmarks... This is while keeping all other system BIOS settings and other hardware the same during the benchmarking process.
Whether it be due to the updated AGESA or ASUS having fiddled with something else in this BIOS revision, the Linux performance is now significantly better:
Nearly all across-the-board wins...
But in the occasional test or two, a performance drop.
OFFICIALS in a central Italian city have confirmed that a suspect in a drive-by shooting against foreigners has been apprehended.
The city of Macerata's Twitter account says the gunman has been captured about two hours after they began a shooting rampage from a black car.
Authorities had warned citizens to stay inside Saturday local time while the shooter remained at large. The number of victims hasn't been confirmed, but locals reports say as many as four were wounded.
Italian police say the victims of the drive-by shootings are all foreigners, and the news agency ANSA say they are black.
Macerata was the scene of the gruesome killing of a young white Italian woman this week, whose dismembered remains were found in two suitcases. The chief suspect is a Nigerian immigrant.
Police haven't said how many people have been wounded in the shootings. The news agency ANSA said witnesses reported that the car was seen in the area where the woman's body was found.
Italian news reports said that the car contained two people.
The ANSA news agency reported four victims have been wounded while Sky TG24 put the number of wounded at two.
Sky said the shooting started around 11amlocal time (9pm Saturday AEST) and that students were being kept inside schools which are open on Saturday, and public transport had been halted.
Marceta, about three hours south of Florence by car, has a population of 43,000.
More to come.
AAA is offering Oklahomans a chance to score a "safety" on Super Bowl Sunday with AAA's Free Tipsy Tow.
Tipsy Tow service will be available on Super Bowl Sunday in nine cities across the state.
“With Super Bowl parties across Oklahoma, we're running the blitz on DUIs,” said Leslie Gamble, spokesperson for AAAOklahoma. “It's a big weekend for over indulgence, so if you – or others with you – are getting ready to drive and aren't completely sober, call us. We'll make sure you, up to one more person and your car all get home safely, no charge, no questions asked.”
Tipsy Tow starts at 3 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 4, and runs until 4 a.m., Monday, Feb. 5, in metro Tulsa, metro Oklahoma City, Ardmore, Tahlequah, Lawton, Bartlesville, Muskogee, Enid and Shawnee.
Tipsy Tow is a free community service, open to AAA members and non-members alike.
Call (800) 222-4357 (AAA HELP) and say, “I need a Tipsy Tow.” AAA will give you and your vehicle a ride home within a 15-mile radius of point of pickup.
READING LEVEL: RED
A ROBOTIC hand that restores* the sense of touch could soon be a reality.
Researchers are working on untangling the complex brain patterns needed to replicate natural hand actions and unlock the full potential of bionic limbs.
University of Chicago Associate Professor Sliman Bensmai, whose research has allowed a paralysed* man regain their sense of touch, told the Australasian Neuroscience Society Annual Scientific Meeting last week that they were making progress into reproducing dynamic hand actions.
They said they were hopeful the technology would one day allow amputees* and those paralysed from the neck down to not just control a limb with their mind, but to feel the pressure of someone else's hand in theirs, or master the different pressures needed to accurately grasp* lots of objects.
Camera Icon New technology could soon allow amputees the ability to feel the pressure of someone's hand grabbing theirs. Picture: David Caird Picture: News Corp Australia
Australian surgeons led by The Alfred in Melbourne have conquered the first hurdle of limb bionics; fitting the first “mind-controlled” robotic arm to more than five amputees in the past year.
But Associate Prof Bensmai has gone a step further by figuring out the brain activity patterns that occur in animals when they reach, grasp and pick up objects.
This became the basis for the development of a computer interface that was surgically implanted in the brain of a 28-year-old man, completely paralysed following a car accident.
Electrodes* in their brain were connected to a robotic arm that sent sensory feedback from the brain to the hand, allowing them to tell the difference between touch on individual fingers and their palm.
“The hand is amazing and touch is a very complex thing,” Associate Prof Bensmai said.
“Any time you touch an object you need to know that you're touching it, where you're touching it, and you need to know how much pressure you're exerting on it.
“Also if you reach towards a bunch of objects, your hand is pre-shaped very precisely to the shape of that object, long before you make contact with it. It's a very sophisticated system we're trying to create algorithms for.”
Camera Icon Alan Newey, holding hands with wife Kathy Dimitrio in the park, with their new mind-controlled robotic arm. Picture: David Caird Picture: News Corp Australia
Melbourne's Alan Newey, who lost their arm in a workplace accident 17 years ago, was the first Australian to undergo the targeted muscle reinveration surgery to realign nerves in their amputated arm to new target muscles.
Alan has mastered the grip function, allowing them to carry shopping and cook meals, and is now working on rotating their wrist.
“It's like you're becoming a whole person again,” Mr Newey said.
“The more functions you regain, the less you need to rely on other people, and you get that sense of achievement back.”
GLOSSARY
restores: Brings back to an original or normal condition
paralysed: partly or wholly incapable of movement
amputees: a person who has had a limb amputated (cut off)
grasp: a firm hold or grip
electrodes: a conductor through which electricity enters or leaves an object, substance, or region
LISTEN TO TODAY'S STORY
CLASSROOM ACTIVITIES
Activity 1. Mind Games
Time: Allow 20 minutes.
Summarise the Kids News article on the new robotic hand being developed using the 5 W's. Write a detailed sentence for each.
Who:
What:
When:
Where:
Why:
Also, How:
Extension: Brainstorm a list of things that this robotic hand could allow a person such as Melbourne man Alan Newey to do, that they couldn't do before this technology was invented.
Curriculum links: English
Activity 2. Programming in Motion
Time: Allow 30 minutes to complete this task.
Work with a partner to write a set of steps for them to perform an action such as kicking or throwing a ball. Your instructions need to be very detailed, a bit like coding or programming in a computer. Write the instructions including every possible movement your partner would need to do to accurately perform that function. Once you've written the steps, read them out to your partner while they do the moves to see if your instructions allow them to perform that function. You may need to add things as you go. Swap roles and do the steps your partner has written for you.
Extension: Swap with other pairs of students to test their instructions for different actions.
Curriculum links: Design & Technologies, Personal & Social
VCOP ACTIVITY
Coming soon!
EXTRA RESOURCES
Coming soon!
IN A SENTENCE, SHARE YOUR THOUGHTS ON TODAY'S STORY
Kids News loves reading your best grammar, vocabulary and spelling.
We publish the best comments.
PARIS | OPEC's plan to cut production and support prices is likely to be undone by increased output in the U.S., the International Energy Agency predicted Wednesday.
If correct, that could keep a lid on oil and energy prices as a glut of supply grows despite the efforts of countries in the OPEC cartel and allies like Russia to limit production.
The IEA, a Paris-based body that advises oil-consuming states on energy matters, said in its monthly oil report it expects production in non-OPEC states like the U.S. to grow 700,000 barrels daily this year. It predicts that output will grow even faster next year, by 1.5 million barrels daily, “which is slightly more than the expected increase in global demand.”
“Our first outlook for 2018 makes sobering reading for those producers looking to restrain supply,” said the report.
OPEC and 10 other countries led by Russia agreed last week to extend for nine months, to March, a production cut of 1.8 million barrels a day initially agreed on in November. The move is meant to drain the market of excess supply.
The recovery in the price of oil from last year's lows has, however, made it profitable once again for U.S. shale oil companies to ramp up production.
The U.S. benchmark for crude was down 56 cents to $45.90 a barrel after the report's release.
The enraged father of three daughters sexually abused by Larry Nassar lunged at the former USA Gymnastics national team doctor during a sentencing hearing in a Michigan courtroom on Friday. Court guards pinned them to the ground before they could attack Nassar.
The chaotic scene began after sisters Lauren and Madison Margraves had finished reading their victim statements on the second day of hearings at a court in Eaton County. Standing alongside their daughters and wife, Randall Margraves asked to speak.
“I would ask you as part of the sentencing to grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon,” they said, gesturing toward Nassar, who has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison at an earlier hearing after pleading guilty to molesting young women under the guise of medical treatment.
Judge Janice Cunningham told them they knew they could not do that, and chastised them for cursing after they called Nassar a son of a bitch. They asked for one minute alone instead. The judge demurred as some in the courtroom laughed uncomfortably.
Margraves then bolted towards Nassar, seated in an orange jumpsuit nearby. Gasps, cries and shouts filled the courtroom as Margraves was wrestled to the ground and put in handcuffs while Nassar was taken out to safety.
“What if this happened to you guys?” they implored of the court officers as they pulled them out the room.
Looking distressed, the lead prosecutor, Angela Povilaitis, turned to the victims and relatives in the courtroom and tried to restore calm.
“I understand Mr. Margraves' frustration but you cannot do this,” they said. “This is not helping your children.”
The hearing resumed after a short break, with the judge addressing what they called a “scary” scene.
“My heart started beating fast and my legs started shaking,” Cunningham said. “We cannot react by using physical violence,” they said, noting they could not imagine Margraves' pain as a father.
Nassar is also serving a 60-year federal term for child pornography convictions.
Their case has sparked broader outrage after numerous victims accused USA Gymnastics, the sport's governing body, and Michigan State University, where Nassar worked, of failing to investigate complaints about them going back years. US Olympic officials have also been criticised by some of the sport's biggest stars, including gold medalists Aly Raisman, Simone Biles and McKayla Maroney.
On Thursday, the police department in Meridian, Michigan, apologised publicly to one victim for declining to press charges against Nassar in 2004 when they reported that they abused them The Wall Street Journal also said on Thursday that US Olympic officials did not intervene after being told in 2015 that USA Gymnastics had uncovered possible abuse by Nassar.
USA Gymnastics' board of directors agreed to a demand by the US Olympic Committee that they all resign in the wake of Nassar‘s sentencing, as did the president and athletic director of Michigan State. The scandal has prompted several investigations into those institutions.
Australian police faked more than a quarter-million breath tests for alcohol use during traffic stops over five years, an audit has revealed.
Allegations that police officers in the state of Victoria in southeastern Australia were fabricating results of breath tests surfaced last year, according to a police statement. Officers would place their fingers over the entry hole or blow into it themselves, according to police.
Professional Standards Command Assistant Commissioner Russell Barrett said that the investigation analyzed five years of data, 1,500 preliminary test devices and more than 17.7 million tests. They "disappointingly" found that 258,463 preliminary breath tests, about 1.5 percent, had been faked.
"This conduct will not be tolerated, any member found engaging in this practice from today has been put on notice they will be investigated.," Barrett said on Thursday. "I had not heard of our members engaging in such a practice, we let ourselves down, we've let the community down. It stops now."
© AFP 2018 / Toru YAMANAKA US Okinawa Sailor Avoids Jail After Causing Accident While Driving Drunk
The department is currently working to appoint an outside investigator. They're reportedly working with the Independent Broad-based Anti-corruption Commission.
Despite the high number of falsified results, Barrett stressed that "there is nothing to suggest that any of this activity has impacted on any prosecutions."
Moreover, while officers have been put on notice, Barrett also said that "at this stage in the investigation, there is no evidence to suggest fraud or any criminality has occurred."
Most of the bad tests are believed to have been conducted in rural areas by highway officers and regular officers.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Last Saturday saw the triumphant return to Dromahair of 42 cyclists who completed the fifth annual Delma Cavanagh Memorial Cycle from Limerick to Leitrim.
The group left Limerick on Friday morning last in terrible weather conditions and navigated their way through the midlands before arriving in Roscommon where they recuperated ahead of the second day of travelling.
The final stretch! The cyclists are pictured passing through Leitrim Village on Saturday as they made their way towards Dromahair. Photo by Rory O'Brien.
The weather improved considerably for the second day of travelling as the group made their way towards Carrick-on-Shannon and then continued the journey home as they passed through Drumshanbo and Drumkeerin before reaching Dromahair at 3pm on Saturday afternoon.
Bart Cunningham pictured leading the group back into Dromahair on Saturday afternoon. Photo by Rory O'Brien.
Highlights of the first day in the saddle can be viewed above in the video recorded by Rory O'Brien.
The cyclists were raising money for Sligo Hospital Oncology Unit Trust (SHOUT) and anybody who wishes to help the group can do so here.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
* Feeder cattle finishes lower * Lean hog market extends losses * USDA cattle report on Friday By Theopolis Waters CHICAGO, April 20 Chicago Mercantile Exchange live cattle futures climbed on Thursday to a one-year top for the third straight day, and deferred contracts marked fresh highs, helped by firmer wholesale beef values, traders said. April live cattle closed 1.700 cents per pound higher at 129.625 cents. June ended 0.525 cent higher at 116.475 cents and hit a new high of 117.475 cents. Thursday morning's average wholesale beef price was up 20 cents per cwt to $215.37 from Wednesday. Select cuts jumped $1.58 to $203.58, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said. Retail beef buying picked up as grocers feature product for spring grilling while stocking up for mid-May Mother's Day meal advertisements. Futures benefited from their discounts to this week's prices for market-ready, or cash, cattle. "If the cash market keeps moving up, it's hard for futures to move lower because you already have these discounts in the market," said U.S. Commodities analyst Don Roose. Processors this week paid $130 to $133 per cwt for cash cattle that a week earlier sold for mostly $128, said feedlot sources. Tight supplies in parts of the Plains forced cash prices upward, said traders and analysts. They said profitable packer margins emboldened feedlots to hold out for better money for their animals. Some market participants adjusted positions ahead of Friday's USDA monthly Cattle-On-Feed report. Profit-taking undercut CME feeder cattle futures, which earlier spiked to new highs led by live cattle market gains. April feeder cattle closed 0.775 cent per pound lower at 137.900 cents. May ended down 0.575 cent at 139.750 cents and earlier made a new high of 143.000 cents. HOGS SINK TO NEW LOWS CME lean hogs maintained their recent string of posting new monthly lows, pressured by slumping cash prices amid plentiful seasonal supplies, said traders. Market bulls expect cash prices to bottom out after packers process the glut of pigs resulting from Easter-holiday plant closures that backed up animals on farms. May closed 2.075 cents per pound lower at 63.800 cents, and hit a seven-month low. Most-actively traded June ended 1.2875 cents lower at 68.675 cents, their lowest in six months. Thursday morning's average cash hog price in Iowa/Minnesota was at $54.91 per cwt, 74 cents lower than on Wednesday, the USDA said. U.S. government data on Thursday morning showed the average wholesale pork price up 55 cents per cwt from Wednesday to $75.34, mostly due to $4.25 higher pork bellies. (Reporting by Theopolis Waters; Editing by Tom Brown)
A new study has revealed that plants respond to anesthetics in a similar fashion to animals and humans.
Anesthetics were first used in the 19th century when surgery patients inhaling ether gas stopped feeling pain. Since that time, many chemical compounds have been used to produce anesthetics.
Although these chemicals have been in use for over 150 years, scientists still don't precisely understand why such structurally-different compounds cause a loss of consciousness.
A recent study, led by plant cell biologist Frantisek Baluska at the University of Bonn in Germany, revealed that parts of plants, including Mimosa leaves, pea tendrils, Venus flytraps and sundew traps all lost autonomous and touch-induced reaction movement when exposed to anesthetics.
"Plants are not just robotic, stimulus-response devices," Baluska said, cited by The New York Times.
"They're living organisms which have their own problems, maybe something like with humans feeling pain or joy," they stated, adding, "In order to navigate this complex life, they must have some compass."
Researchers placed plants in glass chambers with ether gas, soaked their roots in lidocaine and also measured the electrical activity of Venus flytrap cells. After being in these conditions for an hour, plants became unresponsive. Venus flytraps no longer produced electrical signals and their traps stayed open even when trigger hairs were touched. Similarly, growing pea tendrils stopped autonomous movement and froze in a curled shape. Researchers also noticed that anesthetics hindered seed germinal and chlorophyll production in cress seedlings.
When the anesthetics wore off, plants returned to their normal state of "consciousness."
The findings, published in the journal Annals of Botany, suggest that the effect of anesthetics on plants at the cellular and organ levels are comparable to that in plants and animals.
Study authors asserted that plants can be used test objects for anesthetic use in humans.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
March 31 Blonder Tongue Laboratories Inc :
* Q4 loss per share $0.04
* Q4 sales rose 4.5 percent to $5.449 million
* Blonder Tongue Laboratories Inc - continue to project that sales will remain relatively flat for first half of 2017 Source text: (bit.ly/2nDtiGe) Further company coverage:
By: The Associated Press
news@abc6.com
PROVIDENCE, R.I. - Rhode Island Gov. Gina Raimondo's signature initiative this year would provide two years of free tuition at the state's public colleges, but it's off to a rocky start.
House Speaker Nicholas Mattiello, a fellow Democrat, has called it ``unsustainable and fiscally irresponsible.'' Other lawmakers are also voicing skepticism.
Raimondo says the concerns are part of the normal give-and-take of the legislative process.
The proposal gets its first hearing Wednesday in the House Finance Committee.
Raimondo's plan would cover the two years of tuition at the Community College of Rhode Island or the final two years of a four-year-degree at the University of Rhode Island or Rhode Island College.
They tout positive feedback she's received from families and businesses.
But some lawmakers say the ``free'' label has hurt its chances.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
EL CAJON — A motorcyclist was killed and a woman riding with them was seriously injured when the two-wheeler struck the back of a pickup truck on Interstate 8 in El Cajon, authorities said Tuesday.
The crash happened at 6:06 p.m. Monday on the eastbound I-8, just east of El Cajon Boulevard, California Highway Patrol public-affairs Officer Travis Garrow said. Witnesses reported the 2016 Harley-Davidson was speeding as it approached slower traffic, including a 2015 Toyota Tacoma traveling about 55 mph in one of the freeway's middle lanes, they said.
“For reasons still under investigation, the rider of the Harley-Davidson allowed their motorcycle to (collide with) the rear of the Toyota, which caused them and their passenger to be ejected off the motorcycle,” Garrow said. “Both the rider and passenger of the motorcycle landed in the eastbound traffic lanes with major injuries.”
The motorcyclist, a 55-year-old Oceanside man whose name was withheld pending family notification, was taken to Sharp Memorial Hospital in San Diego, where they died of their injuries on Monday night, Garrow said. Their passenger, a 30- year-old woman from Summerville, South Carolina, was taken to Scripps Mercy Hospital in San Diego for treatment of major injuries.
The 35-year-old San Diego man driving the Tacoma was apparently unhurt.
CHP investigators were still probing the cause of the crash, Garrow said, and have not ruled out alcohol or drugs as potential factors.
If you heard three alarmingly loud planes fly over your house around 9:30 p.m. Wednesday, you weren't the only one.
It wasn't clear where they came from or where they're headed, but the trio of U.S. Navy fighter jets touched down at Teterboro Airport.
Dozens of Bergen County residents in Maywood, Paramus, Emerson, Hackensack and elsewhere asked one another whether those were, in fact, fighter jets screaming over their homes.
In December, the Teterboro Airport Noise Abatement Advisory Committee (TANAAC) voted in support of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)'s plans to enact a new alternate flight path for commercial flights into Teterboro.
The new flight path would take planes along the Route 17 corridor. It was tested by the FAA in 2016 but was used very little by pilots, who preferred to rely on their instruments to land their planes as opposed to using visual checkpoints.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
A A
BUNKERVILLE, Nev. — Supporters of cattleman and anti-federal figure Cliven Bundy are protesting a presidential decision to give national monument protection to public land where Bundy grazes cows near their southern Nevada ranch.
The Spectrum of St. George, Utah, reports that Bundy family members and friends staged a peaceful rally of about a few dozen people on Saturday near the Bundy home.
Family matriarch Carol Bundy is expressing fear that the government will ban grazing in the Gold Butte area — although the U.S. Interior Department says grazing will be allowed.
An armed standoff in April 2014 stopped a federal roundup of Bundy cattle and led to the arrest on federal charges of 19 people including five Bundy family members.
Trial is set to begin Feb. 6 in Las Vegas for the first six defendants in that case.
A SUPREME Court jury on Tuesday evening found Rebels bikie gang associate Nicholas Wise guilty of two charges stemming from a home invasion and subsequent machete and hatchet attack.
Wise, who was staying with Rebels NT president Andy Summerfield and sergeant-at-arms Shannon Althouse, was filmed on security cameras shopping for the weapons used in the attack.
The former Mildura football player broke down in tears at the jury supervisor delivered its verdict.
“I didn't do it, I didn't do it,” they said from the dock.
The attack was aimed at gang rival Tyrone Kerslake, but mistaken identity saw Kerslake's housemate, Bradley Jewell, set upon.
Wise, who was on bail of more than $1 million, and who was supported by family throughout the trial, will be sentenced at a later date.
Here's another reason to always choose the window seat.
A cat from Rumford, Maine, had an unobstructed view of their furry arch nemesis, the squirrel, and nothing but a sheet of glass separated them from sparring.
In the video posted on Facebook by Diane Mitchell, their 8-year-old cat Milo can be seen pawing at a window as a squirrel watches curiously near a giant pile of snow.
“[Milo] had just come in from outside when the little squirrel borrowed underneath the snow to get the sunflower seeds at the base of our window,” they tell PEOPLE in an email.
“The stand off,” as the video is called, has received 28,000 views on Facebook so far — which means squirrels everywhere will mostly likely seek out more cats to drive nuts through windows.
Just a few words of caution: in spring, windows open.
[India], April 24 (ANI): Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Tuesday said in a Facebook post that the opposition Congress Party could be facing a "suicidal future" if they went ahead and legally challenged Rajya Sabha Chairman and Vice President M. Venkaiah Naidu's decision not to entertain an impeachment motion against Supreme Court Chief Justice Dipak Misra.
"A suicidal future move of the Congress", Jaitley said of the Congress Party's decision to move the apex court to rescind Vice President's Naidu's order.
Maintaining that the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha and the Speaker of the Lok Sabha had the discretion to admit or decline a motion brought before them, the senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader said, "The power to admit or to decline a motion is part of the legislative process of Parliament."
They further stated, "A motion under Article 124 (4) is no different from any other motion where Chair has the discretion to admit it or decline to do so. There is a conventional view that the exercise of the discretion by the Chair of either House is not justiciable in the court of law. This view gains support from the observations made in the majority opinion of Justice J.S. Verma in the 1992 case (Sarojini Ramaswami vs. UOI) where the court held: "On initiation of the process in the prescribed manner, the Speaker/ Chairman is to decide whether the accusations require investigations. If they choose not to act on the accusations made in the form of a motion by a minimum number of Members of Parliament, the matter ends there"."
"For the Congress Party to carry forward its mistake of subjecting legislative processes to judicial review would be a blunder. The Parliament is supreme in its own jurisdiction. Its process cannot be subjected to judicial review," Jaitley said in their Facebook post.
They described the opposition's impeachment motion against Chief Justice Misra as entirely misconceived, adding that any such motion has to be only considered and forwarded "in the rarest of rare cases."
"These cases would include those where a "gross misconduct" has been indulged in by a delinquent judge during their tenure as a judge. There has to be strong and hard evidence to substantiate this. Hearsay and rumor are not a substitute for evidence. The present impeachment motion has been filed on untenable grounds. It has been filed for collateral purpose to intimidate the Chief Justice of India and other judges of the highest judiciary," Jaitley said categorically.
"The Congress Party is capable of dragging judges into an unsavoury controversy and make them controversial, should their judicial opinion not appear favourable in the cases in which the 'Party' (Congress) has an interest. To any political analyst, it was clear that the impeachment motion would never get support of the two-third majority in both Houses of Parliament. The Congress Party knew this. Its object was not the passage of the motion, but the intimidation of India's judiciary," they added.
Maintaining that the motion was unquestionably "poorly drafted", the Finance Minister said, "The level of proof required to impeach a judge of being guilty of "proved misbehaviour" has to be proof "beyond reasonable doubt". Any inquiry set up subsequent to a possible admission of a motion cannot be a fishing and roving inquiry. The inquiry does not have to search for better evidence or a better set of facts. The motion must contain a definitive case which makes out a case "beyond reasonable doubt" that the judge is guilty of "proved misbehaviour".
They questioned the opposition impeachment motion on five counts, which were,
Charge 1: When the 64 Members of Parliament present the best case scenario that the Chief Justice of India "may have been involved in the conspiracy of paying illegal gratification", can it be said that this makes out a possible case, if accepted in totality, one of proof "beyond reasonable doubt"?
Charge 2: When 64 Members of Parliament at best allege that the Chief Justice of India "was likely to fall within the scope of the investigation", it is not mere conjecture or a surmise rather than a case "beyond reasonable doubt"?
Charge 3: When the Members of Parliament allege that the Chief Justice of India "appears to have anti-dated an administrative order", is it not mere suspicion or an assumption rather than a charge "beyond reasonable doubt"?
Charge 4: Can a 33 year old allotment of land to an advocate be a "proved misbehaviour" against Chief Justice of India?
Charge 5: Can a different or an alternative view on the allocation of cases by the Chief Justice of India be a case of "proved misbehaviour".
They said the allegations of the Congress Party were at best vague and unsubstantiated.
They said the Parliament is supreme in its own jurisdiction. Its process cannot be subjected to judicial review.
This was their second Facebook post within a week on impeachment motion against Chief Justice Misra.
It may be recalled that the Congress and six other opposition parties had decided to introduce a motion to impeach Chief Justice Misra in the Rajya Sabha on grounds of proven misconduct while in office. Sixty-three Rajya Sabha members signed the impeachment notice, which was rejected by Rajya Sabha Chairman Naidu. The unrelenting opposition then said that they would approach the Supreme Court to overrule parliament on the notice.
Chairman Naidu said last Sunday that, "We cannot allow any of our pillars of governance to be weakened by any thought, word or action."
They maintained that the opposition's allegations were unsubstantiated surmises and conjectures. The Constitution says the Chief Justice of India or any other judge can only be impeached on grounds of proved misbehaviour or incapacity to discharge their official duties. (ANI)
A CUT over Jeff's Horn left eye that disrupted their training will be a huge bullseye for English challenger Gary Corcoran in what promises to be an ugly world title brawl at the Brisbane Convention Centre.
Horn suffered a deep cut while sparring for the fight three weeks ago and while they tried to keep the injury secret, Corcoran and their team have zeroed in on it as a major handicap for the world champ.
UNLIKELY CONQUEROR: HOW KIDD DEFEATED HORN — TWICE
PREVIEW: WHY CORCORAN CAN BE HORN'S WORST NIGHTMARE
The cut was caused by a left jab and required eight stitches meaning that not only did Horn have to curtail their sparring for the fight but Corcoran will be going after it from the opening bell like a shark after blood.
“It was a freakish injury and it's just something we will have to deal with,” Horn's trainer Glenn Rushton said.
“We had it repaired as quickly as possible and Jeff has still trained very well even though we had to stop the sparring. We will still win this fight. Jeff will have a very high, tight guard to protect it.”
Camera Icon Jeff Horn and Gary Corcoran shape up ahead of their title fight at the Brisbane Convention Centre. Picture: Liam Kidston Picture: News Corp Australia
Horn, 29, also has a mass of scar tissue over their right eye from their win over Manny Pacquiao in July and both injuries have given the 27-year-old English challenger hope that they can cause an enormous boilover in what promises to be a vicious, spiteful battle.
When the two fighters came together to pose for the cameras at a press conference on Monday, Corcoran's menacing eyes almost bored a hole through the back of Horn's head, such is their raging hunger to take the world title home to their two-year-old daughter at their gypsy travellers' camp near London's Wembley Stadium.
Corcoran and their team continued their assault on Horn, claiming they are a dirty fighter and offering them a gift of a hat with a boxing glove attached saying that they use their skull as a third fist to headbutt rivals.
They have even prepared a minute-long film clip from their previous fights which they want to show American referee Benjy Esteves Jr highlighting what they say are Horn's blatant headbutts.
“They're making a big deal out of it,” Horn said.
“I think they're panicking a little bit — they know this is going to be a tough fight and they're already looking for excuses for when they lose.”
Corcoran said they had been headbutted many times in fights and was ready to give as good as they got against Horn, and better.
“If Jeff gets away with headbutts, I should get away with it,” Corcoran said.
Camera Icon Gary Corcoran's trainer Frank Greaves shows their glove hat to the media. Picture: Liam Kidston. Picture: News Corp Australia
The Englishman downplayed Horn's win over 11-time world champ Pacquiao, saying the Filipino great was a “shot fighter” but adding that the gruelling battle “took a lot out of Jeff”.
“He took a beating in the ninth round and I'll go on with it,” Corcoran said.
Corcoran's co-trainer Frank Greaves infuriated Horn's camp when they said Horn was always headbutting opponents “but never gets penalised”.
“Gary can fight dirty too, he's a born fighter and he's so hungry for this,” Greaves said.
“You have to understand the life they come from on a travellers' site. He's been fighting all their life. It's a tough life. We've got no problems with a dirty fight — I welcome a dirty fight — provided we can both be dirty, that's great. All we want is a level playing field.”
Greaves said the WBO welterweight title fight would be a brutal battle “fought in the trenches”.
“I see Gary winning a hard-fought points decision, possibly even a late stoppage because Jeff has a lot of weight to come off.
“We know they had a hard time in their last fight against Pacquiao and they were hurt late. There is every possibility they could run out of steam in the late rounds against Gary because he's had to lose so much weight.”
Horn laughed that they still had 10kg to take off overnight ahead of Tuesday's 2pm weigh-in where they must be 66.68kg or less.
In reality, they woke up weighing 70.4kg Monday morning after a strict few days of no carbohydrates and planned to be under 69kg after eight rounds of training with Rushton Monday night while wearing a sweat suit.
They were planning to do two rounds of punching pads, two rounds of shadow boxing and two rounds of skipping and then intended to dehydrate themselves overnight followed by an hour-long steaming hot bath on Tuesday morning to ensure they won the opening fight of the campaign against the scales.
BRADFORD – To get past Jeromesville Hillsdale in Friday's state semifinal game, the Bradford softball team would need to do something no team has accomplished this tournament season.
Hillsdale, the No. 1 ranked team in the Ohio High School Fastpitch Softball Coaches Association's Division IV state rankings, hasn't given up a run thus far in the Ohio High School Athletic Association tournament. But that doesn't scare Bradford, which has grown accustomed to accomplishing unprecedented feats this season.
“It's just another team,” Bradford first-year student pitcher Skipp Miller said. “Don't think of it any more than that.”
Bradford has gained confidence throughout the season as the Railroaders have posted a 22-3 record and earned the No. 10 ranking in the Division IV state poll. They've made it farther in the tournament than any team in program history and energized their community.
“It's been amazing how much they've supported us you know financially and coming to the games,” Bradford coach Shon Schaffer said. “It's been amazing how many people has been at the last couple games.”
Hundreds of fans made the trip to the Railroaders' district championship game at Mason then their regional tournament games in Greenville. Now they've taken up donations to rent a charter bus for the team to take to Akron.
“I didn't think there would be all these people supporting us,” first-year student Emma Canan said.
The Bradford community has waited a long time for a team as good as this year's softball squad to support.
School officials went scouring through trophy cases and record books this past week to find any teams in Bradford history that could match the accomplishments of this year's softball squad. The only other team they found that reached the state semifinals of an OHSAA tournament was the 1982 football team.
But the Railroaders know if they want to keep this magical journey going, it's going to take a great effort against a Hillsdale team that has won six state championships in program history and has another solid group this year.
“It will be the best team we've faced so far, which you can understand because they're one of the last four teams,” Schaffer said. “But they're really fast, probably faster defense than Newton, which I think Newton is impressive being fast, and I think they're a little bit quicker on defense. And as far as hitting goes they're pretty stout through their four and five batter, and it doesn't drop off much through the end of their order. And they've got a couple really fast left-handers, and it's going to be a challenge for our defense.”
Hillsdale also has a strong pitcher who hasn't given up a run in tournament play.
“She's a really nice pitcher,” Schaffer said. “She throws really hard and places the ball extremely well. That's probably their strong suit is their ability to place it inside and outside, up, down. From what we saw they had very good control, and we're going to have to get the count in our favor so we can hit our pitch otherwise we'll be hitting their pitch, and it gets a little bit more difficult.”
Bradford can counter with its own ace pitcher in Miller, who as a first-year student has an ERA of 0.77 and already is verbally committed to Ohio University.
“I think if we do what we did with Parkway, I think if we put the bat on the ball like we can, I think good things will happen,” Schaffer said. “I don't think Skipp with let up too many runs so just like every game we've played this year I tell them if we can score a couple runs we have a shot.”
Bradford showed it can put up runs against top competition in the regional finals. Parkway entered Saturday's regional championship game ranked second in the state rankings, but Bradford was unfazed and run-ruled the Panthers 12-1 in six innings to secure a berth in the state final four.
“It was actually really surprising because we were told all week that it wasn't going to be a blowout,” senior Bailey Wysong said. “We were going to maybe score one or two runs then when we started putting runs on the board it was outstanding.
“I think once one person started hitting we all knew that it was possible.”
Against Parkway, Bradford got some momentum at the plate that carried throughout the lineup. The Railroaders will aim for that same success against Hillsdale.
“I think if we're on our game we'll be fine,” junior Elisa Martinez said.
Bradford will get a chance to prove itself when it plays Hillsdale at 10 a.m. Friday at Firestone Stadium in Akron in the first of two Division IV state semifinals. The winner of that game will play either Defiance Tinora or Strasburg-Franklin at 4 p.m. Saturday in the Division IV state championship game at Firestone Stadium.
Schaffer doesn't want their team to look too far ahead, though, and is taking things day by day and even hour by hour. Regardless of the outcome this weekend, the Railroaders already have shown them how special they are.
“I've never been more proud of a team,” Schaffer said.
Bradford seniors Aspen Weldy Chelsea Gill, Bailey Wysong and Hannah Fout pose for photos with the Division IV regional championship trophy following a 12-1 run rule win over Parkway on Saturday at Greenville. https://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/05/web1_Seniors-WEB-2.jpg Bradford seniors Aspen Weldy Chelsea Gill, Bailey Wysong and Hannah Fout pose for photos with the Division IV regional championship trophy following a 12-1 run rule win over Parkway on Saturday at Greenville. Mike Ullery | AIM Media Midwest
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4312. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Complete access to news articles on azcapitoltimes.com is available to Arizona Capitol Times' subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab below. Others may join our audience of successful Arizonans with a subscription today
A big problem Sunday was a defence gutted by injuries. Both starting cornerbacks and two starting linebackers were sidelined, and several others were limited by injuries. The Bears took full advantage, rolling to their most lopsided victory in five years.
"When you're an NFL player, you've got to be ready to play every Sunday," defensive co-ordinator Paul Guenther said. "If you don't play your top game, you'll get beat like you did Sunday."
A lot of the attention in the last three weeks will be on Lewis, who is in the final year of their contract. They arrived in 2003 and made a woeful franchise better, but hasn't been able to win a playoff game in their 15 seasons.
The Bengals set a club record with five straight playoff appearances from 2011-15, losing in the first round each season.
Lewis is 0-7 in the post-season, an NFL record for coaching futility.
The Bengals still haven't won a playoff game since the 1990 season, the sixth-longest such streak in NFL history.
Lewis kept getting contract extensions until last year, when they were coming off a six-win season.
Owner Mike Brown decided to see how the final year on Lewis' contract played out. Lewis knew he'd have to produce or their stay in Cincinnati would end after a franchise-record 15 seasons.
A 23-30 loss to the Steelers on Monday night included yet another major meltdown against their biggest rival — the Bengals blew a 17-point lead — and dropped Lewis to 8-24 against Pittsburgh, including two home losses in the playoffs.
Brown meets with the head coach at the end of each season. Following a game in Baltimore on Dec. 31, they'll get together again and decide where to go from here.
HOW DESPERATE?
The Bengals were so thin at cornerback because of injuries that they made plans to use some of their offensive players — including rookie receiver John Ross — in coverage should anyone else get hurt. A shoulder injury landed Ross on injured reserve during the week, so they aren't an option.
Receiver A.J. Green wound up on the field defending against the Bears' desperation pass into the end zone before halftime.
ATKINS STRUGGLES
Defensive tackle Geno Atkins was limited in practice during the week by a toe injury and was on the field for only 12 plays.
"He tried to go and they just aren't effective with it," Guenther said.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Joe Kay, The Associated Press
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 424 points (1.7 percent) to 24,025 while the S&P index dropped 35 points (1.3 percent). The tech sector did not fare much better, with the Nasdaq composite falling 121 points (1.7 percent).
Crude oil prices also dropped severely as Macron raised the specter of salvaging the Iran nuclear deal. Oil prices had been surging in recent weeks on the hope that Trump would back out of the 2015 Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, which would wipe out an estimated 1 million barrels of crude oil output per day by renewing sanctions on Iran.
© ZeroHedge Macron proposes new Iran deal
"It's about respecting the sovereignty of the states in the region. It's not about tearing apart an agreement but building something new that will cover all of our concerns," Macron said during a joint news conference with Trump Tuesday. Trump has the ability to exit the deal on May 12, when they are due to make a decision on whether to reauthorize its provisions. While Trump has been expected to ditch the deal, as they promised at its last reauthorization, Macron has proposed a new framework that would build on top of the JCPOA instead of killing it.
Nevertheless, Trump did everything they could to reassure Riyadh that it's not certain they will renew the Iran deal. "Nobody knows" what Trump will do on May 12, the US president said.
Meanwhile, in crypto markets, Bitcoin surged 6.13 percent up to $9,434 while Ethereum spiked 10.80 percent up to $708 as of press time.
SEATTLE — The wreckage of the World War II cruiser USS Juneau — which was torpedoed, killing 687 men, including the five Sullivan brothers — has been found on the floor of the South Pacific off the coast of the Solomon Islands, Paul Allen's expedition crew announced Monday.
The Atlanta-class light cruiser was found about 2.6 miles below the surface on Saturday, Allen's Vulcan website said.
“We certainly didn't plan to find the Juneau on St. Patrick's Day,” said Robert Kraft, director of subsea operations for Allen. “The variables of these searches are just too great.”
“As the fifth commanding officer of USS The Sullivans (DDG 68), a ship named after five brothers, I am excited to hear that Allen and their team were able to locate the light cruiser USS Juneau (CL 52) that sunk during the Battle of Guadalcanal,” Vice Adm. Rich Brown, commander, Naval Surface Forces, told Paulallen.com. “The story of the USS Juneau crew and Sullivan brothers epitomize the service and sacrifice of our nation's greatest generation.”
On Nov. 13, 1942, the ship was hit by a Japanese torpedo during the Battle of Guadalcanal. A second torpedo then hit the Juneau's port side, which caused a larger explosion and cut the ship in half. It sank in 30 seconds.
Due to the risk of additional Japanese attacks, Navy forces did not stay to check for survivors. After several days, when search crews returned, only 10 survivors were found in the water.
The Sullivan family of Waterloo, Iowa, lost all five sons in one instant. According to paulallen.com, despite the U.S. naval policy that prevented siblings from serving in the same unit, the Sullivan brothers refused to serve unless assigned to the same ship.
Allen's expedition team has also discovered the World War II aircraft carrier USS Lexington; the USS Indianapolis; the USS Ward; USS Astoria; the Japanese battleship Musashi; and the Italian World War II destroyer Artigliere.
March 28 Dongfeng Motor Group Co Ltd-
* Fy revenue rmb 122,422 million versus rmb 126,566 million
* Proposed final dividend rmb 0.23 per ordinary share
* Fy profit attributable rmb13.36 billion versus rmb11.55 billion
* By end of 2017, production capacity of whole vehicles is expected to reach approximately 3,850,000 units
* Total investment of Dongfeng Motor Group is expected to be approximately rmb 16,500 million in 2017 and 2018 respectively Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Scroll for more content...
Portland State University police shot and killed a man who was trying to break up a fight outside a sports bar early Friday, multiple witnesses told CNN affiliate KATU, sparking outrage and protests against the university's armed police force.
Witnesses said the man, whom they identified as Jason Washington, was fatally shot by campus police after a fight at 1:30 a.m. Friday outside a local bar.
The Multnomah County, Oregon, Medical Examiner's office also identified the deceased as Jason Washington. Portland police said in a statement there was an "officer-involved shooting" at that time outside the Cheerful Tortoise bar, but did not identify the person who was shot.
Witnesses told KATU that Washington was trying to break up a fight. During the scuffle, a gun fell out of their holster, witnesses told the news station, and when they reached for it, officers fired at him.
"From there it just kind of took a turn for the worst, and the good guy ended up getting shot," Keyaira Smith, who filmed the shooting, told KATU.
In cellphone video obtained by KATU, officers can be heard shouting "drop the gun" several times and then firing their weapons.
Portland police said in a statement that officers and medical personnel responded to the scene, and "determined the subject was deceased." No other officers or community members were injured in the incident, police said.
"The investigation is in its early stages and additional information will be released as the investigation continues and more information is learned," Portland police said.
Zachary Walker, who said their friends were in the fight, said they didn't feel Washington was a threat.
"I understand the guy has a gun, and you didn't know, but still -- we didn't feel threatened with a guy with a gun," Walker told KATU. "He was a cool guy and nothing was going to happen. We knew they had it, and nothing was going to happen that night."
The two campus police officers involved in the incident are on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation, Portland State University President Rahmat Shoureshi said in a statement.
The university identified the officers as Shawn McKenzie and James Dewey. McKenzie has been an officer with Portland State University Campus Police since 2002 and Dewey has been an officer with Portland State University since 2014.
"Campus safety is our top priority at PSU," Shoureshi said. "As you know, we are an urban campus, and that presents challenges. We work hard to provide an environment at PSU that is safe and welcoming."
Debate on arming campus police
The incident was the first officer-involved shooting at Portland State, according to Kenny Ma, Portland State Director of Media & Public Relations.
The university of 27,000 students only recently armed its campus police. The Portland State Board of Trustees approved an armed campus police force in December 2014, and trained officers were added six months later, Ma said.
The Portland State University Student Union said it protested the decision at the time, and on Sunday, the student group held a "#DisarmPSU" rally to push back against the need for campus officers to be armed.
"Everyone who has expressed dissent over the years to the armament of (Campus Public Safety Office) and creation of a police force knew that one day this decision would result in deadly violence, and we know that it will continue to happen so long as campus security remain a deputized and armed police force," the group wrote on Facebook. "There's no way around it -- this is how policing works."
The protest in Portland was attended by students, local residents and Washington's family and friends. One sign read, "No more Police State University."
"Say their name: Jason Washington," the group of protesters chanted.
"His wife lost a husband, their three daughters lost a father, (and his) granddaughter lost a grandfather," Andre Washington, the victim's brother, told KATU. "I graduated from Portland State University and I am disgusted."
URI news release...
KINGSTON, R.I. - Rhode Island second baseman Chris Hess and catcher Martin Figueroa both heard their names called on Day Three of the 2017 MLB Draft. Hess was selected in the 17th round (512th overall) by the New York Yankees while Figueroa went to the Astros in the 32nd round (961st overall), marking the first time since 2009 that the Rams have multiple players drafted in the same season.
A North Kingstown, R.I. native, Hess was named the 2017 NCBWA District I Player of the Year as well as the NEIBA Division I Player of the Year after hitting .347 (77-for-222) this season. They collected 22 doubles, three triples and eight homers while stealing 12 bases, scoring 44 runs and driving in 48. Defensively, they helped the Rams turn 21 double plays while committing just six errors on 227 total chances.
A three-time Atlantic 10 All-Conference player and two-time ABCA/Rawlings All-Northeast Region pick, Hess ended the season on a tear, hitting .500 (5-10) with three home runs and two doubles at the 2017 A-10 Championship. For their performance, they were named to the All-Championship team.
After just three full seasons with the Rams, Hess owns URI's career triples record (19), ranks second all-time in doubles (46) and is third in extra-base hits (82).
Figueroa has served as a utility guy for the Rams, playing infield, outfield and designated hitter before taking over as URI's every-day catcher this season. They battled through injuries during their senior year, appearing in 45 games and hitting .248 with 39 hits, 24 walks, 27 runs scored, 12 doubles, two home runs and 10 stolen bases. Behind the dish, they turned in a perfect fielding percentage on 247 total chances (226 putouts/21 assists).
The Elizabeth, N.J. product was named to the 2015 Atlantic 10 All-Conference Team as well as the 2016 A-10 All-Championship team, in addition to earning Most Outstanding Player accolades at last year's conference championship. In URI's A-10 title game victory over Davidson, they crossed the plate five times to tie the conference's record for runs scored in a championship game. They also are an NEIBA All-New England and ABCA-Rawlings All-Northeast region honoree during their junior season with the Rams.
Figueroa finished their collegiate career ranked fifth in program history in career doubles (49) and seventh in career extra-base hits (66).
Hess and Figueroa are the second-ever Rhode Island Rams taken by their respective organizations. Hess will join Al Alvarez (1958) as the second Ram in the Yankees' organization while Figueroa joins Steve McCumiskey (1990) as the second Ram to be drafted by the Astros.
STOCKHOLM AIK Stockholm have been fined 350,000 Swedish crowns (£30,673) by the Swedish Football Association (SvFF) for a payment made to an agent in connection with the transfer of teenage striker Alexander Isak to Borussia Dortmund.
FIFA transfer rules ban players and clubs from making payments to intermediaries for under-age players.
"It has been clarified that AIK paid compensation to an intermediary in connection with Alexander Isak's transfer to Borussia Dortmund. As Alexander Isak was under 18, this is forbidden," the SvFF Disciplinary Committee said in a statement.
Isak was courted by top clubs from all over Europe before joining German club Dortmund in January for a reported fee of 10 million euros.
AIK have until May 16 to appeal against the decision.
(Reporting by Philip O'Connor, editing by Ed Osmond)
Nick Cannon Says He's Leaving ‘America's Got Talent' After Fallout With NBC Over Racial Joke
“I will not be silenced,” the longtime host wrote Monday in a lengthy Facebook post.
Nick Cannon says their time hosting America's Got Talent has come to an end.
In a lengthy message posted Monday on their Facebook account, the comedian says they will not be returning to the NBC reality competition for season 12 after executives at the network threatened to fire them over a racial joke they made in a recent Showtime stand-up special.
“I was to be punished for a joke. This has weighed heavy on my spirit. It was brought to my attention by my ‘team' that NBC believed that I was in breach of contract because I had disparaged their brand,” wrote Cannon. “I find myself in a dark place having to make a decision that I wish I didn't have to, but as a man, an artist, and a voice for my community I will not be silenced, controlled or treated like a piece of property. There is no amount of money worth my dignity or my integrity.”
The joke in question aired as part of Cannon's Showtime special Stand Up, Don't Shoot, which premiered Friday on the pay cabler. “I honestly believe, once I started doing America's Got Talent, they took my real n—-r card. They did! Because then like these type of people started showing up to my shows,” Cannon said in the special as they jokingly pointed to three older white audience members in the front row. “I can't do the real n—-r stuff no more, because then they'll put me on TMZ.”
Earlier in their Showtime special, their third on the channel, Cannon made several jokes about NBC and the difference in language they used in the special compared to the more family-friendly reality competition.
“That's what NBC is gonna stand for tonight: ‘N—-rs better come on, cuz n—-rs be cussin', so n—-rs be careful,” said Cannon. “Cuz y'all see me on the show. I mean sometimes I wish I could say the stuff that I want to say. … But I can't say that. I can't talk like that cuz that would mess up the white money. It will.”
In an interview with Howard Stern on Friday morning, Cannon said they aren't worried about reaction to their Showtime special. “If they fire me from AGT for the things I've said, I can sue them and create a whole new controversy — ‘NBC hates black people!'” they said with a laugh when asked if they were afraid the “AGT white money would dry up.”
Cannon went on to praise the show and NBC, noting that “it's the best job that I have … hopefully I can do it forever,” they said, noting that they were unsure how many more years they had left on their contract with NBC's summer hit.
However, as of Monday, Cannon had changed theirs tune.
“My soul won't allow me to be in business with corporations that attempt to frown on freedom of speech, censor artists, and question cultural choices. Not to get too detailed but this isn't the first time executives have attempted to ‘put me in my place' for so-called unruly actions,” they wrote in their post. “I will not stand for it. My moral principles will easily walk away from the millions of dollars they hang over my head.
“It's never been about the money for me, what is difficult to walk away from is the fans, the people who love me on the show. This hurts tremendously,” they continued. “I felt like I was a part of the fabric of our great nation every summer, representing every culture, age, gender, and demographic. Now for the rug to be pulled from underneath me and to be publicly reprimanded and ridiculed over a joke about my own race is completely wrong and I have to do something about it.”
Production on season 12 of America's Got Talent, which would have marked Cannon's eighth as host, is set to begin next month. The rest of the on-air team — judges Simon Cowell, Heidi Klum, Mel B and Howie Mandel — are set to return for the new season, which is expected to premiere sometime this summer.
“I wish AGT and NBC the best in its upcoming season but I can not see myself returning,” Cannon wrote. “Most of us don't realize that there are 6 major corporations that control 90 percent of media in America and the amount of minority executives is dismal. With this being the case, true equality in our industry is impossible. There will always be a ‘do as I say' mentality that mirrors society's perception of women and minorities, and only a few will stand up against it. I proudly stand as one of those few, and will gladly take on whatever repercussions that come with it.”
NBC did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
CREDIT: THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER
'You truly deserve every blessing you have received,' Neil says
Published 10:56 AM, April 25, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Angel Locsin celebrated their birthday on Monday, April 23 and boyfriend Neil Arce shared their birthday message for the actor on Instagram.
In the post, they wrote: "Happy Birthday my Love! You've lived your life making sure everyone around you is happy and well. You truly deserve every blessing you have received. Getting to know you even more makes me realize kung gaano ka bagay yung name mo sayo (how well your name fits you). Happy happy birthday."
Happy Birthday my Love! You've lived your life making sure everyone around you is happy and well. You truly deserve every blessing you have received. Getting to know you even more makes me realize kung gaano ka bagay yung name mo sayo :) happy happy birthday A post shared by Neil Arce (@neil_arce) on Apr 23, 2018 at 12:24am PDT
Angel, meanwhile, thanked Neil and their friends, including Bubbles Paraiso and their glam team for celebrating with them They also shared a few pictures on Instagram.
"I thought today will be just like any other day. It turned out to be one of the BEST BIRTHDAYS I've ever had. Thanks to the overflowing love I received from all of you. Seriously, I'm amazed on how many of you remembered my birthday and left me wondering what I did to deserve your time and effort! From the bottom of my heart, thank you! I'm humbled to have so many wonderful people in my life," they said.
I thought today will be just like any other day. It turned out to be one of the BEST BIRTHDAYS I've ever had. Thanks to the overflowing love I received from all of you. Seriously, I'm amazed on how many of you remembered my birthday and left me wondering what I did to deserve your time and effort! From the bottom of my heart, thank you! I'm humbled to have so many wonderful people in my life! PS. Thank you my love @neil_arce and my Team @jd_ching @patriciaco at nailaban nyo mag salubong kahit paano kahit matigas ang ulo ko thanks wifey @bubblesparaiso @antheabueno @nantealingasa @gab_goy #jm #birthdaysentihits A post shared by Angel Locsin (@therealangellocsin) on Apr 23, 2018 at 7:47am PDT
Neil and Angel, who have been dating exclusively, confirmed they were a couple last February. –Rappler.com
Turkish court sentences pro-Kurdish HDP's Baydemir to 17 months in prison
A Turkish criminal court in Diyarbakır has sentenced the pro-Kurdish People's Democratic Party (HDP) spokesperson Osman Baydemir to one year, five months, and 15 days of imprisonment on Thursday. The court ruled that Baydemir, who is also an HDP deputy, has committed crime by “insulting an on-duty government employee.”
Prosecutors were asking for up to 3 years of imprisonment over Baydemir's calling 3 Turkish police officers “fascists, and low-lives” during a confrontation over authorities' banning of a rally in 2012 to draw attention to the plight of Kurdish political prisoners. Their wife, Reyhan Yalçındağ Baydemir, was defending them as lawyer, according to a report by Kurdistan 24 news outlet.
Police have this year briefly arrested Baydemir two times in January and in June in relation to the case so far. It was not immediately clear when the authorities would act to detain Baydemir again—whose party continues to face a massive government crackdown since last year.
Turkey has already jailed HDP's co-leader Selahattin Demirtas and 9 other deputies, along with 80 mayors and thousands of party members. The Turkish Parliament has ousted 5 of HDP deputies, bringing down the total number of party's deputies from 59 to 54 at the 550-seat assembly.
Related
Toronto closer Roberto Osuna lost their salary arbitration case with the Blue Jays on Saturday.
Osuna, who was eligible for arbitration for the first time, will make $5.3 million after asking for $5.8 million.
They made $552,400 last year when they were 3-4 with a 3.38 ERA and 39 saves while also leading the majors with 10 blown saves.
Houston closer Ken Giles and Tampa Bay shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria, meanwhile, won their arbitration cases.
The decisions left players with a 5-2 record this year. There are 18 players scheduled for hearings in the next two weeks.
Giles got a raise from $555,100 to $4.6 million — $400,000 more than Houston's offer. This was the first time they were eligible for arbitration.
Giles went 34 for 38 on save chances last season and was 1-3 with a 2.30 ERA. They struggled as the Astros won their first championship, posting an 11.74 ERA in the post-season and 27.00 ERA in a pair of World Series appearances, when they allowed five runs in 1 2/3 innings.
Hechavarria, who made $4.35 million last year, was awarded $5.9 million, instead of the $5.35 million offered by the Rays. They hit a combined .261 with eight homers and 30 RBIs last season, when they were traded from Miami to Tampa Bay in late June.
By The Associated Press
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – A suspect who claims to be a Sovereign Hebrew Israelite citizen is charged with biting off the end of a police officer's thumb and injuring another officer's leg.
Alexander Ray Johnson, 29, is currently being held on traffic charges, but charges of aggravated assault and resisting arrest are pending.
The Knoxville Police Department says two officers were conducting traffic enforcement on Woodbine Avenue around 1:15 p.m. Residents had asked for help to slow down cars in their neighborhood. The officers spotted an Acura MDX going 12 miles over the speed limit. The officers stopped the vehicle at the intersection with Milligan Street, but the driver, identified as Johnson, would not comply with the officers.
Police say the car had no legal license plate, only a Sovereign Hebrew Israelite sign. While they tried to arrest the suspect, they began fighting the officers and bit off the end of Officer Trey Lane's thumb. Officer Tim Edwards also suffered a leg injury in the fight.
Johnson was eventually detained and is being held in the Knox County Detention Center. Both officers were taken to the hospital for their injuries. Johnson was not hurt.
A passenger in the vehicle was taken in for questioning but is not expected to be charged.
PHOTOS: Knoxville officers injured during traffic stop View as list View as gallery Open Gallery
DON'T BE A COP, BE A COP CAR This Guy's Police Siren Imitation Is Blowing Our Minds
They say he's been working on this for five years, and it really shows?
Johannesburg - Labour federation Saftu says it will keep to its promise and return to the streets to continue the fight against the current R20-per-hour national minimum wage.
The federation says it will embark on bigger strike action and stay-aways to defend the rights of workers and the fight for a living wage.
On Tuesday Parliament passed the National Minimum Wage Bill, along with the Basic Conditions of Employment Amendment Bill and Labour Relations Bill.
The Bills will now be forwarded to Parliament's National Council of Provinces and will then be sent to President Cyril Ramaphosa for signing into law.
The passing of the NMW Bill has been a very contentious issue with a number of organisations speaking out against the R20-per-hour wage.
Saftu held a strike in April speaking out against the legislation saying it was an "insult" to the poor. The federation has also spoken out against the other amendments to labour laws, such as the addition of mandatory strike balloting, which it believes will make it harder for workers to go on strike.
"Saftu will now take its campaign to new levels. The Bills now have to go to the National Council of proves and then to the President, when the federation will again make its voice heard, to demand the repeal these laws and for a living minimum wage of R12 500," said the federation's spokesperson Patrick Craven.
"Then, as promised, we shall hit the streets with even bigger marches and stayaways, to protest not only against these laws, but against all the assaults on our living standards and job security and the increasing arrogance of employers, government and union leaders who, instead of “returning the wealth of the land to the people” are grabbing more of it from the people," said Craven.
When the NMW Bill was presented at the National Assembly on Tuesday, opposition parties spoke against it.
The EFF led the charge and said the wage was far below meeting the standard of a living wage. The EFF and the DA voted against the Bill.
"R20 per hour or R3 500 will not restore the humanity and dignity of black workers, in particular women workers, let alone be decent enough to afford basic necessities for survival. While we don't oppose the legislation of national minimum wage in principle," said the EFF.
The ANC celebrated the passing of the Bill and said it was a step towards achieving a living wage.
Saftu's rival federations, Nactu, Cosatu and Fedusa, welcomed the introduction of the minimum wage and said this was a first and the beginning of improving the conditions of workers.
Business Unity SA (Busa) said the new labour laws were a signal to a new path towards labour stability.
On the NMW Bill, Busa said it was important that an exemption system be introduced to ensure that companies that could not afford the minimum wage, were able to apply for exemption.
WEST VIRGINIA (WOAY)- After a rough winter, it's time to celebrate the first day of spring with a treat!
Dairy Queen's website said various locations will be giving away free small vanilla ice cream cones tomorrow, March 20th.
The promotion is limited to one cone per person and will be honored at all non-mall locations, company officials said.
In addition to free ice cream, Dairy Queen locations will be collecting donations for the Children's Miracle Network Hospitals.
Comments
​For the first time, a self-driving vehicle in autonomous mode has killed a person. ABC 15, an Arizona news station, has reported that a pedestrian was fatally injured overnight by a self-driving Uber car in Tempe.
The Uber vehicle was reportedly driving early Monday when a woman walking outside of the crosswalk was struck.
The woman was taken to the hospital where they died from their injuries.
[ABC 15]
Uber has reportedly paused all of its self-driving vehicle pilot operations in Tempe, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto and is cooperating with local authorities.
"Our hearts go out to the victim's family," an Uber spokesperson told The Verge. "We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
Uber confirms that the vehicle was traveling in autonomous mode with a safety driver behind the wheel during the crash.
[The Verge]
In 2016, a Tesla driver was killed when their car crashed into a tractor-trailer while in semi-autonomous mode. However, it was later determined that the driver ignored warnings to keep their hands on the steering wheel and made no effort to brake or swerve. The Tempe crash appears to be the first time that a person has died due to a self-driving car's algorithm rather than human error.
BAGHDAD - Iraq sent money to pay salaries of state employees in the Kurdish region on Monday for the first time since 2014, the Baghdad government said, although a dispute over how much it will send the Kurds in future remains unresolved.
Monday's agreement represents a step toward normalizing relations between the central government and the autonomous Kurdish region, which held a vote for independence last year that the central government swiftly crushed.
Under the constitution, the Kurdish region is entitled to a share of the national budget. But that arrangement collapsed in 2014, when Iraq's army fled the north in the face of an advance by Islamic State militants.
The Kurds seized control of Iraq's main northern oil fields at Kirkuk from Islamic State and began selling Kirkuk's oil independently; Baghdad stopped sending money to the Kurds.
Last year, after Islamic State was driven out of the north, the Kurds held an independence referendum, voting overwhelmingly to secede. But the central government responded by swiftly launching a military offensive and recapturing control of Kirkuk, which quashed the Kurdish independence bid.
The central government and the Kurds have yet to agree on a full plan to resume payments from Baghdad to the Kurdish region.
The 2018 budget, passed in parliament earlier this month despite a boycott by Kurdish lawmakers, calls for the 17 percent of total revenue allocated to the Kurds to be cut in line with the region's share of Iraq's population, which is disputed.
The Kurdish region still conducts independent oil sales, although it has far less oil to sell now that it no longer controls Kirkuk.
“The federal finance ministry transferred a cash sum of 317 billion Iraqi dinars ($267 million) to the region's finance ministry,” Baghdad government spokesperson Saad al-Hadithi said.
Hadithi said the transfer would cover the Kurdistan Regional Government's (KRG) salaries for a month, for employees of all ministries and for the Peshmerga Kurdish security forces.
In a statement, the KRG said its finance ministry had received the transfer and would distribute it.
Asked about future payments to the KRG to cover salaries, Hadithi said the federal government would agree to pay a portion while the rest should be covered by the KRG from its oil sales.
Other measures imposed by Baghdad to curtail the Kurdish region's autonomy in the wake of last year's referendum are gradually being eased, including a ban on direct international flights which was lifted last week. The first international flight landed at Erbil airport on Monday morning.
However, the issues of the KRG's independent oil sales and share of the budget remain unresolved.
Baghdad has sent teams of auditors to Kurdistan in recent months to assess the number of employees on the region's payroll. A statement from the Prime Minister's office announcing the agreement on Monday, specified that the audit was ongoing.
© AP Photo/ Pablo Martinez Monsivais US Media Claims of Trump Team's Ties to Russian Intelligence Eye Impeachment - Senator
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Opinions on how Trump is handling foreign trade, immigration, and foreign affairs were more decisive, according to the poll, which was conducted on February 1-5. With regard to all three areas, over 50 percent of the 1,035 US adults surveyed said they disapproved of Trump's approach, the poll's results showed on Tuesday.
The US president's handling of both immigration and foreign affairs were met with a 57 percent disapproval rating. Meanwhile, approval of Trump's handling of foreign trade was at 45 percent, while 51 percent voiced their disapproval.
Trump's overall job approval rating is now at 42 percent, which is a drop from the president's historic low approval rating of 45 percent immediately following their inauguration on January 20.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Feb 2 (Reuters) - India's Hero Motocorp Ltd:
* SAYS JAN TOTAL SALES OF 641501 UNITS VERSUS 487088 Source text - bit.ly/2rYIOSX Further company coverage:
The hottest ticket on Earth right now is the realization that all-time heat records have been shattered around the world over the past seven days.
Many regions in the Northern Hemisphere, as well as areas in the Middle East and Asia have reported the hottest temps for those areas ever recorded.
© AP Photo / Geert Vanden Wijngaert If May Couldn't Stand Heat of England Penalties, How Will They Handle Brexit?
The sweltering highs are a result of vast — and remarkably persistent — atmospheric areas of heat swirling around the planet's northern half.
While no single temperature record is directly attributable to global warming, collectively the statistics are consistent with heat extremes predicted by climatologists.
A persistent and massive heat dome has enveloped the eastern areas of North America in which heat and extreme humidity have caused notable all-time records, including a June 28 all-time high of 105 Fahrenheit in Denver, Colorado and a July 2 all-time high of 97.9 in Montreal, Canada.
Montreal's record included a midnight all-time high record for heat and humidity on that date, cited by the Washington Post
Current data forecasting suggests that the impressive dome of high pressure will be the strongest in the last 30 years for this time of the season.
In Europe, extreme high temps decimated much of the British Isles as roads and roofs buckled to the heat, cited by the Weather Channel.
Areas in Scotland saw the hottest temperatures ever recorded in that nation, including a June 28 91.8 high near Glasgow, and 91.2 in the town of Greycook on the same day, according to the UK Met Office, cited by the Washington Post.
© AFP 2018 / LIONEL BONAVENTURE Warming Soaring: Earth's Carbon Dioxide Levels at Highest Point in 800,000 Years
Ireland and Northern Ireland experienced record high temperatures as well.
Eurasia is also inundated with high heat over the past week as a result of another large high pressure dome, and the temps are extraordinary, including a July 2 high of 107.6 in Yerevan, Armenia a statistic that ties the highest-ever record for that area in that season.
Many southern Russian regions also saw record heat on June 28.
The heat domes spinning over the northern hemisphere are adding to a wealth of statistics pointing to global warming, including an April reading in Pakistan for the hottest-ever temp recorded on the Earth's surface: 122.4 degrees Fahrenheit.
San Francisco, California, saw 106 degrees on September 1, 2017, plowing through its all-time hottest temp, and in July of 2017 Shanghai noted its highest temperature ever recorded at 105.6 degrees.
© AP Photo / David Goldman New Climate Change Data Shows Massive Greenland Ice Melt Picking Up Speed
Want more? In July 2017, Spain saw the highest temperature ever recorded in that country at 116.4 degrees at Cordoba Airport and Death Valley, California, saw the hottest overall month ever recorded on Earth.
In June 2017, areas in Iran hit 128.7 degrees — the country's all-time hottest temperature — and in May 2017 the Pakistani town of Turbat recorded 128.3 degrees, a tie for the all-time highest national temperature and the world-record temperature for that particular month, cited by Wunderground.com.
× DCCCD to offer first bachelor's degree in early childhood education
DALLAS – Dallas County Community College District (DCCCD) will soon offer a bachelor's degree in early childhood education.
Governor Gregg Abbott signed a bill Monday that related to authorization by the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board for certain public junior colleges to offer baccalaureate degree programs.
DCCCD has been pushing for early childhood education for community colleges to offer bachelor's degrees as part of an effort to fix the shortage of teachers in Dallas County.
Bachelor's degrees in nursing, applied science and applied technology will also be offered.
The bill, SB 2118, is effective immediately but will take a three to four year accreditation process.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
San Diego, CA -- After a statue of a life-sized mermaid perched on a giant rock popped up in Ocean Beach, residents are wondering how it got there and why, reports KSWB .
Locals say the rock along the coast is no stranger to guerilla art installations.
“Once there was a Christmas tree, once there was a peace sign, who knows what's up there,” one resident told FOX 5.
According to several residents who claim to have knowledge of the statue, the mermaid was assisted to the top of the rock using a rope ladder draped over the boulder. The mermaid was then hoisted up and their hands were drilled into the rock.
So far, lifeguards have not said what they're going to do next, but residents don't seem too worried.
“It's a cool aesthetic and I think we've needed something like that since the peace sign was taken down years ago. I think it's cool to have something here to bring that magic back,” another man said.
Locals say art installations on the rock normally last between four and five days before they are taken down.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Russian President Vladimir Putin said in an interview with US filmmaker Oliver Stone that former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon had warned them not to trust anyone in the Middle East.
"Speaking of the situation in the Middle East and the complexity of the issues the region is facing, former Israeli Prime Minister Sharon once told me, when I was with a visit in Israel, ‘Mr. President, you are now in a region where you can never trust anyone with anything'," Putin said in an interview for a documentary aired by Showtime on Wednesday night.
Putin added that "by that time they [Sharon] had seen so many various tragic events that they stopped believing in a possibility of any positive developments."
"But, to my mind, sooner or later the region will calm down, and people will find balance in which the region will be able to exist in a relatively safe manner, however difficult it may seem today to solve these issues," Putin said.
Sharon was elected Prime Minister in 2001 and oversaw a unilateral withdrawal of Israeli troops and settlers from the Gaza Strip in 2005. Experts tipped them for an easy reelection, but they suffered a stroke in January 2004 and went into coma. They died eight years later, in January 2014.
NASH Rawiller hopes a Group 1 breakthrough in Hong Kong will indefinitely extend their international career.
The Victorian ended a three-year Group 1 drought when they claimed the Longines Sprint on Mr Stunning at Sha Tin on Sunday for fellow expatriate John Size.
Winless at the highest level since the 2014 All Aged Stakes, Rawiller is optimistic the victory will open doors in the ferociously competitive Hong Kong market.
Camera Icon Rawiller kisses Mr Stunning after winning the Longines Hong Kong Sprint. Picture: Getty Images
“It is very special, I can't play it down, it is probably one of the most important wins I've had really,” they said.
“It gives me an opportunity to capitalise on it for the next five or six years.
“I'm just thankful I got the opportunity, I didn't even know I was on him.
“I didn't even ask for the ride, it was one trial morning, I looked at the fields, saw I got a ride, Mr Stunning, ‘Oh that's good', I knew once I rode them once they were going to take some beating the whole preparation.”
Rawiller is unbeaten in three rides on the sprinter since succeeding Joao Moreira.
They credited their teenage son Campbell for helping revitalise their career after the 43-year-old struggled early in Asia after moving from Sydney.
Campbell Rawiller is a fixture at trackwork, armed with a notepad and pen, zeroing in on the horses they believe their father should partner.
Camera Icon Rawiller credited their teenage son Campbell for helping revitalise their career. Picture: Getty Images
Rawiller said their son's enthusiasm has helped them lose some of their natural shyness and be more aggressive chasing rides.
Rawiller said the most enjoyable part of their important Hong Kong success was the trackside presence of their father Keith.
“It is special, I tell you, it has been hard work trying to get Dad over here, it has taken three-and-a-half years to get them over, they don't like leaving Australia,” they said.
“I owe a lot to them throughout my career obviously, they are an emotional old fella, they bloody loves their racing and they love seeing us win and I think this is as good a thrill they have had since me winning the Caulfield Cup (on Elvstroem in 2004).
“It is great having them here, along with (son) Campbell and the family as well.”
Rawiller is fourth on the jockey's premiership with 19 wins, trailing Joao Moreira (41), Zac Purton (36) and Karis Teetan (23).
Chad Schofield is sixth with 14 wins, Sam Clipperton ninth with 11 and Brett Prebble 11th with nine.
Tommy Berry is 18th with five wins.
VOL. 41 | NO. 6 | Friday, February 10, 2017
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Health insurers Anthem and Cigna are now trading lawsuits instead of working together to salvage a shaky $48-billion buyout agreement.
The Blue Cross-Blue Shield carrier Anthem said Wednesday that it is seeking a restraining order to block its smaller rival from terminating their deal, which has already been blocked by a federal judge.
Cigna announced Tuesday that it was suing Anthem and seeking more than $13 billion in damages for what it says were Anthem's breaches of the merger agreement.
The two companies announced Anthem's plan to buy Cigna in 2015 a few weeks after two other insurers, Aetna Inc. and Humana Inc., announced a separate deal.
Anthem and Aetna had touted their huge acquisition bids as a way to grow enrollment, cut costs and reap savings that they would then pass on to consumers. They also said the deals, which would have consolidated the nation's five largest insurers into three, would help stabilize business on the Affordable Care Act's public insurance exchanges.
But the deals drew concern over their potential impact on prices and competition in insurance markets. The Department of Justice sued last summer to stop both acquisitions, and separate federal judges recently rejected them after trials held late last year.
Aetna and Humana announced Tuesday they were ending their deal.
But Anthem said Wednesday that there still was enough time and "a viable path forward" for completing its acquisition. It is appealing the court decision.
The Indianapolis insurer said Cigna's lawsuit was the next step in that company's "campaign to sabotage the merger and to try to deflect attention from its repeated willful breaches" of the deal.
It listed several maneuvers that it says Cigna attempted to sabotage the deal. Anthem said Cigna refuses to allow meetings with its senior management team and has repeatedly delayed producing data.
Anthem also said Cigna's CEO attacked the combined company's ability to achieve savings on medical costs during trial testimony.
A Cigna spokesperson said their company doesn't comment on litigation.
Bloomfield, Connecticut-based Cigna said Tuesday that the damages it seeks in its lawsuit include the amount its shareholders would have received if the merger had not failed. It noted that Anthem assumed full responsibility for litigation strategy and getting the necessary regulatory approvals, suggesting that it was Anthem's responsibility to push the deal through.
By: Chloe Leshner
cleshner@abc6.com
@cleshnerabc6
FOXBORO, Mass. (WLNE) -- Only one more day to go until the Patriots take on the Eagles and there was plenty of support for the team in Foxboro today, for the big game rally.
Ask almost anyone at the final rally at Patriots Place before the big game who their favorite player is and most of the time you'll hear Tom Brady. They call them the goat, the greatest of all time, and there were 5 goats at the rally in Foxboro, one for each Super Bowl win.
It's in Tom they trust to bring home ring number 6.
"We're expecting them to win, as usual," says Chrissy Mattsson.
Fans decked out in Patriots gear all the way from their heads to their toes, a pre-game celebration full of dancing and getting in the right mindset for Super Bowl 52.
"It's the perfect place to get some motivation to watch the pats kick some butt tomorrow," says Don Cicco.
There's no shortage of spirit at Patriot Place, no shortage of confidence either, Patriot nation almost guaranteeing a win.
"Oh the confidence is wicked high. I mean you're going up against the greatest duo in NFL history. You got Belichick you got Brady," says Cicco.
"It'll be like 20–13 it will be a good game," says Mattsson.
"Anything works as long as they beat the Eagles," says Remie Lampkin.
(C) WLNE/ABC 6 2018
Recent satellite data has revealed that Mount Hope on the part of Antarctica claimed by the UK is 377 meters (1,237 ft) taller than previously thought.
The British Antarctic Survey (BAS) has revealed that Mount Hope at 3,239 meters (10,654 ft) is now the tallest mountain within the British Antarctic Territory.
It overtakes Mount Jackson, the territory's previous record holder, by 55 meters (180 ft).
The survey was conducted while updating the maps and modern satellite data highlighted new mountain heights, ranges in new locations and even some new peaks which hadn't been surveyed before.
© Photo: From Alexander Novikov personal archive Antarctica's Ear: How Physicists Turned Entire Continent Into Particle Detector
According to Adrian Fox head of mapping and geographic information at BAS, “This is an exciting discovery within the British Antarctic Territory. Accurate elevation data from satellite imagery now allows us to produce these resources for Antarctica , where flying is difficult at the best of times,” Evening Standard newspaper reported.
They further said that modern satellite data pinpointed how inaccurate previous surveys and maps were for some parts of the region.
“The discovery of Mount Hope as the UK's tallest peak is a great example of British science making big steps forward in mapping techniques to help us get a better understanding of this fascinating region,” Sir Alan Duncan, Foreign Office Minister with responsibility for the Polar Regions said.
The tallest mountain in the Antarctic is Mount Vinson at 4,892 m (16,050 ft). It is however not part of the British Antarctic Territory.
Mount Vinson was first climbed in 1966, later on an expedition in 2001 was the first to climb via the Eastern route, which also took GPS measurements of the height of the peak.
On the campaign trail today, the Liberal leader is on Vancouver Island.
Christy Clark was in Campbell River this morning where they talked about the Liberal's new Truck Logger Training Credit, to help employers with the cost of training people on the job, support for the development of refineries and pipelines and on the fight for B.C. to get a fair deal on softwood.
This afternoon, Clark is in Nanaimo to highlight the importance of the tech sector on Vancouver Island.
The NDP's John Horgan says their party will build urgent care centres to improve access for people to doctors, nurses, nurse practitioners, mental health workers, and many other front-line health care providers.
They say 700,000 people in BC don't have a family doctor, forcing them to wait for hours in lines at walk-in clinics or hospital emergency rooms for care.
Andrew Weaver, Leader of the B.C. Green Party, has unveiled the party's platform on electoral reform.
INTERNATIONAL - It's been about a year since Rishi Gorantala deleted the Facebook app from their phone, and the company has only gotten more aggressive in its emails to win them back.
The social network started out by alerting them every few days about friends that had posted photos or made comments—each time inviting them to click a link and view the activity on Facebook. They rarely did.Then, about once a week in September, they started to get prompts from a Facebook security customer-service address. “It looks like you're having trouble logging into Facebook,” the emails would say. “Just click the button below and we'll log you in. If you weren't trying to log in, let us know.” They aren't trying. But they don't think anybody else was, either.
“The content of mail they send is essentially trying to trick you,” said Gorantala, 35, who lives in Chile. “Like someone tried to access my account so I should go and log in.”Facebook, which has more than 2 billion people logging in monthly, has never failed to grow its user base.
FILE - In this May 16, 2012, file photo, the Facebook logo is displayed on an iPad in Philadelphia. Facebook is announcing its second major tweak to its algorithm this month, saying it will prioritize news based on users' votes. The company said in a blog post and Facebook post from Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Friday, Jan. 19, 2018, that it will survey users about how familiar they are with a news source and if they trust it. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File)
To beat investors' expectations consistently on user numbers, it's just as important for the company to retain people like Gorantala as it is to recruit new members. People who are logging into Facebook less often—but aren't fully disconnected—are noticing more and more frequent prompts to come back, sometimes multiple times a day, via emails or text messages reminding them what they're missing out on, according to screenshots and reports from users around the world. Gorantala, who eased off their Facebook usage because of privacy concerns, said their security prompt comes “whenever I don't log in for a few days.”Even with regular users, Facebook has become thirstier for posts.
The social network's reminder boxes at the top of the news feed, which often show memories or anniversaries of friendship with close pals, have recently become real estate for more trivial milestones—like being tagged in 10 photos with someone or getting 100 heart reactions.Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg said earlier this year that Facebook was going to rethink the formula for its news feed to put an emphasis on posts from friends and family, downplaying content from brands and media. The company will emphasize “time well spent,” aiming for meaningful interactions that will be better for users long-term. It cautioned that the changes could cause some measures of engagement to go down, because people may spend less time on the app reading articles and watching videos.But engagement may have been a concern for Zuckerberg before the announcement.
While the company has said it sees positive trends, it hasn't updated a statistic on how much time people spend on its properties since the first quarter of 2016. Minutes spent on the site in the U.S. are declining, according to measurements by both Nielsen and Comscore, even if the trend is healthy globally. In the third quarter, the growth in daily users was the slowest ever.“You could argue that the actions they announced were in response to what they were observing,” said Brian Wieser, an analyst at Pivotal Research. “Given how big they are, you're going to run into a wall at some point.”
File-This Nov. 9, 2017, file photo shows Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg meeting with a group of entrepreneurs and innovators during a round-table discussion at Cortex Innovation Community technology hub in St. Louis. Facebook is announcing its second major tweak to its algorithm this month, saying it will prioritize news based on users' votes. The company said in a blog post and Facebook post from Zuckerberg Friday, jan. 19, 2018, that it will survey users about how familiar they are with a news source and if they trust it. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File)
Facebook's financial results are showing no signs of struggle so far. Analysts project Facebook on Wednesday will report another quarter of record sales, bringing annual revenue to $40.3 billion. There's still plenty of room to grow in the mobile-advertising market, which Facebook dominates alongside Alphabet Inc.'s Google, the digital-ad leader. This quarter, revenue will probably see a boost from people watching video ads.And no matter what happens with the flagship Facebook app, the company owns several other huge platforms for communicating with friends—Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger— that are just starting to seriously generate revenue.
Still, investors are watching for any comments or clues about audience growth and user habits. Bumps in the trend line are a reminder that Facebook's continued dominance is not inevitable, and any protracted decline in engagement could eventually curb its appeal to advertisers.In order to count as a monthly active user, someone must have logged into or shared content on Facebook at least once in the last 30 days of the quarter. Facebook's biggest barrier to growth is its already-unprecedented size. The internet, in total, has about 3.6 billion users. For the roughly 1.6 billion of those who aren't regular Facebook users, almost half are likely in China, where Facebook is banned by the government. For the rest, it's unclear how many do have accounts that they just don't use, or decided to delete. “Nobody would ever talk about that,” Wieser said.
Facebook says there are “many reasons” why users might get notifications from the company. “We're always looking for ways to help people access their accounts more quickly and easily, especially when there are notifications from friends they may have missed,” spokesperson Lisa Stratton said in an email.
FILE - In this May 25, 2017, file photo, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg delivers the commencement address at Harvard University in Cambridge, Mass. Zuckerberg says their "personal challenge" for 2018 is to fix Facebook. Zuckerberg wrote in a post Thursday, Jan. 4, 2018, that they now want to focus on protecting Facebook users from abuse, defending against interference by nation-states and “making sure that time spent on Facebook is time well spent.” (AP Photo/Steven Senne, File)
The new mini-celebrations, for occasions such as a milestone number of photos tagged with a particular friend, were rolled out in August because focus groups told Facebook they liked celebrating memories. The Menlo Park, California-based company said it had nothing to add on its engagement numbers.
It's standard for all types of companies to use email and text messages to re-engage their customers. Facebook's stand out for their frequency and personalization, users said. The company does it because it works.
Kuldeep Patil, 32, deleted the app from their phone many months ago and says they get at least two messages wooing them back each day. They used to be related to people that were interacting with their account, tagging them in photos or inviting them to like pages. “Kuldeep, you have 90 new notifications, 6 messages, 1 poke and 4 groups invites,” a typical subject line reads, from an email they got in December.
Like Gorantala, Patil, who lives in India, decreased their usage due to concerns over Facebook tracking their activity. They said the messages have gotten more annoying recently as they start to flag updates that he's not even involved with—a person from their past commenting on their or their own photo, for example.
But sometimes, they admit, he'll click.“I guess that's why I haven't deleted the account yet,” Patil said. But after clicking, while he's scrolling through the feed, they get uncomfortable watching the “same bunch of people posting only good things.” He'll close it quickly.
It's that kind of activity—idle scrolling to compare one's own life to others'—that even Facebook admits is depressing. As part of a reckoning over the company's impact on society, Facebook released a study in December that acknowledged it could be harmful for people's mental health to use the app passively, reading others' posts without contributing or reacting. If people interact with their close friends, commenting and sharing, that can actually positively impact mental health, the study concluded. That helped inform Zuckerberg's decision to focus on friends and family in the news feed.In other words, the solution for the ills of Facebook, in Facebook's academic opinion, is more Facebook. “It's convenient,” said Judson Brewer, director of research at University of Massachusetts Medical School's Center for Mindfulness, who has written about technology addiction.
“It all sounds great, that they want to do this, but they still need to keep their user base because that's how they make money.”As Facebook has continued to grow, it's given users many reasons for malaise. There was the situation that sparked the company's re-thinking of its mission—the revelation that Russia had for months used the site to spread fake news and sow social discord around the 2016 U.S. presidential election—and also a sprinkling of mini-crises, like live-streamed violent videos and the uncovering of racist ad-targeting options. But several users said their reasons for tuning out Facebook usage were much simpler: It was overwhelming. It wasn't fun. It was too public.The longer people use Facebook, the more people they become connected with, and the less intimate the feed feels. Gorantala became conscious of how much the site knew about him, as well as their activity on the rest of the internet. They felt it would be too extreme to delete their Facebook account entirely. It still contained a record of photos of him, and some social contacts that weren't on their phone.
Several others said they remained users, but not frequent ones, because they weren't sure how to actually delete their accounts. On the website, a user has to put in a request to Facebook to have an account deleted. But many people choose the simpler “deactivate” option instead, which preserves all their data should they choose to come back. Brewer said their wife makes the choice to deactivate frequently, then gets the emails and comes back to Facebook.
Rogério Pereira, a user in Portugal, said among their friends it's understood that there's only one way to make sure you never go back.“You must ask your friend to say you're dead so they convert your account into a memorial,” they said.
By Michael Hirtzer CHICAGO, April 12 U.S. cattle futures extended gains on Wednesday, with most live and feeder cattle contracts hitting lifetime highs on investment fund buying as wholesale beef prices also climbed, traders said. The higher cattle prices came despite expectations for weaker trades this week in U.S. Plains cash cattle markets as some beef packers were likely to reduce slaughter rates in the days surrounding Sunday's Easter holiday, curbing demand. Most-active CME June live cattle settled 0.650 cent higher at 114.350 cents per pound, earlier hitting a life-of-contract high of 115.050 cents. The April contract was the only cattle contract that did not hit a lifetime high, ending up 0.950 cents at 124.200 cents, well below its contract high of 132.250 cents reached in late 2015. Investors were betting that recent gains in equities markets could entice consumers to boost purchases of goods such as steaks and chops, according to U.S. Commodities analyst Don Roose. "Often, a strong economy equates with a strong cattle market," they said. All feeder cattle futures contracts hit new highs for the second straight session. CME May feeders topped out at 139.775 cents per pound, before finishing at 137.825 cents, up 0.500 cent. The U.S. Department of Agriculture after the closing of futures trading said choice-grade wholesale beef was up 76 cents to $210.13 per cwt. Wholesale pork prices were down 44 cents to $74.73 per cwt, USDA data showed. Weaker pork price data at midday triggered lower prices in CME lean hog futures , with some contracts easing more than 2 percent. April hog futures , which expire next week, fell to the lowest levels Dec. 6. Most-active June hog futures settled down 1.725 cents at 72.275 cents per pound, wiping out gains seen earlier this week. U.S. hog production was up more than 5 percent in the first quarter of the year, according to USDA data, and that larger supply has dragged on the market so far this month. "The anticipation is that the supply is going to overwhelm the demand," Roose said of hogs. (Reporting by Michael Hirtzer; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
April 12 SYNLAB Limited:
* Novo A/S to raise stake through 250 million euro subscription to new shares
* Following the closing of the transaction which is scheduled to take place today, novo will own c.20 pct of the equity of SYNLAB (Bengaluru Newsroom)
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) — University of Tennessee business students are hosting a 5K to use their knowledge outside of the classroom.
The race will benefit Samaritan Place, an emergency shelter for seniors in Knoxville.
Many participants will be running barefoot because some researchers say running without shoes can lead to fewer knee injuries.
The event will be Oct. 15. at Sequoyah Hills Park. The festival and registration for the race will begin at noon. The 5K starts at 2 p.m. and there will be a fun run at 2:15 p.m.
For more information, visit the race's website.
[India], Apr. 24 (ANI): Reacting to Niti Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant's remarks about Indian states like Bihar and Uttar Pradesh (UP) holding up India's progress, Samajwadi Party president Akhilesh Yadav, on Tuesday, said the comments were a gross disgrace to the residents of the states, for which the Government should also apologise to the residents.
They took to Twitter for the same and said, "Today, it is being said that the country is trailing due to states such as Bihar, MP, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh, UP. This statement would not have arisen if the Government ensured equal opportunity for development. This is a gross disgrace to the residents of these states. The government should seek their forgiveness."
Kant had earlier said that states like Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Chattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan are keeping India backward, especially on social indicators. "Eastern part of India particularly states like Bihar, UP, Chattisgarh, MP, and Rajasthan are keeping India backward, especially on social indicators. While we have improved on ease of doing business, we have remained backwards on human development index," Kant informed. (ANI)
Armor protection systems are used to protect armored vehicle and soldiers from enemy attacks. The global rising concern for security is resulting into the need for armor protection systems for vehicle and soldier's safety. The market is expected to witness strong growth during the forecast period.
There are several factors driving the demand for armor protection systems globally. The rising concern for terrorist activities in countries like Belgium, the U.S., and France among others has led to need for body armor and armor protection systems for the armed forces. Furthermore, these armor protection systems are flame resistant and shield the soldiers from heat during bomb attacks.
Moreover Kevlar body armors are light and extremely strong against bullet attacks. Hence these are also preferred for the defense and law enforcement agencies. In addition, the traditional body armor is gradually being replaced with interceptor body armor systems which include ballistic plates. The body armor system includes collar device which protects the collar and throat, groin protector, axillary protection systems, back extender, combat diapers, side plate carriers and upper leg protector.
The ballistic plate protects the armor from bullets from handgun and submachine gun. Furthermore it can also withstand lower velocity fragments. For vehicles, the armor protection systems are built with steel and heat absorbing materials which are soft and elastic in nature. These armor protection systems are even capable of countering anti-tank missiles, RPGs and roadside bombs. These factors are aiding to the growth of armor protection systems and the market is expected to grow significantly during the forecast period.
Brochure With The Latest Advancements and Application https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22076
However, there are certain factors which are pulling the growth of the market to a certain extent. These armors are very heavy and hence slows the speed of the vehicle and soldiers considerably which is risky certain situations. Hence the factor is posing as a restraint for the global armor protection systems market. Furthermore, the high cost of armor protection systems is hindering the demand for protection systems in developing regions like the Middle East & Africa and Latin America considerably.
Nevertheless, research and developments are being conducted to develop light weight yet strong hybrid armor protection systems. These protection systems will be capable of providing necessary protection from small caliber weapons and the new form of weapons such as biochemical weapons. Hence the market for armor protection systems is expected to grow significantly in future.
The global armor protection system can be bifurcated into types and geography. By types, the market can be broadly segmented into soldier protection systems and vehicle protection systems. The vehicle protection system is expected to dominate the global market in terms of revenue due to the increasing adoption of these systems by defense bodies in countries like the U.K., France and the U.S. among others. However, the rising threats of terrorist activities are expected to surge the demand for soldier protection systems significantly during the forecast period.
Table of Content For Detail Analysis https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=22076
By geography, the global market for armor protection systems has been segmented into five primary regions which include North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa and Latin America. North America and Europe are actively focusing on using armor protection systems for their soldiers and vehicle and hence the regions are expected to be dominant during the forecast period.
However, the Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa regions are also expected to drive the demand for armor protection systems in future due to the ongoing terrorist activities in countries like Iraq and Syria. Hence the demand is expected to rise during the forecast period.
The major players in the UAV surveillance systems market include Rheinmetall Defence, ArmourWorks International, AirBoss Defense, Force 21 Equipment P Ltd., C.P.E Production Oy, Clifton Steel and International Armor Group among other manufacturers.
Following Oracle offloading Java EE to the Eclipse Foundation and then renaming the project to Jakarta EE , we now know more about the future of this Java Enterprise Edition.The embargo expired this morning for the Eclipse Foundation today announcing their path forward. Jakarta EE is going to be focused on a "cloud native" Java with native support for Kubernetes, Docker, and other modern cloud services. Beyond cloud integration, Jakarta EE will be looking at better support for micro-services and delivering their innovations at a faster pace than what occurred for Oracle's Java EE.Also news today is that Microsoft and SAP have joined as new members of the Jakarta EE project alongside IBM, Microsoft, Red Hat, Fujitsu, and others.More details on the Jakarta EE path forward via today's press release
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
This time of year, with fireworks shows and thunderstorms, pets will sometimes escape their owners' home or control and run away.
Prescott Valley residents who have lost a pet — or who need help dealing with barking dogs or other animal issues — can now find answers on the Town of Prescott Valley's website.
Animal Control Supervisor James Risinger said their department has added some pages to the website to assist residents when they have lost a pet. The lost pet page at http://pvaz.net/881/Lost-Pet offers a link to notify Animal Control of the missing animal, and links to several other local missing pet sites that people can post on.
The page also contains a list of actions to take to help find missing pets. An additional link gives information on dog licensing, a requirement in Prescott Valley that can help officers or someone who finds your dog return it home.
The updated Nuisance Animal/Barking Dog page at http://pvaz.net/860/Nuisance-Animal-Barking-Dog contains suggestions on dealing with nuisance barking dogs in one's neighborhood, including a link to Animal Control's Nuisance Barking Hotline and an online Barking Dog Notification form.
The hotline provides citizens with a 24/7 messaging system to report nuisance animal problems or concerns during off-duty hours.
The online Barking Dog Notification form provides residents with a convenient way to notify Animal Control of a barking dog issue.
Animal Control officers regularly check the hotline and the online notification when they return to work and respond to any messages left during their off hours.
(Adds impact on independent refiners; analyst, refiner comment)
By Chen Aizhu and Meng Meng
BEIJING, March 28 Asia's top refiner Sinopec Corp said on Tuesday that it will begin buying gasoline and diesel fuel from third parties through its central office in Beijing, a move that puts further limits on China's independent oil refiners.
In an e-mailed statement, Sinopec said it would start from April to centralize refined fuel purchasing to balance supply, cut costs and boost efficiency, without giving details of the plan.
Three industry officials informed of the plan said the fuel marketing office at Sinopec's headquarters will negotiate directly with China's independent refiners, sometimes known as teapots, and other third-party suppliers over volumes and prices for gasoline and diesel.
Previously, Sinopec bought fuel through scores of its regional marketing offices that set prices and dealt with suppliers on their own.
By consolidating their buying, Sinopec's plan further restricts the independent refiners that have already been required to sell their refined fuel inside China after the government scrapped their export licenses.
Michal Meidan, Asia analyst with consultants Energy Aspects, said the plan is likely to weigh on teapots' margins, even though volumes of products sold to Sinopec may not fall significantly.
"The aim is to ensure purchases of high quality fuels and improve Sinopec's bargaining power," said Meidan, adding that the centralized buying plan may also potentially reduce the third-party volumes Sinopec buys.
Apart from the independents, mostly based in Shandong province in eastern China, refineries operated by China National Chemical Corp (ChemChina) and state-owned Sinochem are also on the suppliers' list.
While Sinopec's centralisation plan impacts the independent refiners, the change could serve as an unintended impetus for large independents to step up investments in logistics to win fuel customers outside the state refiners, said Zhang Liucheng, vice president of Shandong Dongming Petrochemical Group, the country's largest independent refiner.
"It's a rare chance for us to make an aggressive push to reach clients beyond the oil majors, the thousands of private gas stations." said Zhang, referring to the country's extensive privately owned fuel retailers.
Under the plan, Sinopec's Shandong-based marketing offices are allowed to maintain direct procurement with Shandong-based independent plants, but the volume is considered fractional versus Sinopec's total third-party procurement, said Zhang, who has received Sinopec's notice on the new purchase program.
(Reporting by Chen Aizhu and Meng Meng; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
From KEHINDE AKINPELU, Ilorin
The budget christened “Budget of Introspection and Sustenance” shows an increase of N23,682,157,934 representing 21.2% over the 2016 revised budget.
The sum of N57,479,632,894 representing 42.5% was earmarked as recurrent expenditure while N70,986,667,592 representing 52.5% of the budget went to capital expenditure and N6,798,228,975 representing 5% of the total budget is for public debt service.
The Economic Affairs carry the lion share of N35,437,302,393 representing 26% of the total budget, followed by Education with a sum of N29,936,179,606 representing 22% of the total budget while General Public Services came third with a sum of N26,497,822,611 presenting 20% of the 2017 total budget.
The Governor said the 2017 budget was anchored on current economic realities and determination to look inwards for sustained prosperity and development.
They reassured the people of the state of the commitment of their administration to implement result oriented policies and programmes that will boost economic activities, unlock growth and create jobs in the 2017 financial year.
“All on-going capital projects under the General Public Service Sector will be accorded the highest priority to ensure their completion in 2017 financial year. The State government will continue to accord high premium to the wellbeing of its workers in all ramifications”, the governor said.
They stated that more qualified youths will be engaged to address staff shortage created by voluntary retirement and resignation in 2017 while attention will be given to provision of operational vehicles to all MDAs in the 2017 fiscal year.
Other sectors to receive attention in the 2017 budget include: Energy, Works and Transport, Information and Communication, Commerce and Cooperative, Environmental Protection, Housing and Community amenities, Water Supply and Health among others.
Meanwhile, the Kwara State Government has flagged-off an N850m Community Development Programme with presentation of a N165 million to beneficiary communities in the state.
Speaking at the project launch and cheque presentation to 41 communities at the Banquet Hall, Ilorin, the State Governor, Dr. Abdulfatah Ahmed said the first tranche of the counterpart-funded disbursement was released to promote all round development at the grassroot level.
Represented at the ceremony by the Chief of Staff, Government House, Alhaji AbdulWahab Babatunde Yusuf, Governor Ahmed said the aim of the programme was to enable all the 193 wards across the state have improved access to infrastructural services that will bring about development.
Under the scheme, ward-based community associations receive N5m to implement water, education, health, energy and other micro-projects on provision of a ten per cent contribution.
They recalled that the sum of N50 million was injected into Community Development Projects in the State in 2015 with additional budgetary provision of #200 million in 2016 to consolidate government commitment to the project.
“The presence of counterpart fund of #200 million as contained in the 2016 Appropriation allowed for further draw-down of over #670 million to scale up the implementation of projects across the state”, the governor stated.
They urged the communities to make judicious use of the funds and ensure proper retirement of receipts so as to facilitate the release of the second and third tranches. The Governor stressed that their administration will continue to put in place strategies to ensure all round development in the state, especially at the grassroot level.
Alhaji Ahmed commended the State Community and Social Development Agency (KWCSDA) and the World Bank for their efforts at ensuring rural development in the state.
Earlier, the Commissioner for Planning and Economic Development, Alhaji Wasiu Odewale said a total of 318 community micro projects have been implemented and are in use in different rural communities across the 16 LGAs in the state so far under the scheme.
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
A pretty university town imbued with American history, Charlottesville, Virginia has been thrust into the news by right-wing extremists whose views are deeply at odds with the city's sense of its own values
Published 7:41 AM, August 14, 2017
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Virginia, USA – A pretty university town imbued with American history, Charlottesville, Virginia has been thrust into the news by right-wing extremists whose views are deeply at odds with the city's sense of its own values.
This weekend was the second time this year that white supremacists occupied the normally peaceful streets of the city of 50,000. Dozens of Ku Klux Klan members had marched there on July 8.
But on Saturday, August 12, their ranks had dramatically swollen, as hundreds of white nationalists – some of them armed, and some from out of state – arrived to take part in a rally that deteriorated into chaotic violence. One woman died and 19 people were injured after a car rammed a crowd amid clashes between demonstrators and counter-protesters.
Charlottesville owes its recent unhappy appearance in the headlines to the presence in one of its public parks of an imposing equestrian statue of General Robert E. Lee (1807-1870), the man who directed the Confederate troops of the pro-slavery states during the US Civil War.
When city officials voted in February to remove the monument – seen by many as glorifying the cause of slavery – they had little reason to suspect their community would become a national rallying point for radical, racist and anti-Semitic groups preaching white superiority.
'Not who we are'
The contrast could not be greater: On one side, militants in camouflage garb driving in from across America in pickup trucks flying the Confederate flag.
On the other: a town of elegant red-brick buildings with neatly manicured lawns, where 80 percent of voters supported Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and residents feel scant sympathy for the xenophobic and hate-filled slogans of the "visitors."
"We are very clear that that's not who we are," Kristin Szakos, a City Council member, told Agence France-Presse in July. "We make resolutions expressing our welcome of immigrants, our dedication to racial equity and reconciliation."
With a Jewish mayor and a black police chief, Charlottesville seeks to reflect the open and welcoming sentiment symbolized by its most prestigious local institution, the University of Virginia, founded in 1819 by former president Thomas Jefferson.
The campus is regularly ranked among the 25 best in the country, and UNESCO has classified its architecture as a World Heritage Site.
Also on the UNESCO list is nearby Monticello, the superb estate of Jefferson, the third US president. A man of wide-ranging knowledge and a voracious reader, Jefferson themselves drew up the plans for their hilltop home, which overlooks Charlottesville and the surrounding wine country.
To listen to the people of Charlottesville, the fight over Confederate monuments, angrily waged in several Southern cities, is clearly not one they would have picked.
During the nation's bloody Civil War, fighting never quite reached the town.
Locals wish the same could be said today. – Rappler.com
Remy Ma is pregnant.
The 38-year-old rapper celebrated 10 years of marriage with husband Papoose - whose real name is Shamele Mackie - by renewing their vows over the weekend and revealed on Instagram that it was a double celebration as they are also expecting their first child together.
In a video shared on Instagram, they said: "Although we told you guys that we were renewing our vows, which we are, we also wanted y'all out here when we told you guys..."
40-year-old rapper Papoose, who has three kids from a past relationship, continued: "We're having a baby" while rubbing Remy's stomach.
Remy, wearing a stunning pink and white lace embellished gown, wrote alongside the post: "Oh yea...& then this happened" with a winky face emoji.
The American artist - whose real name is Reminisce Mackie - is 16 weeks pregnant and due in December, but explained she'd been trying to conceive for some time.
They posted: "been eating right, working out, and preparing for this for almost a year. We are so happy; thank you to everyone that prayed for us and sent blessings our way.(sic)"
The 'Wake Me Up' hitmaker had a difficult first trimester with morning sickness but she's now feeling better.
They continued: "been super sick, lost an extra 7 pounds but I'm soooo much better now.
"And a special thank you to everyone who helped me pull this day together in 72hours" (sic)
A PAINTING that transports Bert Flugelman's Rundle Mall sculptures The Spheres into the Parklands and depicts Flugelman contemplating their iconic work has won the $20,000 Adelaide Park Lands Art Prize.
Christopher Meadows, 58, of Clare, said they painted their oil on canvas, Spheres and Reflections, as a homage to the late artist and their influence on Adelaide's arts scene.
When the stainless steel spheres, known as the Mall's Balls, were erected in the city in 1977, Meadows was in their first year at South Australia's School of Art.
“John Dowie was making sculptures but until Flugelman there were no new, progressive sculptures in Adelaide,” they said.
“Bert changed everything. It was a turning point in my life and the life of the city.”
A former teacher, Meadows said they set the painting in the South Parklands because they took photography students from Pulteney Grammar there and knew the area. They said the figure represented Flugelman.
“I'm not advocating The Spheres be moved, more that it is so good it would work anywhere, including the Parklands,” they said.
The prize established in 2014, and staged every two years by Adelaide's Park Lands Preservation Association, celebrates Adelaide's position as the world's only city enclosed by parklands. Meadows' painting was selected from almost 200 entries, including entries from interstate and overseas.
Victorian Darcy Lewis, 19, received the $2000 youth award for their image of a kangaroo in the suburbs, A Rise in Adelaide's Eastern Suburbs.
The Park Lands Art Prize includes a free exhibition featuring 74 finalists' works at the Festival Theatre Foyer Gallery until August 26, and a people's choice award, announced on August 25.
I have voted in every election I could since I turned 18 in 1980. I have never bought a membership in any political party until now, but it has always been the New Democratic Party that received my vote in provincial and federal elections.
In the beginning, my only question when candidates came to speak to student gatherings at university or later knocked on my first apartment door, pertained to their support for "gay rights." Only the NDP ever said they would fight for us. Only they deserved my vote.
Naturally, as my world became larger, so did my questions, seeking justice and inclusion for people who are trans, Indigenous, racialized, newcomers, differently abled, older, younger, living in poverty, all.
One area in which I have been asking many questions, and receiving very few good answers until lately, is income inequality, particularly in Ontario and more precisely in Hamilton. How is it possible in a province with so much wealth that First Ontario Place (Copps Coliseum to traditionalists) could be filled almost five times with the number of people who live in poverty across this city? That translates to one in five Hamiltonians, one in four of our children, living below the poverty line.
Since I retired from parish ministry in the Catholic Church and took up my role as a social planner in 2001, much of my work has been about undoing the nonsensical "Common Sense Revolution" of former premier Mike Harris and the so-called "Progressive" Conservatives.
From 2003 - 13, I was among provincial poverty activists petitioning the Liberal government under Premier Dalton McGuinty to undo the destruction done by Harris with the creation of a punitive social assistance system and a rate cut of nearly 22% in 1995. We didn't get very far.
However, MPPs like Deb Matthews, who eventually became responsible for the new Ontario Poverty Reduction Strategy in 2008, gave us hope when they started listening to the voices of people with the lived experience of poverty; people trying to make ends meet on Ontario Works or the Ontario Disability Support Program. Many people sensed their compassion and knew they were pushing for better from the inside.
Then Kathleen Wynne was chosen to lead the governing party in 2013. They pledged to be the social justice premier. It seemed slow in coming. After their first year I was a witness at a mock trial in which a stand-in for Wynne was tried for misleading the public with a commitment to social justice.
I wrote a column about the trial saying, "Kathleen Wynne started their premiership with bold words in which they identified themselves as the 'social justice premier.' With social assistance rates leaving people in the most extreme depths of poverty, she's not living up to their chosen identity."
Now I have seen action that aligns with that identity and a commitment for more to come.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(.)
April 6London-listed Russian healthcare provider MD Medical Group Investments Plc:
* Says that its shareholders on April 28 will vote on the issue of up to 8.4 million ordinary shares of US$0.08 each
* The board would be authorised to allot and issue up to 8.4 million shares until April 27, 2022
* The company can make use of this decision within next five years, now "it does not oblige to anything", IR director Elena Romanova told Reuters
* The company has a large number of projects that were announced as part of the development strategy and will be implemented until 2021. If the implementation of the projects requires additional financing, and there will be favorable market conditions and a fair price for shares, "we do not exclude the possibility of holding an SPO", they said
* The market was expecting the SPO in the spring window, but it did not take place
* MD Medical head Mark Kurtser had said their company is considering SPO in principle, but during a conference call on 2016 results they said there are no plans for the placement in the nearest future
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
It all started four weeks ago when the cleaners discovered that a library-goer had done their business on a book. "It was not a present surprise" says culture alderman Marc Snoeck in the daily Het Nieuwsblad. "The cleaners thought that somebody had had an accident, but soon it became clear that this was not the case."
The inappropriate behaviour was repeated on two consecutive Wednesdays. Marc Snoeck: "The first time it happened with a book on birds, the second time on a maths book and the third time on a CD! This is a very strange story!"
The municipal authorities have filed a complaint with the police who are now tasked with identifying the culprit. So far there is no suspect, but until anybody is caught the library loo is being locked.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Offensive-line continuity, a major strength for the Rams last season, took a hit Tuesday when the NFL suspended right guard Jamon Brown for the first two games of the regular season.
The league announced, in a statement, that Brown will be suspended without pay “for violating the NFL Policy and Program for Substances of Abuse.” Neither the league nor the Rams specified the nature of the violation.
Brown is scheduled to miss the Rams' Sept. 10 season opener at Oakland, plus the second-week game against Arizona. They remain able to participate in training-camp practices, which begin July 26 in Irvine.
Related Articles Rams to open training camp July 26 at UC Irvine
Leon White, former Rams OL and pro wrestler Big Van Vader, dies at 63
Bonsignore: Assessing the Rams' offseason and who stood out
Whicker: Rams GM Les Snead has no fear of great heights
Podcast: Inside the Rams special offseason wrap-up edition In a statement posted on social media, Brown apologized to the team, their teammates and fans and said they “made a mistake 18 months ago” but didn't clarify it further.
“I have always been taught that when you make a mistake, you own up to it,” the post said. “I let you know. I am going to work extremely hard to show you that this one mistake is not who I am and will not keep me from reaching my personal goals or helping the L.A. Rams win a Super Bowl!”
Rams teammate Todd Gurley quickly responded to Brown's message and wrote, “No worries at all. Love you brother.”
Brown, 25, took over as a full-time starter at right guard last season, after part-time duty in 2015 and 2016. Brown received solid praise for their play last season, as the Rams scored the second-most offensive points in the NFL. Brown helped block for running back Todd Gurley, who was named the league's offensive player of the year.
The offensive line thrived last season with left tackle Andrew Whitworth, left guard Rodger Saffold, center John Sullivan, Brown and right tackle Rob Havenstein, and the Rams expected that unit to return intact in 2018. Now they must replace Brown.
The competition, presumably, will be open during training camp, with no lineman having a clear edge. Austin Blythe, a part-time player for the Rams in 2017 and Indianapolis in 2016, could have the edge. Aaron Neary is another possibility, along with 2018 draft picks Joseph Noteboom and Jamil Demby.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Leftists are attacking President Donald J. Trump's daughter, Ivanka, for daring to sit behind the president's desk in a photo taken in the Oval Office with President Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
The photo of the trio taken during the Canadian leader's visit to Washington D.C. on February 13, features Ivanka sitting at the famed Resolute Desk in the Oval Office flanked by their father, President Trump, to their right and PM Trudeau to their left.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Ivanka later Tweeted out the photo saying, “A great discussion with two world leaders about the importance of women having a seat at the table!”
A great discussion with two world leaders about the importance of women having a seat at the table! 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/AtiSiOoho0 — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) February 13, 2017
Clearly the photo was staged in order to show a woman literally “having a seat at the table” with two world leaders.
But as soon as the photo was released to the public, Ivanka came under attack. Some complained that the photo was evidence of “nepotism,” while others called it “inappropriate” and “disrespectful.” Others even attacked them for sitting at the desk reserved only for presidents.
@IvankaTrump you did nothing to gain that seat at the table other than being born to a rich father with a tie that's too long — steven j. horowitz (@speriod) February 13, 2017
@IvankaTrump it is inappropriate and unethical for you to attend these meetings. We will find out about the legality soon enough. — The D-Bag Chronicles (@DBagChron) February 13, 2017
@IvankaTrump @JeffreyGuterman What the hell are you doing in a meeting with a foreign leader???? — James Toupin (@Jamestoupin) February 13, 2017
@IvankaTrump Unelected women should not get a seat at that particular table — Gwen Ihnat (@gwenemarie) February 13, 2017
.@IvankaTrump The only thing not repugnant about this is @JustinTrudeau. Our nation's oval office is not your photo op. #StopTrumpism — Josh Levs (@JoshLevs) February 14, 2017
@LisaMcBurns @Impeach_D_Trump @IvankaTrump The first woman photographed in that seat should be the one who's earned it. Not this little twit — Michelle Robinson (@MEngemann1976) February 14, 2017
@IvankaTrump You have no business in the White House. Our country is not run on nepotism. This is not Iraq. — SLClawyer (@slclawyer) February 13, 2017
.@IvankaTrump The Oval Office should not be a prop for the president's daughter — (((TheFaust))) (@FaustMN) February 13, 2017
@IvankaTrump a seat at the table? DONT YOU DARE — VzA (@ValerieComplex) February 13, 2017
Despite the wave of hate, though, some came to Ivanka's side in the argument.
@IvankaTrump Your strength & resiliency in face of vile hatred, bigotry, & sexism of the unhinged Left is a daily inspiration! Love you! — Lib Hypocrisy (@TrumpTrainNoBrk) February 13, 2017
@IvankaTrump You are an amazing example of grace, beauty & brains under pressure! ThankU 4 all that You are doing! #MAGA — jennifer ziegler (@zchick1836) February 13, 2017
And a fake Donald Trump account had this amusing bit…
@IvankaTrump let's have a poll! What will liberals do next after seeing this?! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTumpr) February 13, 2017
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Four people died and ten others were injured on Monday after a minibus carrying few tourists rolled down a deep gorge in rural Himachal Pradesh.
The incident took place on National Highway 21, near Kangu in Sundernagar area of Mandi district.
The bus was travelling from Ambala in Haryana to Sundernagar. The occupants, inside the bus had to attend a marriage party in Sundernagar.
The injured have been shifted to a local hospital nearby.
Further details are awaited. (ANI)
Snapdeal today launched industry's first Instant Seller Sign-up feature to offer a seamless onboarding process for sellers on its platform.
Under this tech-enabled initiative, sellers need to simply provide their GST Identification Number (GSTIN) and other key seller details will be auto-populated using tech integration with the government's GST network.
Instant Seller Sign-up feature is a transformative tool because the use of automated GSTIN verification process eliminates all manual verification steps. This will lead to a significant drop in the instances of seller rejection in the onboarding process.
In the earlier process, any errors made in manually filling in key details like PAN, company name, address etc would lead to rejection of seller onboarding attempt.
In addition to their GSTIN, sellers need to only provide basic information like contact details, email and bank account details in which they will receive payments.
Snapdeal Spokesperson said, “Seller experience is a key parameter that we track. With this automation, the time taken for seller sign-up will reduce from 28 hours to less than a minute. New sellers can now start their sales on Snapdeal within 10 minutes of sign up.”
Snapdeal is India's leading online marketplace that provides small businesses a state-of-the-art platform to start their online sales. Sellers can instantly sign up and start selling without needing to make any investment in technology, logistics or payments. As a genuine marketplace, Snapdeal does not hold any inventory or promote its own private labels. By doing this it ensures that all sellers have a level playing on Snapdeal.
This latest initiative will speed up the onboarding process for sellers on Snapdeal and will provide new sellers a swift and seamless start to their digital commerce endeavors.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The eighth installment in the “Fast and the Furious” is on the path to becoming the biggest worldwide debut of all time, besting both “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” and “Jurassic World.”
Universal Pictures on Sunday estimated that “The Fate of the Furious” would earn a record $532.5 million worldwide over the holiday weekend, thanks to a particularly robust showing in 63 territories, including China.
If the figures hold, it will just inch past the previous record holder, “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” which launched to $529 million in December of 2015 without China.
The film broke the record for biggest international weekend ever, with $432.3 million. The previous record holder was “Jurassic World” with $316.7 million.
“There is no market that hasn't had a strong reception,” said Duncan Clark, Universal's president of international distribution. “Whatever culture, whatever language, whatever country, we seem to have found a home.”
The China opening alone brought in a record $190 million followed by $17.8 million from Mexico and $17 million from the U.K. and Ireland.
An estimated $100.2 million of the global total comes from 4,310 North American theaters — a second best for the franchise and enough to easily top the domestic charts, but well below the $147.2 million opening of “Furious 7” in 2015.
“Furious 7” had a groundswell of additional interest due to the death of actor Paul Walker, who played cop turned street racer Brian O'Conner, a lead character in six of the films. They died in a car crash while the film was still in production.
For the studio, “Fast 8” stands on its own as being “an extraordinary result.”
“Each one of these films has its own momentum,” said Nick Carpou, Universal's president of domestic distribution. “There are factors from one film to the next that make them unique and certainly there were unique factors with ‘Furious 7.'”
“The Fate of the Furious” has many of the returning stars like Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese and Ludacris, but has added some new elements behind the camera in director F. Gary Gray and in front of the camera with Charlize Theron.
The $100.2 million is slightly below analyst expectations for the film. Audiences were 58 percent male, 50 percent under the age of 25 and diverse (41 percent were Caucasian, 26 percent Hispanic and 19 percent African American).
The studio has not released an official production budget, but it is reported to be in the pricey $250 million range. However, an A Cinema Score from exit polls suggest that it will have sufficient staying power.
The “Fast and the Furious” is a global juggernaut for Universal Pictures, which plans two additional pictures. With the addition of “Fast 8,” the franchise has earned an estimated $4.4 billion globally.
“It is a franchise that has adapted and changed over the years and is as relevant in 2017 as it was in 2001,” noted Paul Dergarabedian, the senior media analyst for comScore. “The ‘Furious' franchise perfectly represents what that global audience is all about. They're poised perfectly for installments 9 and 10 to do very well. It's still firing on all cylinders.”
The rest of the chart looked sleepy in comparison to the fresh fuel of “The Fate of the Furious.” ”The Boss Baby” took second with $15.5 million, while “Beauty and the Beast” held on to third place with $13.6 million.
“Beauty and the Beast” crossed the $1 billion mark worldwide this weekend. Rounding out the top five were “Smurfs: The Lost Village” with $6.5 million and “Going in Style” with $6.4 million.
The summer movie season really kicks into high gear in a few weeks when “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2″ goes into orbit on May 5.
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at U.S. and Canadian theaters, according to comScore. Where available, the latest international numbers for Friday through Sunday are also included. Final domestic figures will be released Monday.
1.”The Fate of the Furious,” $100.2 million ($432.3 million international).
2.”The Boss Baby,” $15.5 million ($36.8 million international).
3.”Beauty and the Beast,” $13.6 million ($22 million international).
4.”Smurfs: The Lost Village,” $6.5 million ($16.4 million international).
5.”Going in Style,” $6.4 million ($4.3 million international).
6.”Gifted,” $3 million.
7.”Get Out,” $2.9 million ($1 million international).
8.”Power Rangers,” $2.9 million ($2.7 million international).
9.”The Case for Christ,” $2.7 million.
10.”Kong: Skull Island,” $2.7 million ($3.8 million international).
___
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at international theaters (excluding the U.S. and Canada), according to comScore:
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
AJACCIO, France (Reuters) - France is playing with fire by rejecting Corsican demands for autonomy, the island's chief told Reuters, urging President Emmanuel Macron to be open to dialogue when they visit next week.
Before laying down arms in 2014, groups backing Corsican independence had carried out more than 10,000 attacks over four decades, blowing up police stations and holiday homes.
These clandestine groups were linked to at least 40 deaths, either in attacks on government officials or as a result of infighting among rival factions.
“In the 1980s and 1990s, when the nationalist movement only represented a minority and was violent, governments of the left and right held talks with men in balaclavas ... but today, when we represent a majority and say there is no other path than democracy, the government does not want to budge on anything,” said regional council chief Gilles Simeoni.
“It's unacceptable,” they said in an interview in Ajaccio, with the Corsican and European Union flags behind their desk, but not the French tricolour.
Peace on the island and disillusion with mainstream parties tarnished by corruption helped nationalists led by Simeoni win power in elections last December on the back of demands for more autonomy, but not independence.
Gilles Simeoni, leader of Corsica's regional council speaks beside the Corsican flag during an interview with Reuters in Ajaccio, on the French Mediterranean island of Corsica, January 30, 2018. Picture taken January 30, 2018. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Simeoni and Corsica's assembly chief, Jean-Guy Talamoni, want official status for the Corsican language and the right to block property purchases by non-residents.
The government has said it is open to some changes in its relationship with Corsica, which currently has fewer rights than regions like Catalonia. But ministers have rejected the most symbolic demands, such as the language question.
Gilles Simeoni, leader of Corsica's regional council speaks during an interview with Reuters in Ajaccio, on the French Mediterranean island of Corsica, January 30, 2018. Picture taken January 30, 2018. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
That has infuriated nationalist leaders, who have urged Corsicans to join a protest march on Saturday, ahead of Macron's visit on Tuesday, to complain that the government is ignoring their election victory.
“Some people now tell me: if winning elections does not even get us to hold talks on what we gave you a mandate for, it means democracy is a dead end,” Simeoni said.
“To get from there to saying ‘bombs are more efficient than votes' is something I don't agree with, but which at some point could be validated by a number of people.”
Simeoni, a moderate who rejects violence, said this was not blackmail but a call to open up political and economic options for Corsicans in order to avoid not just the risk of political violence but also other types of violence, such as youth crime.
Analysts and nationalists say Corsica now is very different from the violent 1980s, but they could not rule out the possibility of isolated activists carrying out attacks.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Donald Trump's antagonists have raised the alarm over the upcoming Helsinki meeting between the American and Russian presidents, comparing Trump to an "infant child" and predicting an easy victory for Vladimir Putin. Meanwhile, Russian policymakers are expressing cautious hope that US-Russia relations could finally improve.
The upcoming meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and their American counterpart Donald Trump on July 16 in Helsinki has already made a splash in the media.
Trump's critics jumped at the opportunity to cast doubt on the potential outcome of the summit, predicting that Putin might "outwit" the US president.
"If they are sitting across the table from Vladimir Putin, who is a highly skilled manipulator and negotiator, the chances are things could go off the rails," CNN national security analyst Samantha Vinograd presumed, commenting on Trump's apparent plan to hold one-on-one talks with Putin ahead of the summit.
© Sputnik / Michail Klimentjew Wall Street Analyst Explains How Trump-Putin Summit May Ease Tensions in Europe
The American biweekly New York Magazine claimed that "Putin holds all the cards" in the expected summit, suggesting that the US president will easily fall under the Russian leader's spell. The media outlet recalled that earlier Trump had congratulated Vladimir Putin on their re-election "against the advice of literally everyone" and highlighted that the two "even spent an hour alone together" on the sidelines of the 2017 G20 meeting.
Speaking to CNN anchor Anderson Cooper, retired US Army Lt. Col. Ralph Peters even went so far as to compare Putin to a "Russian bear" and Trump to an "infant child" while citing lines from A. E. Housman's poem "Infant Innocence."
"If John Bolton can do one service for their country… they can to prevent a one-on-one Putin meeting behind closed doors," Peters emphasized.
"The Russian bear is huge and wild. It has devoured the infant child. The infant child is not aware. It has been eaten by the bear." — Lt. Col. Ralph Peters channels A. E. Housman, using the poet's "Infant Innocence" to detail the Putin-Trump relationship https://t.co/cLMzoqgU33 pic.twitter.com/zYjx2YtFyQ — Anderson Cooper 360° (@AC360) June 28, 2018
​Former US Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul has put some skin in the game by tweeting that the US President had already "sided" with their Russian counterpart and that Trump "continues to hint at concessions they might offer Putin."
And remember, in this tweet, the President of the United States if America is siding with Putin and is denying the findings of their own Intelligence Community. A shocking moment in American history. https://t.co/ig6emsk2Zx — Michael McFaul (@McFaul) 28 июня 2018 г.
​
Trump continues to hint at concessions they might offer Putin. Appeasement (almost always a bad idea) usually occurs in response to some threat, but Putin (to the best of my knowledge!) is not preparing to invade Europe. So what is the strategy here? I just dont get it. — Michael McFaul (@McFaul) 29 июня 2018 г.
​As for Anders Aslund, a Swedish economist and a Senior Fellow at the Atlantic Council, they believe that Trump isn't alone in having been enchanted by Vladimir Putin: "After decades as a hardliner on Russia, Bolton melts when they meet the Russian President. Not very impressive," Aslund tweeted.
After decades as a hardliner on Russia, Bolton melts when they meet the Russian president. Not very impressive. https://t.co/KdjAS6Yu2w — Anders Åslund (@anders_aslund) 27 июня 2018 г.
​The British newspaper The Sunday Times joined the chorus of alarmists expressing fears that President Trump may "undermine NATO by striking a 'peace deal' with President Putin." According to the newspaper, the US president "may be persuaded to downgrade US military commitments in Europe," thus exposing EU members states to a security "threat" posed by Russia.
© AFP 2018 / IAN LANGSTON Why Trump's Idea to 'Fix' Global Trade System May Result in US Isolation
The New Yorker has adopted a more moderate stance, writing that Russia is just seeking to improve bilateral relations which have reached an all-time low over the past few months: "For months, Russia has not had much of a policy for dealing with the United States other than hoping that things do not get worse-whether in terms of new sanctions or a direct military confrontation in Syria-and waiting for a summit to materialize."
The media outlet suggested that the June 12 Singapore Summit between Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was "instructive" for the Russians, instilling hope that the US President is a pragmatic negotiator.
Meanwhile, Russian analysts and policymakers have expressed cautious optimism regarding the very fact of the Trump-Putin summit, at the same time adding that they do not expect any breakthroughs.
Speaking to reporters in Madrid, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Oleg Syromolotov suggested that the fight against terrorists is likely to come into focus at the Helsinki negotiations. For their part, Russia's Ambassador to the United States Anatoly Antonov expressed hope that the presidents might start a discussion on the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (New START) and Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty (INF Treaty) among other issues and establish a joint cybersecurity group.
"I am sure that it is impossible to remove all obstacles out of the way of our mutual cooperation, but it goes without saying that there will be progress regarding bilateral relations as well as regional and global problems," Antonov told RT on July 3.
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
Cape Town - “You have to be deceitful or else it's not an affair,” alleged wife murderer Jason Rohde said on Wednesday.
This emerged when their character came under scrutiny in the Western Cape High Court on Wednesday.
State prosecutor Louis van Niekerk quizzed Rohde on why they had lied to their wife Susan that they had ended their relationship with their mistress, Jolene Alterskye, when in fact they were still seeing each other.
“You had lived a double life and lied to her,” Van Niekerk said. Rohde responded that the nature of an affair was lying and being deceitful.
Rohde is on trial for murder and defeating the ends of justice after Susan was found dead on July 24, 2016 with an electric cord around their neck. The cord was tied behind the bathroom door hook.
It's the State's case that Rohde killed Susan and used the cord to stage their death as a suicide.
The State alleges that Rohde lied to police about what really happened, as the post-mortem found the cause of death to be consistent with asphyxia and manual strangulation.
Van Niekerk interrogated Rohde about the cord, asking how many times it went around Susan's neck, what type of knot was used and whether it was tied in a double strand. Rohde said they knew none of those details.
“I was focused on getting it off my wife's neck. I paid no attention to that. All I can say is that it was tight,” Rohde said.
After Rohde's examination-in-chief and Van Niekerk took over, Rohde asked Judge Gayaat Salie-Hlophe whether they could say something.
“I am guilty of being an adulterer...
“I take the blame and I have to live with the shame for the rest of my life. But divorce was an option for me, not murder. I am not a murderer,” they said.
Cape Times
BOSTON, Mass. (WATE) – Cassidy Bentley, the wife of country music star Dierks Bentley, ran the Boston Marathon to raise money for a Nashville shelter for homeless families.
The 41-year-old Cassidy Bentley completed the marathon with a net time of 3:29:41. This was their second Boston Marathon.
Dierks Bentley posted pictures of their children wearing “pit crew” shirts to support them The runner has been posting pictures of their journey using the hashtag #cassrunsboston17
Here we go @cassrunsboston17! Your @bostonmarathon pit crew is ready to cheer you on! number one fans. CRUSH IT #beboston A post shared by Dierks Bentley (@dierksbentley) on Apr 16, 2017 at 5:38pm PDT
This year, Cassidy Bentley ran to create awareness and raise money for Safe Haven Family Shelter of Nashville. Them Crowdrise.com page, where you can make a donation, has already raised more than $22,000 for Safe Haven.
“In the past I've always prepared for a race in a vacuum. I run alone, train by myself and generally don't talk much about it to anyone. But this year I wanted to find a way to use my run to connect with people and help others. I wanted to give it meaning beyond crossing the finish line or achieving a certain time (although I do want to do that too!),” said Cassidy Bentley.
2014 #bostonmarathon..we walked to see the finish line the day before the race. #handsfull #doublestrollersdontfitinbostondoorways A post shared by Cassidy Bentley (@cassrunsboston17) on Apr 6, 2017 at 3:30pm PDT
The Tennessean reports Cassidy Bentley was introduced to the Safe Haven shelter when their husband's 2015 video for the song “Riser” featured a formerly homeless mother.
“Safe Haven keeps families who are homeless together, provides them with shelter and eventually permanent housing along with the therapy, support and training needed to gain self-sufficiency and rebuild their lives,” said Cassidy Bentley. “My family has been involved with them for a few years and I've seen up close the incredibly important, desperately needed, inspiring work they do and I'm thrilled to be running in their honor and in honor of present and future families who need Safe Haven.”
A FAMILY pet dog remained under intensive care after firefighters rescued it from a fierce blaze that destroyed a Christie Downs home.
The fire, on Elizabeth Rd, ignited just before 5am and woke residents when loud bangs sounded off.
Daniela Benzi said they peered through the hallway door and saw that the “lounge room was engulfed”.
“I just saw smoke and yelled for my kids to get up and get out,” they said.
As the family of four escaped through the rear of the home, their five-year-old husky BJ was nowhere to be seen.
Fire crews arrived soon after and stormed the house, finding the dog unconscious under a bed.
The husky was given oxygen and rushed to the Adelaide Animal Emergency & Referral Centre at Kurralta Park.
Camera Icon Jacinta Renee, 18, accompanies their husky BJ at Adelaide Animal Emergency in Kurralta Park. Picture: News Corp Australia, Tom Huntley
Jacinta Renee, 18, said their father smashed a window and called out to the dog but BJ would not budge.
“(BJ) must have thought it was the safest room in the house when there was no way out, but they were in a burning room,” they said.
“His fur was white but they came out (of the house) black.”
The Husky needs to recover from respiratory issues after inhaling too much smoke and soot.
The family has pet insurance but vet bills are set to soar as BJ needs to be monitored for 48 hours.
Fire Cause Investigator Marty Miller said charging batteries were the likely cause of the blaze.
“The family is extremely lucky, lucky they were alerted by a banging noise,” they said.
“It could have been the power surging, it had tripped out, or could've been an explosion from the battery mechanisms.
“We understand there was a smoke alarm in the house but whether it was functioning properly or was located properly we're not quite sure.”
Camera Icon The Christie Downs residents woke to smoke and their house on fire. Picture: The Advertiser
Damage is estimated at $170,000.
Ms Benzi said their family would now band together to pull through.
“So far our beds seem okay and hopefully our clothes in our cupboards, but that's about it,” they said.
“Everything else is gone. (The fire) was really quick.”
The Advertiser understands the family is not insured and rent the home.
Donations to help with BJ's vet bills and help the family can be sent to https://au.gofundme.com/fw38x-family-house-fire
After the Christie Downs fire, at about 7.30am, crews rushed to a commercial business on Saltfleet St, Port Noarlunga, following reports of smoke.
Eight firefighters forced entry through the rear of the property and saw flames coming from inside.
A large pot of food had been left simmering on a cooker overnight.
A fire blanket was used to extinguish the threat. Damage was minimal.
Brothers Ricci and Prince Rivero, and Brent Paraiso request to go on leave from the DLSU basketball team though they are still currently enrolled in the school
Published 9:57 PM, February 02, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Ricci Rivero, Prince Rivero and Brent Paraiso have gone on leave from the De La Salle University Green Archers basketball team, according to an official statement by DLSU's Office of Sports Development (OSD) published on Friday, February 2.
As reported in a series of tweets by DLSU Sports, the OSD has banned players from "engaging in sponsorships from commercial entities" to keep the players focused on games and practices. In connection with this, the Rivero brothers and Paraiso requested to go on leave from the basketball team "to honor their contractual obligations to their existing endorsements."
DLSU gave assurances that the players are currently enrolled and are attending their respective classes.
De La Salle University - Office Of Sports Development's Official Statement:
The DLSU Men's Basketball Team management announces that they have implemented a policy that prohibits players to enter into sponsorship agreements with commercial entities. 1/4 — DLSU Sports (@dlsusports) February 2, 2018
This will allow the players to focus on the games and team practices without any restrictions. 2/4 — DLSU Sports (@dlsusports) February 2, 2018
In this connection, team members Prince Rivero, Ricci Rivero, and Brent Paraiso have requested to go on leave from the basketball team to honor their contractual obligations to their existing endorsements. 3/4 — DLSU Sports (@dlsusports) February 2, 2018
Prince, Ricci, and Brent are currently enrolled in the University and are attending their respective classes. 4/4 — DLSU Sports (@dlsusports) February 2, 2018
This statement comes after other media outlets published reports that the Rivero brothers and Paraiso have been kicked out of the team because they “broke a school rule.”
This development is just part of a string of events that have rocked the Green Archers team in the offseason after losing a 3-game series to rival team Ateneo de Manila University (ADMU) Blue Eagles.
Late last year, two-time UAAP MVP Ben Mbala announced their exit from the team due to their desire to play professionally in Mexico. Not long after, one-time champion head coach Aldin Ayo signed a reported 6-year contract with the University of Santo Tomas (UST) Growling Tigers in early January. Louie Gonzales was appointed shortly after to replace them as DLSU coach.
Of the 3 players, Ricci has been widely touted as the future of the team after averaging 14.1 points, 5.3 rebounds, 2.2 assists, and 1.5 steals in a Mythical 5 campaign for Season 80. They have also been cleared by DLSU to join the Gilas 2023 prospect pool and was present in the team's practice, albeit as a spectator, last Monday, January 29, in the Meralco Gym. – Rappler.com
A Longview man has been indicted on an aggravated robbery charge.
Terry Arnell Walker, 20, was arrested in June in connection with a May 18 crime. A woman claimed Walker stole thousands of dollars worth of jewelry out of their purse and that they were robbed at gunpoint.
According to an arrest warrant, Walker was watching the woman at a pawn shop where they were picking up their jewelry. Walker then followed them to their work where they grabbed their purse off a counter.
The woman told police Walker grabbed their purse and pointed a handgun at them and said, "Do you think I'm not going to shoot you?"
The victim let go of their purse and Walker and another man who was with them ran off. The woman said the jewelry was valued at over $40,000 and that they also had $6,000 in cash in their purse.
Walker is currently in the Gregg County Jail on a $500,000 bond.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
As peace and disarmament summits with both South Korea and the US grow near, North Korea's main nuclear test site remains “fully operational,” according to 38 North, a US watchdog website devoted to analyzing the isolated Democratic People's Republic of Korea, north of the demilitarized zone on the northern 38th parallel.
"North Korea's Punggye-ri nuclear test site, where North Korea has conducted six acknowledged underground detonations is still, as far as we can tell, fully operational," 38 North reported Monday on its website. However, North Korea on April 20 pledged to end its nuclear testing program and join international efforts to completely abolish the practice.
© REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst Mattis Says ‘A Lot of Reasons for Optimism' on North Korea Talks
38 North, observing satellite imagery from March and into early April, reports that to date, North Korea's testing facilities remain operational. The organization also says commercial satellite imagery shows tunneling in one area of the test site.
"Following Pyongyang's sixth nuclear test in September 2017, one area at the site — the North Portal, located at Mount Maptap where the last five underground nuclear tests had been conducted — was apparently abandoned," 38 North reported Monday.
"However, significant new tunneling was noted at the West Portal, another area of the site, up through early March 2018. That renewed tunneling was curtailed by mid-March, but not entirely stopped through early April, suggesting that either the tunnel was completed and ready for future renewed testing or that the slowdown simply mirrored the ongoing political changes underway," the organization added.
The organization also noted that test tunnels, which can be accessed through the South Portal, have primary and secondary entrances that could be used for underground nuclear tests in the future.
"In short, there is no basis to conclude that the Punggye-ri nuclear test site is no longer viable for future nuclear testing. There remain two portal areas located in more pristine competent rock that can be used for future tests if Pyongyang were to give the order. Whether that will stay an option will depend on reaching verifiable agreements that build on Pyongyang's pledge to shut down the facility," 38 North concludes.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un announced on April 20 that Pyongyang would halt its nuclear and long-range missile tests and shut down the Punggye-ri nuclear test site, where all six of its nuclear tests have taken place. The decision was reportedly made at a meeting of the ruling party's central committee on Friday.
"From April 21, North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles," Kim announced. "The North will shut down a nuclear test site, where it has conducted all six of its nuclear tests."
The announcement was praised by US President Donald Trump.
"Progress being made for all!" Trump tweeted.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 21, 2018
However, on Sunday, Trump incorrectly announced that Pyongyang had "agreed to denuclearization," although North Korea did not explicitly state that it will give up its existing nuclear weapons.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 22, 2018
On Monday, South Korean President Moon Jae In called North Korea's decision to halt nuclear and ballistic missile test an "important decision" and a step toward the complete denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.
US Defense Secretary James Mattis said Monday they are optimistic that upcoming talks with North Korea could be productive. "Right now, I think there are a lot of reasons for optimism that the negotiations will be fruitful and we'll see," Mattis told reporters at the Pentagon
BARCELONA are said to be preparing a mammoth bid in a final attempt to bring in Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho.
The Times suggest that Ernesto Valverde is readying a £137m ($225m) bid for the Brazilian, as they look to save face with fans after the departure of Neymar.
In line with the report, Barça are growing increasingly confident that they'll be able to land the Liverpool star, who has their heart set on a move away from the club.
The Catalan giants are desperate to bring in reinforcements, with Valverde forced to start Gerard Deulofeu in their Spanish Super Cup clash with Real Madrid.
While Neymar scored and assisted in a 3-0 win over Guingamp, football fans ridiculed Deulofeu's inclusion.
Barcelona going from Neymar to Deulofeu like pic.twitter.com/2qmpa4JkGb — Alex Footman (@Alex_Footman) August 13, 2017
So it's Deulofeu who gets nod to take Neymar's place up top. Which is pretty mad considering they were not even making Everton bench 9 mths ago — Dermot Corrigan (@dermotmcorrigan) August 13, 2017
Speaking to the media after Barcelona's defeat, midfielder Sergio Busquets insisted that new signings are required for the season ahead: “We don't need new signings because of the result, but because we have to renew [the squad]. And now's the time, no matter what.”
Valverde was more composed on the issue, seeing no rush to go out and buy: “We are Barcelona and we want to have the best team.
“We have time [to sign] until August 31, but I want to evaluate what we already have inside the club.”
Meanwhile, Guangzhou Evergrande manager Luiz Felipe Scolari has confirmed Paulinho's move to Barcelona.
The midfielder joined the Chinese Super League from Tottenham, and has found their way back to European football after impressing for club and country.
“Paulinho is a player with high individual quality, they are an outstanding player, both for their club and for the national team.
“The high price paid by Barcelona in order to sign them is a strong recognition of Guangzhou Evergrande Football Club.
“We wish them all the best and that they can embrace a bright future.”
The 29-year old's €40m ($60m) release clause was met by the club, and Scolari believes the deal reflects well on the CSL.
Scolari added: “Losing Paulinho is a loss for Evergrande, but it is a good thing for Chinese football.
“It proves that the world's leading clubs are paying attention to the Chinese Super League. “
media_camera Paulinho.
And finally, Ousmane Dembele looks to be edging closer to a move away from Borussia Dortmund, as tensions continue to rise at the German club.
The 20-year old was suspended for missing training and was initially set to miss Saturday's German Cup game against FC Rielasingen-Arlen, but the club have extended it “until further notice”.
Sporting director Michael Zorc explained the situation: “Our focus is now concentrated on preparing the team for the Bundesliga opening game this coming weekend in Wolfsburg.”
“Dembele obviously has the possibility to train individually away from the group.”
The forward is said to be intent on a move to Barcelona, with Dortmund turning down a reported €105m offer for their services.
Originally published as Final Coutinho play, ex-Toffee replacing Neymar
Not long after I had my son, Saxon, my fellow mom friends encouraged me to travel with him, insisting that babies are “easy” to take on vacation since they're tiny and immobile. I thought this was the worst idea I'd ever heard. How would I manage to fly with an infant when I could barely get through a trip to the grocery store with him?
By the time they were 6 months old, we had made two family road trips and both times, the planning, packing and onsite logistics left me so exhausted and stressed out I vowed not to take them out of our zip code again until they could speak in full sentences.
And yet, I couldn't help but wonder if I was missing out on some kind of magical parenting experience. After all, my Instagram was filled with adorable #travelwithbaby photos that made it look so easy and fun. Plus, I'm a sucker for matching father-son swimsuits. I decided it was time to take our first family vacation.
If I've learned anything as a mom, it's that the first time doing anything with your child is always the hardest. To prepare myself for our five-day vacation, I read travel blogs, consulted Facebook mom groups and asked my friends with kids for their advice.
Here are the seven tips that helped me the most.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Andrea Lavinthal's son Saxon Andrea Lavinthal
1. Manage your expectations. As any parent will tell you, it's not a vacation if your kids are with you. It's a trip where you still have to wipe someone else's nose, enforce a nap schedule and keep your kid from sticking their finger in every electric socket. So if you pictured yourself sipping a glass of rosé and reading a book while your little angel quietly builds a sand castle next to your chair, let go of that lovely image. None of that will happen. Well, except for the wine. A little day drinking goes a long way on any family “vacation.”
Andrea Lavinthal's son Saxon Andrea Lavinthal
2. Choose a family-friendly hotel. This may seem obvious, but there's a big difference between a hotel with chicken fingers on the lunch menu and one that goes out of its way to cater to families. We chose the Kimpton Seafire Resort + Spa in Grand Cayman because of its convenient location (it's a three-and-a-half-hour direct flight from where we live and the hotel is less than 30 minutes from the Grand Cayman airport) and the list of amenities for kids.
Andrea Lavinthal and son Saxon Andrea Lavinthal
In addition to the ocean, which is bathwater warm and practically wave-free, there's a huge pool, plus a baby pool. They also offer a free day camp for kids over 5, a stellar babysitting service (more on that later) and lots of space for running around. But the best perk is that kids under 5 eat for free. Yes, free.
Andrea Lavinthal's son Saxon Andrea Lavinthal
3. Pack like a travel pro. Whether I'm going away for one night or 10, packing always presents a huge challenge. So you can imagine how stressed out I was about packing not just for myself, but also for Saxon.
I'm not exaggerating when I say that I started a month out. First, I downloaded three different packing lists I found by Googling, “What do you pack for vacation with a toddler?” to make sure I didn't forget anything important (white-noise machine, favorite stuffed animal, swim diapers, etc.).
Andrea Lavinthal's suitcase Andrea Lavinthal
Then, I watched a tutorial by Hitha Palepu who wrote the book on packing. Literally — their book is called How to Pack. I messaged them on Instagram and they kindly coached me through the process, starting with my suitcase situation. I was planning for the three of us to share two checked bags and each have our own carry-on, but they convinced me to do three checked bags instead.
Them reasoning: You should always over pack for your kid — an extra outfit for every two days on top of their daily outfits. Plus, it keeps everyone's stuff streamlined at your destination. Another bonus to checking the luggage is that it allowed us to go hands-free in the airport (we each wore a backpack stuffed with in-flight necessities), which is key when you're chasing after a toddler.
4. Create the perfect carry-on. Speaking of in-flight necessities, I learned that there are a few things you should always have on the plane with you. The most important is a travel-size first-aid kit stocked with any prescription medications your child needs, over-the-counter medications (I did Tylenol, Advil and Benadryl), Band-Aids, Neosporin and a thermometer.
The second is enough snacks to fill an aisle at Costco. (That's just a slight exaggeration because you can never have too many Cheddar Bunnies.) And the last is an extra change of clothes for your child and for yourself because imagine having to sit for hours in a T-shirt covered in vomit or worse.
Andrea Lavinthal's suitcase Andrea Lavinthal
5. Splurge on your room. Pre-baby, my boyfriend and I would spend the majority of our beach vacations outside, coming back to the room only to shower and sleep. Post-baby, we found ourselves on day one of our trip sitting inside during prime beach hours, texting each other so we wouldn't wake the baby while they took their afternoon nap just a few feet away. (I was not blessed with a child who will sleep outside in the stroller under a shady tree.)
On day two of our trip, I upgraded us to a larger room with a separate living-room area, a big balcony and a giant walk'in closet where we put the Pack ‘n Play. It cost more than we'd planned to spend, but it was worth being able to read a book outside and flush the toilet without worrying about waking up Saxon.
Andrea Lavinthal's son Saxon Andrea Lavinthal
6. Use the babysitting service. As I mentioned, the Kimpton Seafire has childcare programs including an in-room nanny. This was key for us since we wanted to have a couple of dinners without the baby (mostly so we could eat later than 6 p.m. and drink our margaritas in peace).
At first, I was hesitant about leaving them with a stranger, until the hotel informed me that all their childcare professionals are required to have over three years of direct experience caring for children and they must be trained in CPR and first aid. They selected our sitter, Althea, specifically because they work at a children's enrichment center that specializes in toddler and infants, and they were even more wonderful in person than they were on paper.
We made a reservation at one of the hotel's restaurants so we were nearby (just in case) and they texted me throughout dinner to assure me that everything was fine. We felt so comfortable with them that we used them for a few hours during the day so we could hit the spa, and two more nights so we could have dinner off property.
It's also worth mentioning that the entire staff — from the housekeepers and servers to the concierge and front-desk team — went out of their way to look after Saxon during our stay. If your hotel doesn't offer childcare, e-mail the concierge before your trip for the name of a local service, or ask your fellow moms on Facebook if they've used someone that they recommend. Just try not to spend your precious baby-free hours talking about the baby.
Andrea Lavinthal and son Saxon Andrea Lavinthal
Andrea Lavinthal and son Saxon Andrea Lavinthal/Instagram
7. Have fun. Between all of the planning, packing and pre-dawn wake-ups, I almost forgot that we were on vacation. It's hard not to freak out about every little thing, but you really have to relax and go with the flow. Your kid is going to have fun no matter what, so you should too. And like all things with parenting, you'll eventually forget how stressful traveling with a toddler is and just remember the look on their face the first time they went in the ocean.
On that note, any recommendations for our next trip?
× St. Mary's temporarily closes unit to contain spread of bacteria
HENRICO, Va. – A bacterial outbreak has temporarily closed the Cardiovascular Intensive Care Unit at Bon Secours St. Mary's Hospital.
The Virginia Department of Health confirmed the presence of ESBL klebsiella, a bacterium that produces an enzyme known as Extended Spectrum Beta Lactamase (ESBL).
Six patients were found to have the bacteria, who were hospitalized at St. Mary's between March 26 and April 16.
Klebsiella is a common bacterium that is found in almost all bodies, within the intestinal tract, a hospital representative said. ESBL klebsiella is not cause for alarm as it can be treated with antibiotics, a hospital representative said.
After a fourth patient was identified, St. Mary's proactively contacted the health department and presented an action plan as well as the added precautionary measure of patient testing and contact isolation in the unit.
The unit will be deep cleaned and more testing conducted to determine if the patients acquired the bacteria at the hospital or if it was present in their bodies before they were admitted.
The deep clean of the unit included both manual cleaning and utilizing the Tru-D SmartUVC advanced disinfection robot technology.
The cleaning process of the unit will be complete by Wednesday and Bon Secours continues to maintain a full schedule of patient care.
Addressing journalists, the Prime Minister said:
I have just chaired a meeting of the cabinet where we agreed to hold a general election on the 8th June. I want to explain what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election.
Last summer, after the people voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership.
Since I became Prime Minister, the Government has delivered precisely that.
Despite predictions of immediate economic danger since the refrendum, we have seen consumer confidence remain high, record numbers of jobs, and economic growth exceed expectations.
We also delivered on the mandate of the referendum result. Britain is leaving the European Union and there can be no turning back.
And as we look to the future, the Government has the right plan to negotiate the new relationship with the European Union.
We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world.
That means we will regain control of our own money, our own laws, and our borders and we will be free to strike new trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world.
This is the right approach and it is in the national interest. But the other political parties oppose it. At this moment of national significance there should be unity in Westminster but instead there is division. The country is coming together but we not.
In recent weeks, labour has threatened to vote against the final agreement with the European Union. The Liberal Democrats want to grind the business of Government to a standstill.
The Scottish Nationalist Party say they will vote against the legislation that will repeal the formal relations with the European Union. And unelected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight up every step of the way.
Our opponents believe, because our majority is so small, that our resolve will weaken and they can force us to change course. They are wrong. They underestimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the stability of people across the country.
What they are doing jeopardises what we must do prepare for Brexit at home. And it weakens the Government's negotiating position in Europe.
If we do not hold a General Election now, their poltical game play continues and negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run up to the next scheduled General Election.
Divisions will risk the stability of Brexit and it will cause damage, uncertainty and instability in the country.
So we need a General Election and we need one now because we have a one-off chance while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin.
I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion.
Since I became Prime Minister, I said there would be no election until 2020. But now, I concluded the only way to guarantee stability and certainty in the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for decisions we take.
So tomorrow in the House of Commons I will call for an election on the 8th of June. That motion as set out by the Fixed-Term Parliament Act will require a two thirds majority of the House of Commons.
So I have a simple challenge for the opposition parties : you have criticised the Government, you have challenged our objectives, you have threatened to block the legislation put before Parliament. This is your moment to show you mean it. To show you are not opposing the Government for the sake of it. To show you do not treat politics as a game. Let us tomorrow vote for an election. Let us put forward our plans for Brexit and our alternative programmes for Government and then let the people decide.
And the decision facing the country will be all about leadership. It will be a choice between strong and stable leadership in the national interest with me as your Prime Minister, or a weak and unstable coalition with Jeremy Corbyn propped up by the Liberal Democrats who want to reopen the divisions of the referendum and Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP.
Every vote for the Conservatives will make it harder for the opposition who want to stop me from getting the job done. Every vote for the Conservatives will make me stronger when I negotiate with the prime ministers, presidents, and chancellors of the European Union. Every vote for the Conservatives will mean we can stick to our plan for a stronger Britain and a more secure future.
It was with reluctance that I decided the country needed this election, but it is with strong conviction that I say it is necessary to secure the strength and stability this country needs to see us through Brexit and beyond. So tomorrow let the House of Commons vote for an election. Let us remove the uncertainty and instability and continue to give the country the strong and stable leadership it demands.
STOCKHOLM Tottenham's adventurous attacking play has made them the most exciting team in the Premier League, and they could still snatch the title from Chelsea, former Spurs defender Erik Edman said.
Four points behind leaders Chelsea with five games to go, Tottenham face North London rivals Arsenal at White Hart Lane on Sunday in a derby they must win to keep up pressure on the Blues.
Edman was no stranger to attacking raids themselves in a career that also took in Dutch side Heerenveen, French club Rennes and then-Premier League outfit Wigan, and the former left back is a big fan of Tottenham's swashbuckling approach.
"They have never been as hot as they are now," the 38-year-old told Reuters in a telephone interview.
"They are doing a lot of things right with their own young English players, and a coach that feels red-hot. Tottenham is the most exciting team in the league in many ways."
Two of the players causing a stir are full backs Kyle Walker and Danny Rose, and Edman says they are key to Tottenham's system.
"As a full back you feel you can put pressure, create two-on-one situations, cut outside. If you are attacking on the right and move the ball to the centre, and the left back is already on their way up, it gives a dimension and a flow to your possession.
"It's about the coach's way of playing ...It's not really an English thing - it's more that (coach Mauricio) Pochettino and the team have the courage to let both full backs go forward. That is great to see," they said.
Edman arrived at White Hart Lane in July 2004 and spent a single season there, but the derbies against Arsenal left their mark.
"These matches stand out. I wasn't there a long time but you noticed that Tottenham was always something of a 'little brother' at the time, we were unlucky and Arsenal just kept winning... As a player and as a foreigner you noticed that these games are special."
The home game against Arsenal in 2004, the season after the Gunners won the league title without losing a match, sticks out in Edman's mind.
"We were beaten 5-4 - it was the year after they were the 'Invincibles', so it was something of a peak for Arsenal. You noticed from the fans that they wanted you to smash into tackles!"
Now coaching soccer at an elementary school in the southern Swedish city of Helsingborg, Edman also works as an analyst on Swedish domestic games for broadcaster CMORE, and they still keep an eye out for their former club.
"This game can be extra valuable in terms of stressing Chelsea into a mistake in the last few rounds...," they said.
"If Tottenham drop points now and Chelsea win, it will be tough, but if they can win and Chelsea drop points, it can be close."
(Reporting by Philip O'Connor; editing by John Stonestreet)
Ready for the future: uMlazi matriculant Mvelo Lusiba sets off for university this week after a bungle in their maths mark nearly cost them their tertiary opportunity. Picture: Sibusiso Ndlovu / African News Agency (ANA)
DURBAN - The Department of Education in KwaZulu-Natal is urging future matriculants to take full advantage of the re-marking process should they be dissatisfied with their end-of-year results.
This comes after uMlazi 2017 matriculant Mvelo Lusiba of Velabahleke High School had their maths mark bungled, resulting in theirs losing their sponsors and having their bursary application declined.
Department spokesperson Kwazi Mthethwa said the blunder didn't mean that their system was not credible. “It's very credible. We need to understand that mark capturing is a process done by humans,” they said.
Mvelo, as per their original NSC results sheet, had obtained eight distinctions and 67% for maths.
Knowing that they were a top pupil, particularly in maths, their principal took them to the department offices Durban, where they found out that they had in fact got 93% for maths.
Mvelo had already applied for a bursary in actuarial science and had sponsors waiting to back them pending their final results. However, because of to the discrepancy they found themselves with eight distinctions, no sponsors and no bursary.
“At the time, officials advised me to go through the re-marking process, but this meant waiting until April to get the results. I was furious because they put my future and life in jeopardy,” they said.
Mvelo, who has one younger sibling and was raised by their single mom, said they would not be at UCT if it had not been for their school principal who contacted chief markers nationally to assist in the re-marking.
“Once the re-marking was done, we sent my new NSC result sheet to UCT, clearing the blunder. What is most frustrating is that I have never been given an explanation as to what happened.”
Mvelo said that while they were in the clear in terms of being accepted into UCT, they still didn't have a sponsor.
uMlazi matriculant Mvelo Lusiba sets off for university this week after a bungle in their maths mark nearly cost them their tertiary opportunity. Picture: Sibusiso Ndlovu/ANA
And it was not until last Saturday, when the school held an award ceremony for their top-achieving 2017 matriculants where Economic Development and Tourism MEC Sihle Zikalala was a guest that a “great burden” was lifted off their shoulders.
“After hearing about my ordeal, the MEC offered to assist with a bursary from Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs,” said Mvelo, who flew out of Durban for Cape Town on Thursday night.
Zikalala said it was important to encourage students who did particularly well, especially those who came from impoverished backgrounds.
“His success in terms of the distinctions they obtained is due to their determination and hard work and these qualities will certainly help them achieve the same success at UCT.”
THE INDEPENDENT ON SATURDAY
COPENHAGEN, April 10 Denmark's central bank sold 1.0 billion Danish crowns ($142.32 million) in one treasury bill while refusing bids for another at an auction on Monday after receiving bids worth 3.8 billion crowns in total.
The cut-off rate was -0.69 percent for the bills that mature in June 2017. It did not accept any bids for another t-bill maturing in September.
The central bank has at times used T-bill auctions as one tool to control the exchange rate of the Danish crown, which is pegged to the euro, by declining bids when it has deemed the currency too strong.
($1 = 7.0264 Danish crowns) (Reporting by Stine Jacobsen, editing by Teis Jensen)
× Manhattan subway explosion injures 2, suspect in custody
NEW YORK CITY — Police are responding to reports of a possible explosion on the A, C and E subway lines near 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue, New York Police Department Sgt. Brendan Ryan said Monday. The trains are being evacuated, they said.
NYPD is reporting to have the suspected bomber in custody. NYFD has reports of 2 injuries, including the suspected bomber.
At least one person is injured and one person is in custody after “some type of explosion” in a Manhattan subway, according to police. Multiple subway lines have been evacuated, and trains are bypassing Times Square and Port Authority.
A man with a “possible second device” has been detained in the subway tunnel, sources said. They were described them as “having wires coming out of him.”
Police confirmed a person had been detained.
Mayor Bill de Blasio has been briefed on the incident, their team tweeted.
The A, C and E trains are being evacuated, according to police.
The MTA says numerous trains are now bypassing Times Square and Port Authority.
MTA confirms the following changes:
Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 7 trains, and N, Q, R and W trains are bypassing Times Sq-42 St in both directions, according to the MTA.
A, C and E Subway trains are bypassing 42 St/Port Authority-Bus Terminal in both directions.
There is no S 42 St shuttle service in both directions.
CHECK BACK FOR UPDATES TO THIS DEVELOPING STORY.
OVERLAND PARK, Kansas -- Police in suburban Kansas City say a suspect has been taken into custody in a Tuesday morning crime spree that spanned three scenes and left a contract worker at a local elementary school dead.
Scroll for more content...
In the first incident, two workers outside Sunrise Point Elementary school in Overland Park were shot and wounded, Overland Police public information officer John Lacy told CBS News. School is out of session and no students were at the school at the time of the shooting, around 9 a.m., reports CBS affiliate KCTV.
One of the wounded contractors later died, Overland Park police said. The other remains in critical condition. Police say the two men were part of a group of up to six workers in the area and that the suspect in the case was a fellow contractor, police say. The workers had been at the school renovating a playground, and the shooting happened after some kind of argument, KCTV reports.
The suspect fled and attempted a carjacking at a nearby car wash, police say. Police say shots were fired but no one was hit.
When that carjacking was unsuccessful, the suspect carjacked another vehicle, described as a Black 2011 Denali.
Police later said they located the vehicle abandoned, but the suspect was still at large. Lacy said via Twitter just before noon that police had surrounded a home near W. 159th and Rosewood in relation to the shooting, and the suspect was soon after arrested outside the home, the station reports.
No one else was injured.
The names of the suspect and the victims have not been released. There was no word of a motive.
This is a developing story.
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SEDGWICK COUNTY— Law enforcement authorities are investigating an armed robbery and asking for help to locate suspects.
Just before 8pm Friday officers responded to an armed robbery call at the Metro PCS in the 2700 block of east Central, in Wichita, according to officer Charley Davidson.
Upon arrival officers made contact with a 34-year-old male employee who stated three unknown suspects entered the business armed with handguns and demanded money and cell phones.
The suspects took money and cell phones and fled the store on foot. There were no injuries reported. If anyone has any additional information on this case please call Crime Stoppers at 316-268-4407 or WPD Detectives at 316-267-2111.
OAKVILLE — Halton Regional Police say an Oakville man is facing 11 counts in an internet child exploitation investigation.
They say the 33-year-old was arrested on Tuesday and was to appear in Milton court on Friday.
Investigators say the offences are alleged to have occurred in Hamilton and Oakville between June 2017 and January 2018.
Tyler Leach is charged with two counts each of sexual assault, sexual interference and possession of child pornography, four counts of making child pornography, and one count of distribution of child pornography.
MEMPHIS, Tenn (localmemphis.com) – After a 67-year absence, the Memphis Zoo is once again home to mandrills.
“Babu,” “Kimani” and “Gertrude,” are now on exhibit in the old Patas monkey habitat in Zambezi River Hippo Camp.
Babu, the male, came to the Memphis Zoo by way of Granby Zoo in Canada. The 9-year-old is the largest of the three mandrills, and also the most brightly colored.
Kimani, also a 9-year-old, arrived from the Birmingham Zoo. She's the larger of the two females, and has more of a pink coloration on their nose.
Gertrude, the smallest, is seven, and also came from the Birmingham Zoo.
Mandrills, the largest and most colorful of all Old World monkeys, are sometimes called forest baboons.
Arroyo's midnight appointment of Corona as chief justice and Aquino's choice for their replacement caused tectonic shifts
Published 11:00 AM, March 20, 2018
“In a highly politicized context as in the Philippines, appointment to the office of the Chief Justice based on seniority is a tradition that minimizes the jockeying for appointment within and outside of the Court. The tradition of seniority has a way of muting political ambitions and insulates to some degree the office of the Chief Justice from the patronato system.”
These were the words of Raphael Lotilla, a former law professor at the University of the Philippines, in a letter they wrote declining their nomination for chief justice in 2012. The country had just witnessed a first in its history, the impeachment and conviction of a chief justice, Renato Corona, and the search had begun for their replacement.
Hierarchy is king in Padre Faura. You could feel this as you step into the Court and witness the 15 justices descend into the session hall for the occasional oral arguments. The most junior enter first and occupy the seats in the half-moon table that are farthest from the center where the chief justice sits. The most senior sit to the left and right of the head of the Court.
In weekly en banc meetings, the same rule applies. There was a time when the joke was: by the time the bowl of peanuts that was passed around reached the most junior, there was hardly anything left. And since only the 15 justices attend these meetings – there is not a single staff member present – the most junior, who sits nearest the door, is tasked to open it whenever the coffee server knocks.
You could also see the hierarchical nature of the Court in the titles of the justices: there is a senior associate justice and there is, simply, an associate justice. Such is the lay of the land in the 3rd co-equal branch of government.
In Malacañang, President Benigno Aquino III was impervious to the more-than-a-century history of the Court where tradition reigned. Aquino picked one of the most junior justices, Maria Lourdes Sereno, to lead the Court at a time when the institution was still gathering its bearings after the historic impeachment of its chief justice.
This was the context of Lotilla's letter. Apolinario Bruselas, a Court of Appeals justice, shared Lotilla's view. They told me in an interview for my book, Hour Before Dawn: The Fall and Uncertain Rise of the Philippine Supreme Court, that after shaking up the Court, it was time to restore stability and the equilibrium in the balance of power. “By allowing tradition to take hold, the President allows the theoretically weakest [branch of government] to regain its self respect. In other words, by restraining himself, the executive provides strategic stability.”
Midnight appointment
President Gloria Arroyo broke this tradition twice. The first time was in 2005, when they appointed Artemio Panganiban, the second most senior on the court, as chief justice. This was a short-lived arrangement as Panganiban served only for 11 months after which Reynato Puno, the most senior, was named chief justice. The disequilibrium that Panganiban's appointment caused seemed innocuous.
It was Arroyo's midnight appointment of Renato Corona as chief justice in 2010 – during the election period wherein appointments were banned – that shook the judiciary. The Constitution (Article 7, Section 15) is explicit: “Two months immediately before the next Presidential elections and up to the end of their term, a President or Acting President shall not make appointments, except temporary appointments to executive positions when continued vacancies therein will prejudice public service or endanger public safety.”
The Supreme Court reinterpreted the Constitution and overturned an earlier decision that the ban covered the judiciary. In 1998, the Court, in a unanimous vote, found the appointments of two regional trial court judges to have been “unquestionably made during the period of the ban.” The Court said that the President was “neither required to make appointments to the courts nor allowed to do so” during the ban which takes effect only once in every 6 years.
Amid the highly-charged political atmosphere in 2010, the Court allowed Arroyo to name the next chief justice. They declared the judiciary special, exempting the institution from the ban.
The most senior on the Court, Antonio Carpio, accepted the nomination of the Judicial and Bar Council for chief justice on one condition: that the shortlist be made by the next president. In effect, they opted out of the midnight appointment process.
What we see today are the aftershocks of Arroyo's appointment of Corona and Aquino's choice for their replacement. These have caused tectonic shifts in an institution which is still trying to rise from the conviction of Corona.
The Corona trial brought to the fore issues of corruption in the most secretive branch of government. It was part of a cleansing process that began at the top, jolted the Court, and pushed it to be transparent.
What is most unfortunate is that the impeachment of Sereno is taking place under a strongman who undermines institutions and wants to control the judiciary.
History has its own momentum, and the Court is caught up in its force. – Rappler.com
Harold Backer made their plea in Victoria on Wednesday; the Crown is seeking a 13-month jail sentence
A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has pleaded guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer changed their plea Wednesday in Victoria provincial court on a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian was previously facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Backer disappeared on Nov. 3, 2015, when they failed to return home after telling their family they were going out for a bike ride.
RELATED: Missing Olympian turns themselves in to Victoria Police
The investment dealer surrendered to police in April 2017 and their whereabouts during that period of time hasn't been explained.
Soon after they disappeared, financial crime investigators began looking into Backer and the company My Financial Backer Corp. after their investors received letters that concerned them.
The 55-year-old was on the Canadian rowing team in the 1984, 1988 and 1992 Olympic Games.
After their disappearance, police in Port Angeles, Wash., said an officer who viewed video from a street security camera noted a man fitting Backer's description was aboard a ferry from Victoria, a 90-minute trip away.
RELATED: Lawsuit seeks restitution from former Olympian
The guilty plea was entered by defence lawyer Joven Narwal on behalf of Backer, a thin, bearded man who was dressed in a grey pinstripe suit.
Crown attorney John Neal told Judge Carmen Rogers they are seeking a 13-month jail sentence and three years of probation for Backer. They also want a no-contact order for five people who lost money as a result of Backer's fraud.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
BEIJING (Sputnik) - The Chinese Defense Ministry expressed its objection on Sunday to the "absurd" assumptions made in the US Nuclear Posture Review about the country's plans to increase its nuclear weapons capability.
"The US Defense Department published the country's nuclear doctrine, which contained absurd assumptions on China's development plans, exaggerating the threat of the Chinese nuclear forces, we strongly oppose this," a statement, published on the ministry's official WeChat account, read.
The statement also stressed that "China firmly adheres to the peaceful path of development and defensive nature of state policy, strictly complies with its obligations to implement the principle of never and under no circumstances using nuclear weapons first, as well as of never using or threatening to use nuclear weapons against states without nuclear capacity and in nuclear-weapon-free zones."
READ MORE: Moscow Identifies Reasons Behind New US Nuclear Doctrine
The US nuclear doctrine, published on Friday, said that Russia and China have added new types of nuclear capabilities to their arsenals, engaging in "increasingly aggressive behavior, including in outer space and cyberspace."
The Nuclear Posture Review (NPR) envisages short-term plans to modify existing submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) warheads to provide a low-yield option and pursue a modern nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile (SLCM) in the long run.
The doctrine notes that these activities are not intended at being employed for nuclear warfare, however, they are aimed at raising the US nuclear threshold to ensure that the country's potential adversaries perceive no possible advantage in nuclear escalation.
Commenting on the US doctrine, Moscow called Washington's claims that Russia had refused to further decrease its nuclear capabilities a "blatant falsification."
* Futures down: Dow 22 pts, S&P 2.75 pts, Nasdaq 4.75 pts
By Tanya Agrawal
March 30 U.S. stock index futures were slightly lower on Thursday as investors awaited key economic data, including a final reading on fourth-quarter GDP numbers, and speeches by a host of Federal Reserve officials.
* The market has been choppy in the past few days as investors look for new catalysts and ahead of first-quarter corporate earnings.
* Investors have been assessing what the Republicans' failure to pass a healthcare bill means for tax reform and the rest of President Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda, hopes for which have helped drive stocks to record highs.
* The stock rally may be near its peak, according to a Reuters poll of strategists, who forecast U.S. shares will gain less than 3 percent between now and year-end. The S&P has risen 10.3 percent since the U.S. election.
* The rapid climb in equities has raised concerns regarding valuations, with the S&P 500 trading at nearly 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15 times.
* The market will be looking at quarterly earnings to see if valuations can be supported. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
* The U.S. Commerce Department's third estimate of fourth-quarter GDP is expected to show that the economy grew at a 2.0 percent pace, instead of the previously reported 1.9 percent. The data is expected at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT).
* Separately, initial jobless claims data for the week ended March 25 is expected to show a drop to 248,000 applications from 261,000 reported the week before.
* Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester, Dallas Fed chief Robert Kaplan, San Francisco Fed head John Williams and New York Fed President William Dudley are all scheduled to make appearances.
* On Wednesday, Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said they favored further interest rate hikes this year, while Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the Fed should raise rates three more times in 2017.
* Shares of Lululemon Athletica fell 18.8 percent to $53.84 in premarket trading after the Canadian yoga and leisure apparel retailer said first-quarter comparable sales were expected to fall.
* ConocoPhillips rose 6.4 percent to $48.90 after the company said it agreed to sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy. Cenovus was down 9.8 percent at $11.80.
Futures snapshot at 6:58 a.m. EDT:
* Dow e-minis were down 22 points, or 0.11 percent, with 12,509 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were down 2.75 points, or 0.12 percent, with 80,955 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 4.75 points, or 0.09 percent, on volume of 17,611 contracts. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
A MAN AMONGST SHORT MEN Rare, Surreal Color Footage Of The Tallest Man To Ever Live, Robert Wadlow
Wadlow, who grew to 8'11" as a result of hyperplasia of the pituitary gland, died in 1940 at the age of 22.
LOBAMBA – The Easter services at Lobamba were almost ruined after two love rivals fought over a man in full view of congregants.
The incident happened outside the Lobamba National High School where the Melika Jericho church camped during the course of the Easter services.
This was shortly before the members of the church went to greet Their Majesties at Ludzidzini Royal Residence, before marching to Somhlolo National Stadium.
While waiting for the arrival of the bishop within the school premises, the members of the church who were loitering outside were heard whistling and saying mushaye (beat her).
They ran towards the fighting women and encouraged them to continue fighting as opposed to the principles of the Bible, which says, ‘blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be called the children of God'.
However, some elders of the church who felt embarrassed by the act of the duo assaulted both women while attempting to separate them.
One of the women who is said to have a child with the man, who was identified as Hloniphile, suffered severe injuries as they were assaulted with sticks and belts all over the body by the members of the church.
This was because they didn't stop attacking their love rival who was identified as Gugu Tsela.
As the mob continued to assault Hloniphile, a man who was said to be the bone of contention left the crowd with their new lover.
When Tsela, who had torn their love rival's skirt was asked what they were fighting for, they said, “I was attacked by Hloniphile over my boyfriend. I don't know what they are fighting for because they separated with their child's father. They even left them to live with another man whom they have a child with at Fonteyn.”
The man who was reluctant to speak, said the child's mother started provoking them at around 7pm the previous night. They said they did not know what they wanted from them.
In an interview, Hloniphile, who had visible injuries around their neck, said they would follow the couple to the stadium until the matter was sorted. They said they didn't care much about their relationship but wants the child's father to support their child instead of boasting about their new lover.
It could not be established where the child was when the duo engaged in the fight. The child was later seen carried by their mother when following the duo to the stadium.
The NFL is not just losing white viewers. The NFL isn't just losing black viewers. No, the NFL is hemorrhaging viewers of all races and ages, and they're doing so at a frightening pace.
With the NFL's Week 4 in the rear-view mirror, a review of TV ratings through the league's first month show that the NFL has lost millions of viewers year-over-year, a decline that has picked up speed so far this year. As Awful Announcing recently put it, “It seems everyone is mad at the NFL.”
advertisement
Overall, viewership is down seven percent over 2016, which is bad enough for the league. However, this year's slippage is not the first. Indeed, 2016 — the year of the first national anthem protests — saw a nine percent decline over 2015.
With TV viewers still leaving the NFL in droves, the continued drop in viewers puts an ignominious end to last year's claim that the decline for the 2016 season was likely temporary and was only due to people spending more time watching the 2016 presidential election cycle. This year's decline seems to clearly prove that there is far more to the higher number of people turning away from football than just the temporary diversion of an election cycle.
According to an analysis by Awful Announcing, the NFL's ratings are crashing with steady loses during Week 4 for 2015, 2016, and 2017. Every single overall age bracket, including the important youth demographic, has seen a drop. The numbers show a 12 percent drop in viewership among the 18 to 34 age brackets, a six percent drop among middle-age viewers, and a four percent drop in the over 55 demos.
Ethnic breakdowns also show across the board drops with only a very few demos gaining traction.
Among Asian viewers, for instance, only males between 18 and 34 years of age and women over 55 saw any gains. All other demos experienced an average of a 10 percent drop. However, because the two demos saw that large of an increase, the overall number of Asian viewers rose by three percent. Still, Asian viewers rank as some of the league's fewest fans, so this small rise, is practically meaningless.
Another finding on Asian viewers, shows that even with the tiny rise in viewers for 2017, there are some 100,000 fewer Asian viewers since 2015. So, even this one bright sport is still a loss over two years ago.
Latino or Hispanic viewers is down overall with only one demo staying relatively unchanged. Only the 55 and up age bracket remained status quo, while every other age group for both men and women fell by 10 percent on average and down two percent for the 35 to 54 bracket.
White viewers saw the most significant declines. The loss is especially important because white fans make up the bulk of the NFL's followers. Numbers fell in every single demo among whites for both male and female viewers, with viewership off in the important youth by the steepest margin of 14 percent. The result is a loss of a million white viewers over Week 4 of 2016. And 2016 was itself a loss of two million viewers over that of 2015.
However, though the national anthem protests are thought to favor African American sentiments, the NFL lost black viewers in every single demo as well. The declines in the important 18-34 and 35-54 brackets saw the most significant losses, with a 14 percent and 11 percent loss respectively. The over age 55 brackets was the only demo to stay relatively unchanged, though it saw a small 1 percent decline.
Overall, African American viewership fell by 8 percent over 2016. This followed a 4 percent loss in 2015 and a two percent decline in 2014.
There are a lot of factors piling up against the NFL, all of which combine to put a significant dent in the league's viewership. From people cutting the cord cutting, to social concerns, such as worries over player safety and criticisms of players involved in domestic violence. All the way up to and including the disgust many viewers have over the protests during the playing of the national anthem.
Like Awful Announcing said, for whatever reason, “…everyone is mad at the NFL.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
Near the end of last week's USD 428 Board of Education meeting at the District Education Center in Great Bend, Superintendent Khris Thexton announced the contributions given to the school district.
The Great Bend High School Panther Booster Club shelled out nearly $10,000 for a couple of sports. While the majority of the contribution went to the wrestling program, $500 was given to Panther bowling team for team bowling balls.
Khris Thexton Audio
The school board accepted the donations for the bowling team and wrestling team from Booster Club. $9,495 went to the wrestling team for a competition-wrestling mat.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Earlier in the day, May said they and the cabinet agreed that the government should call a general election on June 8.
"This means that this will be – more than ever before – an election about standing up for Scotland, in the face of a right-wing, austerity obsessed Tory government with no mandate in Scotland but which thinks it can do whatever it wants and get away with it. In terms of Scotland, this move is a huge political miscalculation by the Prime Minister," Sturgeon said in a statement.
The Tories see a chance to move the UK to the right, force through a hard Brexit and impose deeper cuts. Let's stand up for Scotland. #GE17 — Nicola Sturgeon (@NicolaSturgeon) 18 апреля 2017 г.
The United Kingdom officially began the EU withdrawal process in late March by handing a formal letter to European Council President Donald Tusk. According to Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, the United Kingdom now has two years to complete the negotiation process.
Hospitals may soon have to post their standard prices for patients online, under a proposed rule unveiled Tuesday by the Trump administration.
Also, the administration is seeking comments on how to stop so-called surprise billing — when patients are charged after unknowingly being seen by out-of-network providers — and how to give patients better information about the out-of-pocket costs they will face.
And officials are ramping up pressure on hospitals to give patients better access to their medical records electronically or face a penalty.
The proposed rule is the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services' latest effort to give patients more information about the cost of health care and about their own medical history. The guidance applies mainly to Medicare patients and providers, but officials expect it will influence practices across the nation's health care system. It would take effect in 2019.
Related: Trump wants to make it easier for you to access your medical records
The initiative builds on the Obama administration's efforts to increase transparency. Hospitals are already required to provide either a list of their standard charges or their policies for allowing the public to view the prices. Trump officials want hospitals to post this information on the Internet and make it available in a way that third-party app developers can access.
The administration is also pressing providers to increase the sharing of information among hospitals so patients could see all their records, regardless of where they go for care. Currently, a hospital often gives patients access to their data through its own online portal.
“Our administration is serious about ensuring that when a patient leaves a hospital, they are able to get their medical information electronically,” said Seema Verma, the agency's administrator.
CHICAGO – Grammy award-winning singer and member of The Temptations Dennis Edwards has died, their wife, Brenda Edwards, confirmed to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Edwards was 74 years old.
Their wife told the Post that the Motown legend died at a Chicago area hospital after suffering complications related to meningitis.
“My uncle Dennis Edwards passed away this morning,” Edwards' nephew, Jason Quebec, posted on social media Friday. “Please keep my family in prayer.”
Edwards was a long-time resident of Florissant, Missouri. They were a Lifetime Achievement recipient in 2013.
The Temptations were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989. The band's best-known hits include “Papa was a Rollin' Stone,” “Ain't no Mountain High Enough,” “My Girl” and “I Can't Get Next to You.”
February 3 would have been the singer's 75th birthday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SALEM, Ore. (AP) — Reindeer are supposed to pull Santa Claus' sleigh, but in Oregon recently, a red-suited man on a sled wound up pushing a deer.
The reverse-reality Christmas-season tale played out when a deer wandered onto a frozen golf course pond in Sunriver, Oregon, on Friday and then lost its footing.
Try as it might, it couldn't get all its legs underneath him. It skidded and slithered, and its legs buckled.
Along came firefighter Jeff "JJ" Johnston, astride a new ice-rescue sled that was as bright red as the suit they wore, and as the nose on Rudolph the reindeer, which guided Santa's sleigh one foggy Christmas Eve.
Benjamin O'Keefe, a captain in the fire department of the resort and residential community, had their camera rolling. Their video has become a sensation, garnering millions of views and picked up by broadcasters in the United States and overseas.
The young deer's hind legs began pumping, but it couldn't get up on its front legs. It was on an icy treadmill, going nowhere.
Johnston got close, spoke calming words to the deer and — slipping a bit themselves as a tried to gain traction — gently pushed it with the front of the sled to the edge of the pond. Even then, the deer needed some coaxing. It seemed to have enjoyed the slippery ride.
Johnston tapped it on the head with the back of their gloved hand, then scratched the top of its head and ears, like you'd pet a dog.
The deer tried to get onto the sled before it turned around. Pushed once more to the snowy ground, it gained solid footing and, with a wave from Johnston, scampered off, presumably to join its mates in some deer games.
"JJ was talking to it the whole time," said Tammie Waters, office manager for the Sunriver Fire Department. "The deer played along pretty good."
It was the inaugural rescue mission for the sled, which was purchased with a grant from Firehouse Subs, a sandwich restaurant chain, they said. They hope it never happens, but when someone falls through the ice or is stuck on thin ice, the sled will be put to use.
"It was a great way to get training, and rescue a deer," Waters said.
CTV Atlantic
A 56-year-old man and a 46-year-old woman have been charged with importing restricted firearms into Canada after two semi-automatic rifles were seized at the border crossing in Woodstock, N.B.
The RCMP say officers with the Canada Border Services Agency found the semi-automatic rifles and prohibited overcapacity magazines when the pair arrived at the border crossing in Woodstock, N.B. Wednesday evening.
The RCMP was contacted and the man and woman were arrested and taken into custody.
The seizure led police to search a home in Teeds Mills, N.B., where they seized a number of firearms and ammunition, as well as a large quantity of cash, on Thursday.
David Allen Polchies and Sharon Ann Weeks have been charged with importing restricted firearms. The Canada Border Services Agency has also laid charges of non-report, untrue statements, and smuggling, under the Customs Act.
Polchies and Weeks appeared Thursday in Woodstock provincial court. Both were remanded into custody until a bail hearing on Oct. 10.
Police say the investigation is ongoing.
OSBI agents will soon be using drones to map crime scenes. Graduate students and professors at Oklahoma State University are helping them learn how.
OSBI agents will soon be using drones to map crime scenes. Graduate students and professors at Oklahoma State University are helping them learn how.
OSU has one of the most advanced unmanned aircraft programs in the country, and students are showing investigators that the sky really is the limit for drone applications. OSBI partnered with OSU earlier this year, training agents to use the drones instead of airplanes and helicopters.
“The drone is more controllable up close,” said OSBI special agent Steve Neuman. “We're able to hover and take aerial images that can be helpful in crime scene investigations.”
The result is a virtual 3D map from every angle.
"You can zoom in. You can move around. You can see everything in one area. You don't have to be at the crime scene anymore,” OSU graduate student Kristen McKinney said.
The goal is to find and show evidence, and determine positions of the people involved, all in the name of justice.
"We can study and we can present it in the courtroom in a 3D manner. It puts the jury right at the crime scene,” Neuman said.
This mapping is just the first of many applications the OSBI plans to use. The drones may also help with manhunts and missing persons one day, but students say they are still determining how to make all these ideas come to life.
“Because of the hype, because of everyone being interested, it's going to make the technology increase faster,” said Jordan Feight, who just graduated with a master's degree in mechanical and aerospace engineering.
With crime scene investigations alone, though, the state may be able to save hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not more, compared to using airplanes.
“We're not putting manned personnel over the scene,” said Neuman. “Plus the cost to operate is pennies on the dollar.”
The agents are still developing necessary guidelines for the crime scene mapping to hold up in court. They hope to be using the technology in the field by the end of summer.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - A judge declared a mistrial Monday in the retrial of an undocumented immigrant accused of being the driver in a San Ysidro, California hit-and-run crash which seriously injured a young boy.
Constantino Banda Acosta was charged with the crash on May 6, 2017.
Investigators said Banda ran a stop sign and crashed their pickup truck into the Lake family's Honda Accord.
6-year-old Lennox Lake was in a child safety seat at the back of the car. They suffered serious head injuries.
Banda left the scene but was arrested about two miles away after Border Patrol agents spotted their damaged truck parked on a street, police said.
During Banda's first trial, their passenger, Jorge Adame Ariza, also an undocumented immigrant from Mexico, testified under a grant of immunity during the defendant's two-day preliminary hearing in June that they and Banda had a number of beers that night before the accident.
Adame said Banda got into a fight with another man outside a Chula Vista restaurant. Adame told them they picked up Banda but later moved into the passenger seat with Banda behind the wheel during the crash.
San Diego police Officer Michael Muniz testified in the first trial that Banda's blood-alcohol content measured .151 and .152 percent -- the legal limit is .08 -- during two breathalyzer tests.
Federal immigration officials said Banda has been deported from the United States at least 15 times over the past 15 years, most recently on January 18.
A judge will decide Friday whether a third trial will take place.
Abhay Singh Atwal was born at 12:27 am on Janaury 1st at Surrey Memorial Hospital.
Abhay is family's third child, and all are boys. First Arjun, 10, and Balbhag, 7, they were born in March. The family is very happy.
CLOSE As Congress tries to find a compromise for legal protections for the nearly 800,000 undocumented immigrants who came to the U.S. as children, the North Carolina Republican has emerged as one of the key voices in the debate. USA TODAY
Buy Photo Chants of "No hate, no fear, immigrants are welcome here" could be heard from the corner of U.S. 41 and Third Avenue South in Naples on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Valerie Minuche holds up a sign alongside other protesters who gathered to demonstrate opposition to the 287(g) pact. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily News)Buy Photo
A group of Collier County residents asked Sheriff Kevin Rambosk at a public meeting Monday to end the county's cooperative agreement with the federal government that empowers local law enforcementto assist Washington in cracking down on undocumented immigrants.
The sheriff listened as they denounced the agreement, known as 287(g), for 90 minutes at the Collier County Profession Development Center, and they promised to review their concerns and respond to them by the end of the week.
Yet they seemed disinclined to give them what they really wanted — an end to the county's cooperative agreement with federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials, as all but three other Florida counties already have done.
“Some of your information is not accurate,” they told the 15 speakers and more than 50 of their supporters who attended the meeting.
Sheriff Kevin Rambosk (Photo: Daily News file)
They also disputed their contention that 287(g) enforcement in Collier County is racially biased and their suggestion that the law on which is is based operates on skimpy legal grounds.
“The program has withstood legal challenges up to today,” the sheriff told its critics.
And during a brief interview after the meeting, they said they believed 287(g) has made the county a safer place to a live since its adoption nine years — a stance that is diametrically opposed to one of the opponent's key arguments.
Buy Photo Bryan Oliva-Infante marches alongside other protesters who gathered to demonstrate opposition to the controversial 287(g) pact in Naples on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily News)
The opponents said 287(g) has made immigrants in the county fearful about coming forward to report any crimes or to serve as witnesses.
“Immigrant communities in Collier County live in fear,” said Karynn Claro, a U.S. citizen and 10-year resident of the county. They questioned reports from the sheriff's office and ICE that crime has diminished here because of 287(g).
“Has crime really decreased or gone unreported,” they asked. “Why would you call police if you might be deported?”
Phyllis Andrews, another speaker, asked whether the sheriff and other officials believed crime victims should “be afraid to contact the police.”
Others reported that some immigrants even are reluctant to attend school meetings for their children because they might be questioned or detained by local officers.
They also said this fear in the immigrant community is emboldening criminals to act more aggressively.
“Assailants know the victims are not going to report” crimes,” Andrews said. “That's what makes us unsafe.”
The speakers gave a number of other reasons why they believe the cooperative agreement between Collier County and ICE is counterproductive and bad for local citizens:
» It encourages racial profiling.
» It disrupts families, by deporting parents of American children who might be undocumented, and creates anxiety among children that their parents might be apprehended by local officers and sent away.
» It transfers what should be a federal responsibility to local police officers.
» It forces officers to spend time on federal work and prevents them from attending to their local law enforcement duties, thus making the county less safe.
» It costs the county money that should be coming out of the federal treasury.
Rambosk defended their officers, saying, “Your deputies do an excellent job in protecting the community.”
Buy Photo After their demonstration, protesters gather outside the Leila B Canant Professional Development Center in Naples to attend a meeting with Collier County Sheriff Kevin Rambosk and representatives from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Photo: Liam James Doyle/Naples Daily News)
Yet they acknowledged that the question of how much 287(g) was costing the county was a legitimate one, and they said they would try to find out the cost and report back to those who had raised the issue.
They also said they would report on “what do we see as the positive or negative impact” of the county's agreement with ICE.
While the county can pull out of the agreement whenever it chooses, as hundreds of other jurisdictions around the country have done, it currently runs through June 30, 2019.
Sean Teeling, a program manager with ICE, reported at the hearing that the number of 287(g) encounters in the county with people born outside the United States dropped from 2,155 in fiscal year 2016 to 1,632 in the most recent year. Those encounters led to the removal of 237 people this year and 75 in 2016.
They also detailed five cases in Collier that involved people who had committed violent crimes and were either imprisoned or deported, or are awaiting deportation.
Teeling described Collier as a “model” jurisdiction when it comes to its involvement with 287(g).
The agreement's critics, however, were not as laudatory.
“287(g) is un-American,” said Angela Cisneros, co-founder of the group Collier for Dreamers.
Before the meeting, more than a dozen opponents of 287(g) held a protest march that ended at the professional development center. They chanted and held signs expressing ideas like “Immigrants welcome here” and “End 287(g).”
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/local/2017/12/11/sheriff-promises-review-immigration-agreement-federal-government/940741001/
Saints have beaten several other interested clubs to sign exciting back rower James Bentley from Bradford Bulls on a three-year deal.
Dubbed the best player in the Championship “by an absolute mile” by former Saints' star Leon Pryce, 19-year-old Bentley made their debut for the Bulls against Oldham last season.
He's gone on to score 15 tries in 23 appearances and has been one of the Bulls' standout performers.
“James is a quality young player and we are pleased to bring them to the club,” said Saints' head coach Justin Holbrook.
“He's powerful, strong and is consistent in their performances week in week out.
“He knows they have a lot of improvement in him, too, and he's looking forward to developing in our system.”
Bentley played for Oulton Raiders before progressing through Bradford Bulls' Academy ranks.
They said: “I can't wait to get over there and get started. It was a big decision to leave, an emotional one as well but I am looking forward to being playing at the top level. It is a decision I've made to further my career.
“I'm expecting the step up to be hard, it's going to be a lot faster and a lot tougher but I am looking forward to and going head first into the challenge.
“I can't wait to get over there; some of the players that they have like Ben Barba and Jon Wilkin, are just great players. I can learn from them and become a better player.
“I'm committed to the Bulls for the rest of the season I want to finish with my time here on a high.”
Officials with the Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transportation (HART) will hold community meeting Monday night to address upcoming rail construction near the Daniel K. Inouye International Airport.
The meeting starts at 7 p.m. at Radford High School's cafeteria. Businesses and residents are encouraged to attend.
HART officials will address traffic changes, noise levels and other impacts that may stem from the project along Kamehameha Highway between Aloha Stadium and the H-1 interchange.
Crews are expected to be use bulldozers, excavators, pumps and other large construction equipment 24 hours a day.
Construction on the Airport Guideway and Stations (AGS) segment of the Honolulu Rail Transit Project will begin in September.
The stretch of the line from Aloha Stadium to Middle Street is being handled by three mainland firms, Shimmick, Traylor and Granite.
They won a $875 million contract to finish the work by 2021.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
March 30 Fast food giant McDonald's Corp said on Thursday it would make its Quarter Pounder burgers with fresh beef, prepared when ordered, by mid-2018 in most of its restaurants.
The company has been implementing changes to attract more diners, phasing out the use of eggs from caged hens by 2025, and also removing artificial preservatives and high fructose corn syrup from its food.
McDonald's said it tested the new Quarter Pounders in about 400 restaurants in the Dallas-Fort Worth area and in Tulsa, Oklahoma. (Reporting by Jessica Kuruthukulangara in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
This report studies the global Directional Antenna market, analyzes and researches the Directional Antenna development status and forecast in the United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia.
This report studies the global Directional Antenna market, analyzes and researches the Directional Antenna development status and forecast in the United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia.
This report focuses on the top players in global market, like
Skyworks?US?
Qorvo?US?
TriQuint?US?
RFMD?US?
Avago?US?
Murata?Japan?
Epcos?Germany?
Infineon?Germany?
RDA?China?
Vanchip?China?
Market segments by Regions/Countries, this report covers
United States
EU
Japan
China
India
Southeast Asia
Market segments by Type, the product can be split into
Longwave
Mediumwave
Shortwave
Market segments by Application, Directional Antenna can be split into
Reception Signal
Emit Signal
Table of Contents
Global Directional Antenna Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025
1 Industry Overview of Directional Antenna
1.1 Directional Antenna Market Overview
1.1.1 Directional Antenna Product Scope
1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook
1.2 Global Directional Antenna Market Size and Analysis by Regions (2013-2018)
1.2.1 United States
1.2.2 EU
1.2.3 Japan
1.2.4 China
1.2.5 India
1.2.6 Southeast Asia
1.3 Directional Antenna Market by Type
1.3.1 Longwave
1.3.2 Mediumwave
1.3.3 Shortwave
1.4 Directional Antenna Market by End Users/Application
1.4.1 Reception Signal
1.4.2 Emit Signal
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now!
https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-directional-antenna-market-size-status-and-forecast-2025/request-sample
Photo: Courtesy Shore Fire
By Scott T. Sterling
After recently swearing off interviews, Morrissey has taken matters into their own hands.
Related: The Killers Cover Morrissey and the Smiths: Watch
The alt-rock legend took to Facebook to decry commentary presented in a recent interview with German publication, Der Spiegel, regarding Donald Trump, Kevin Spacey and more.
“A few weeks ago, I foolishly allowed Germany's Der Spiegel into my life,” Moz shared on the post under the headline, “The Slander System.”
“Since they eagerly flew from Berlin to beloved Los Angeles in order to talk and laugh, I assumed a common understanding. Would I kill Donald Trump? No, never. Would I support Kevin Spacey's private proclivities? No, never. Would I ever support abuse of children? No, never.”
“In the world of music, as with politics, if you show any signs of being able to make a difference, you will be blocked, and you will have your arms tugged out from their sockets,” Morrissey added later in the message. “In the same world of music, if you have nothing to say, if your brain is a mental frost and if your pointless songs are the eyes of a dead fish, then your number 1 position awaits unmasked, and your five-star reviews shall keep the press alive.”
Read Morrissey's full statement below.
Vice President Mike Pence is in Japan after visiting the demilitarized zone along the border between North and South Korea and announcing that the era of "strategic patience" is over. Is a new Korean War on the horizon?
Turkey has narrowly voted yes in a referendum to vastly expand the powers of President Erdoğan, but as the opposition alleges fraud and protests mount will Erdoğan be able to consolidate their victory? Güney Işıkara, political analyst and Ph.D. student in economics at the New School for Social Research, joins Brian.
The European Union and China begin a three-day summit today. These talks have taken on heightened significance ahead of the UK's exit from the EU and the global pushback against neo-liberal trade deals. China expert Keith Bennett joins the show to examine the significance of the summit.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com.
Have you heard the news? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Dongsanqi village is the latest community to be demolished under a municipal campaign to dismantle what the city authority says are unsafe dwellings following years of "disorderly" development.
Cosimo Ernesto Commisso, who did not have a criminal record growing up in York Region, worked at the family's two upscale restaurants in Woodbridge and Yorkville.
A Star investigation last year found some of Commisso's family had clashed with aggressive newcomers from B.C. and Quebec, allied to a gang called the Wolfpack Alliance.
Anastasios (Tassos) Leventis, who was connected to the Wolfpack Alliance, caused a disturbance at the family restaurant in Yorkville in 2016, picking a fight with Cosimo Ernesto Commisso, the Star investigation was told.
Leventis had moved to downtown Toronto from Montreal more than a year ago to collect drug debts owed to Montrealers, the Star investigation was told.
Leventis was shot and killed on Jan. 30, 2017 after they stepped out that afternoon of their condo complex on George St. near Adelaide St. E., near George Brown College.
Two handguns were found at the scene. No arrest has been made
Leventis's older brother Mihale (Big Mike) is in custody in Quebec, scheduled to go on trial later this summer in Montreal on drug trafficking and gangsterism charges connected to a massive police operation called Project Loquace.
Mihale Leventis was charged when police made more than 100 arrests in November and December of 2012. The Sûreté du Québec charged that Mihale Leventis was one of six men who formed a consortium with ties to the Hells Angels and Irish West End Gang that organized the distribution of the cocaine.
At the time of the arrests, police said the suspects bought cocaine from Mexican drug cartels and transported it overland into Canada.
Anastasios Leventis, a computer technician, pleaded guilty to drug smuggling and conspiracy charges in a separate marijuana-smuggling case in 2009 called Project Cancun.
The RCMP-led operation targeted drug traffickers in the Mohawk communities of Kahnawake, Akwesasne and Kanesatake.
Anastasios Leventis's organization delivered marijuana to American clients via the Akwesasne reserve. The marijuana was often packed in hockey bags and the smugglers used boats in the summer and snowmobiles and trucks on ice bridges in the winter, police said.
A Star investigation last summer reported that there were two credible death threats against other men in the Commisso family last year, and that the men declined police protection from York Region police.
Mihale Leventis was arrested in November 2012 in a major Sûreté du Québec operation called Loquace, which police said involved links between Irish organized crime, the Hells Angels and other groups, including some from B.C.
At the time of their arrest in 2012, Mihale Leventis was part of a cocaine trafficking consortium with branches in Toronto, Quebec police said.
The Star investigation noted that tensions between the GTA 'Ndrangheta and others in the underworld ramped up after Vito Rizzuto, considered by police to be Canada's most powerful mobster, died in Montreal in December 2013, reportedly of natural causes.
A YOUNG American man tried an underhand serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmm. Seen that before, haven't we?
Except there was one key difference this time: For 21-year-old Jared Donaldson against No. 4-seed Grigor Dimitrov on Wednesday, unlike for 17-year-old - and eventual tournament champion - Michael Chang against Ivan Lendl in 1989, the unorthodox strategy didn't come in a victory.
Dimitrov came back to beat the 57th-ranked Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round match that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on the new Court 18 at Roland Garros.
The most memorable aspect was Donaldson's two unusual service motions; they won the point the first time, but not the other.
“I would never try it if I was feeling 100 percent and stuff,” said Donaldson, who could barely move by the end because of painful cramps in their legs.
“But obviously Grigor was playing so far back on the return that I felt like, ‘You know, maybe it's just something that I'll try.' They obviously aren't expecting it, you know what I mean? It's kind of a cheeky way to get a point.”
Donaldson said they have never seen footage of what Chang did 29 years ago. They did, however, know of the episode: Chang used an underhand serve while cramping during a fourth-round win over Lendl on the way to the French Open title; they remain the youngest man to win a major singles championship. Dimitrov was not angered by the tactic.
Quite the opposite, actually, shrugging their shoulders and conceding it was smart for Donaldson to try it.
“It was beautiful, right?” Dimitrov said. “He wanted to use something different to kind of try to put me off guard.” Before their first underhand attempt, Donaldson was actually two points from the victory, leading 6-5 in the fifth set and at love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points.
In the next game, at 6-all, 40-30, Donaldson successfully used the underhand motion. They hit a short serve that two-time Grand Slam semi-finalist Dimitrov returned long to allow Donaldson to hold.
After Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and serve for the victory, Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone run. They double-faulted. Then they tried their second underhand serve, dropping the point. Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 lead, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover and, soon enough, it was over.
“It wasn't that I was tired or anything,” Donaldson said. “It was just my leg muscles had reached their limit, basically.” After the final point, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss - thanking their own legs for carrying them to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
“I had quite a little bit left in the tank, so that was great,” said Dimitrov, who equalled their best French Open showing by reaching the third round. “And I think it meant a lot to the whole team, but especially to my fitness guy. ... It's great to win a match in five sets. I think it stays with you. You keep it.”
BRASILIA Brazilian Supreme Court justice Gilmar Mendes ordered the release from jail of former mining and oil magnate Eike Batista, once the country's richest man, ahead of their trial on corruption charges, the court said on Friday.
Batista has been jailed since Jan. 30 when they voluntarily returned to Rio from New York after four days as a fugitive.  They are expected to stand trial along with an ex-Rio de Janeiro governor who allegedly took millions in bribes from the former billionaire.
The judge said that although grave, the crimes Batista stands accused of did not involve violence or threats to others and did not justify keeping the former tycoon in detention while legal proceedings advance.
Federal prosecutors accuse Batista, former governor Sergio Cabral and seven others of facilitating graft and hiding illegal funds in offshore shell companies.
Five years ago, Batista, 60, had a net worth exceeding $30 billion and ranked among the world's 10 richest people.
Prosecutors said Batista paid $16.5 million to the ex-Rio de Janeiro governor for their businesses to win lucrative government contracts.
(Reporting by Ricardo Brito; Writing by Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Sandra Maler)
An Island Health Protection Services Officer has been recognized with an International Bravery Award.
Charles Kraeling was working at the Cowichan District Hospital last July when they and their partner were paged to answer a “Code White”, a patient had a knife and was threatening staff and others in a four bedroom……
Kraeling was also recognized with the provincial Award of Valour last November.
Mark King is the Manager of Protection Services for Island Health and says Kraeling was handed the International Award at a conference in Chicago last week……
King says Island Health is the only health authority in B.C. that has an in-house security team.
There are 90 full time protection services officers located in health facilities for Island Health.
President Donald Trump has banned U.S. citizens from investing in Venezuela's recently launched state cryptocurrency.
The order, signed by Trump on Monday, prohibits “all transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in, by a United States person or within the United States, any digital currency, digital coin, or digital token, that was issued by, for, or on behalf of the Government of Venezuela on or after January 9, 2018.”
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin also told reporters that the move would mean socialist dictator Nicolás Maduro “can no longer take advantage of the American financial system to facilitate the wholesale looting of the Venezuelan economy at the expense of the Venezuelan people.”
Regime officials have previously claimed to have raised $735 million during the currency's pre-sale, although this figure is disputed by cryptoanalysts.
Maduro has argued the initiative will help Venezuela “advance in issues of monetary sovereignty,” mainly by bypassing previous economic sanctions imposed by the Trump administration and other powers such as the European Union, although any form of major investment now appears extremely unlikely.
“It's a pretty big blow,” Russ Dallen, the managing director at Caracas Capital, told Bloomberg. “Since most cryptocurrencies are not actually backed by anything real, cryptocurrency speculation is based on the greater fool theory – I can buy this at $100 because there is someone who is a bigger idiot who is going to buy it at $200.”
“When you take the U.S. out of that equation, you reduce the interest and potential for that speculation,” they continued.
The currency, backed by Venezuela's extensive oil reserves, has already been declared illegal by Venezuela's democratically elected National Assembly, who condemned an illegal attempt to mortgage the country's natural resources to keep the increasing despotic regime in power.
The move is the latest action by the Trump administration to squeeze the Maduro regime, which continues to degrade democratic institutions while overseeing the worst economic and humanitarian crisis in the country's history.
Before their removal as Secretary of State last week, Rex Tillerson said that the administration was considering blocking all sales of Venezuelan oil in a bid to weaken the regime even further.
The White House has already imposed multiple sanctions on the Maduro regime prohibiting Americans from dealing with Venezuela's state-run oil company Petroleum of Venezuela (PDSVA), as well as personal sanctions targeting high ranking government officials including Maduro himself.
Follow Ben Kew on Facebook, Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com.
× Driver tosses bag of stolen jewelry onto freeway during chase
SAN DIEGO — A residential burglary suspect led officers on a 12-minute road chase from Del Mar Heights to Pacific Beach Friday, tossing a bag of loot onto Interstate 5 before pulling over near Mission Bay High School and surrendering, authorities reported.
A housekeeper who works at a home in the 2400 block of Vantage Way in San Diego discovered shortly before 10:30 a.m. that the residence had been ransacked, then saw a young man driving off in a car belonging to the victims, according to police.
About seven minutes later, patrol personnel spotted the stolen light-green Nissan sedan a few blocks from the scene of the home invasion and tried to make a traffic stop, Officer Tony Martinez said. The suspect refused to yield, drove off to the west and entered nearby I-5.
While fleeing to the south, the driver of the Nissan managed to avoid a tire-flattening spike strip officers tossed onto the freeway in their path and tossed a sack of stolen jewelry out of the car, Martinez said.
They then exited onto Garnet Avenue and headed west, continuing to flee for about a half-mile before pulling to a stop on Culver Street, just north of Grand Avenue. At that point, officers took them into custody without further incident.
The suspect's name was not immediately available.
StampNews.com is excited to let each stamp enthusiast know that An Post issued four bright and colourful stamps that celebrate Ireland's street art.
The stamps (€1) feature the work of leading exponents of the contemporary art form which had variously been described as ‘guerrilla art' or just plan ‘graffiti', including Maser, Conor Harrington, Fin DAC and James Earley.
What began as visual art in public locations without permission has quickly grown to become a leading art form in its own right. Urban street art is now a feature of the modern urban landscape allowing artists to communicate directly with the public without the restrictions of the formal art world or the need for gallery space. In recent years, street art has itself become mainstream with leading exponents like Banksy getting public attention.
Maser, originally from Ireland but now resident in the USA, began painting street art around the streets of Dublin in 1995. Their unique abstract style soon earned the respect of their peers and brought with it an international reputation.
Conor Harrington, from Cork, but now based in London, paints outdoor murals and traditional gallery artwork. Fin DAC, also from Cork, is another with an international reputation, working and exhibiting alongside arts like Goldie, Nick Walker and Jef Aersol.
James Earley is a street artist from Dun Laoghaire. They have curated design retrospectives graffiti art festivals and art collections and is best known for a remarkable Joycean makeover of Dublin's Blooms Hotel in Temple Bar.
By Arra B. Francia, Reporter
ARANETA CENTER, Inc. (ACI) expects to complete by October its new P3-billion Cubao office tower, which it hopes will attract business process outsourcing (BPO) firms and offshore gaming companies.
On Monday, the property company topped off Cyberpark 2 Tower, which covers a gross leasable area of 71,000 square meters (sq.m.) on 31 floors, in Quezon City. Two storeys are dedicated for retail areas, while another three will be allocated for basement parking.
ACI had tapped Megawide Construction Corp. to construct the tower.
Cyberpark 2 Tower has also been registered with the Philippine Economic Zone Authority, granting tax incentives to locators.
“(This will be) an answer to businesses that are saddled in congested business districts and looking to the north for options and solutions,” ACI Senior Management Consultant Rowell L. Recinto said during the topping-off ceremony.
ACI said the tower will be partially completed by July, by which time it will be opened to tenants. As of now, half of Cyberpark 2's space has already been leased out to tenants, with the company continuing negotiations with other firms.
The tower is ACI's second building in the eight-hectare Araneta Center complex, following Cyberpark 1 which has a GLA of 66,000 sq.m. The two towers bring ACI's gross floor area in the complex to 200,000 sq.m.
The company is targeting both BPOs and offshore gaming firms for both towers, noting its prime location in the vicinity of major transport networks such as the Metro Rail Transit Line 3, Light Rail Transit Line 2, and terminals for provincial buses and jeepneys.
“Both buildings are designed to meet the highly specialized demands of the offshore and outsourcing companies,” Mr. Recinto said.
Among the BPO firms that have located in Cyberpark 1 include Sterling, Stellar, Genesys, and 24/7 In Touch.
“The BPO sector is expected to continue its growth trajectory because the Philippines presents an irresistible alternative to companies around the world looking to remain competitive by tapping the unquestionable talent of globally competitive Filipinos in the bustling sector,” ACI said.
Also located in the Araneta Center complex is Manhattan Garden City, an 18-tower residential complex that has yet to be completed, as well as Smart Araneta Coliseum and Kia Theatre; the Gateway Mall; and the Novotel Manila-Araneta Center.
Myron Ebell, the Competitive Enterprise Institute's (CEI) director of Energy and Environment programs and the Trump administration's Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) transition chair, released an exclusive statement to Breitbart News.
Ebell argued that eliminating the Obama-era EPA's Clean Power Plan (CPP) serves as a crucial part of “Trump's deregulatory agenda.”
advertisement
Breitbart News revealed on Friday that the EPA will repeal the EPA's Clean Power Plan, a signature climate change regulation spawned during the Obama administration.
Ebell lobbied for drastic cuts at the EPA while serving as EPA transition chair. They argued that the EPA should cut at least half of its workforce. Ebell said, “Let's aim for half and see how it works out, and then maybe we'll want to go further.”
Ebell's proposed cuts would mean that roughly 5,000 employees would remain, which would serve as the lowest amount of staffers the EPA would have since the Nixon administration.
Ebell told Breitbart News that the Clean Power Plan would have been disastrous for the American economy and would have forced energy prices to skyrocket. Ebell said, “If it had gone into effect, the ‘Clean Power' Plan rule to limit greenhouse gas emissions from coal and natural gas power plants would have been one of the most expensive regulations ever imposed, causing electric rates for consumers to go up and threatening the reliability of the electric grid.”
The EPA contended in the document obtained by Breitbart News that the EPA exceeded its statutory authority under the Clean Air Act to force states and power plants to comply with the CPP's regulatory scheme to lower carbon emissions.
Over 150 interested parties, including 27 states, 24 trade associations, 37 rural electric co-ops, and three labor unions sued the EPA, arguing that the CPP was unconstitutional. Ebell that because the Clean Power Plan is illegal, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt would simply follow the law by repealing the Clean Power Plan.
“The Supreme Court blocked implementation of the rule in February 2016. There is little doubt that the court would have eventually decided that the rule is illegal,” Ebell said. “Thus the EPA under Administrator Scott Pruitt is not only doing the right thing for the economy, but is also simply following the laws that govern regulatory activity.”
Former White House chief strategist and Breitbart News executive chairperson Steve Bannon detailed President Donald Trump's agenda in three parts: economic nationalism, national sovereignty, and deconstruction of the administrative state. Bannon argued that if the radical left cannot pass their agenda through legislation, they will push their liberal schemes through administrative fiat. At CPAC, Bannon explained, “The way the progressive left runs is that if they can't get it passed, they're just going to put it in some sort of regulation in an agency,” they said. “That's all going to be deconstructed.”
As president, Trump has remarkable leeway to disassemble the administrative state. Breitbart News has detailed the many times that the president has worked to unravel it.
Myron Ebell claimed, “Scrapping the ‘Clean Power' Plan is a key part of President Trump's deregulatory agenda, which is designed to get the economy moving again. This rule and other greenhouse gas emissions rules are depressing investment and job growth in resource and manufacturing industries.”
On Monday's edition of Breitbart News Tonight on SiriusXM, Senior Editors-at-Large Rebecca Mansour and Joel Pollak will take your calls and discuss the news of the day.
Special guest Peter Schweizer, President of the Government Accountability Institute, Breitbart News Editor-at-Large, and author of Secret Empires: How the American Political Class Hides Corruption and Enriches Family and Friends, will join the show to discuss revelations in their latest book regarding political corruption. Secret Empires is hits bookstands tomorrow.
Also slated for discussion is the implosion at Facebook, as the tech giant comes under increase scrutiny from all sides.
They'll also discuss President Trump's comments regarding opioid addiction and drug trafficking during a New Hampshire speech.
Breitbart News Tonight airs Monday through Friday on SiriusXM's Patriot channel 125 from 9:00 p.m. to midnight Eastern (6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. Pacific).
Listeners are encouraged to call into the show at: 1-866-957-2874. Follow Rebecca Mansour (@RAMansour) and Joel Pollak (@JoelPollak) on Twitter for live updates during the show.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Illegal armed formations performed attacks in Damascus, Latakia, Aleppo and Hama provinces, the ministry said Monday.
“Within last 24 hours, 34 bombardments performed by illegal armed formations have been registered in the provinces of Damascus (16), Latakia (7), Aleppo (6), and Hama (5),” the ministry said in a daily bulletin.
A group of women who have accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct came together on Monday and urged Congress to investigate claims of sexual harassment and assault against Trump.
“We are not holding our president accountable for what they are and who they are,” Jessica Leeds, who accused Trump of groping and kissing them on a plane in the late 1970s or early 1980s, said on Monday morning.
They said that they are hopeful the #MeToo movement, which calls attention to sexual harassment and assault, will bring change.
“I'm hoping that it creates more movement and that we get a change,” Leeds said. “We all have to hope.”
Rachel Crooks, who accused Trump of forcibly kissing them in 2005, said that if Congress is willing to investigate Franken, they should also look into claims against the President.
The women who spoke out in a press conference on Monday morning were featured in the video “16 Women and Donald Trump” from Brave New Films.
After the infamous “Access Hollywood” tape revealing Trump bragging about groping women was released about a month before the 2016 election, Trump faced a barrage of sexual misconduct allegations. Trump denied the allegations and pressed on with the campaign, going on to win the White House.
The accusations about Trump have come under increased scrutiny over the past few months as several prominent politicians and members of the media have been accused of sexual misconduct. Trump has also thrown their support behind Republican Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, who faces sexual misconduct allegations as well.
The United States wants to maintain military assets on the ground in Syria after Russian forces exit to ensure US officials are positioned to influence the post-conflict landscape, former CIA officer Philip Giraldi told Sputnik.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — During an unannounced visit to the Hmeimim airbase earlier on Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria to their permanent bases after over two years of an anti-terrorist aerial campaign.
According to US Defense Department spokesperson Eric Pahon, the withdrawal did not affect US priorities in the country.
"The United States wants a seat at the table for post-conflict Syrian arrangements and so is keeping advisers, allies and active terrorists in the region to maintain legitimacy for its presence," former CIA officer Philip Giraldi told Sputnik on Monday.
Pahon said that "the Global Coalition will continue to operate in Syria in support of local forces on the ground, to complete the military defeat of ISIS [Daesh] and stabilize liberated territory, in turn allowing for displaced Syrians and refugees to return."
Giraldi warned that the United States will also continue to fantasize that it can remove Syrian President Bashar Assad from power, although Moscow likely has a good feel for what Damascus can shoulder.
"Putin is operating under the assumption that the Syrian Army can control developments from here on in," Giraldi said. "As their intelligence on that issue is much better than ours [United States], I would assume they are correct."
© AP Photo/ APTV US Plan to Keep Troops in Syria Threatens Hopes for Peace After Russian Pullout
Russia began a military campaign in Syria in late September 2015 at the request of Assad to fight Daesh terror group. For the past two years, the Russian army has performed hundreds of airstrikes.
During the Syrian campaign, Russian troops have cleared out more than 90 percent of Daesh-held territories, including the ancient city of Palmyra.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, more than 54,000 terrorists were killed during joint operations in Syria. Russia still helps Syrian civilians by delivering humanitarian aid and providing medical support on a daily basis.
Philip Giraldi is executive director of the Council for the National Interest, a group that advocates more even-handed US government policies in the Middle East.
The views and opinions expressed by Philip Giraldi are those of the analyst and do not necessarily reflect those of Sputnik.
Protests in Berkeley California have reached a dangerous new level as the arrests and injuries begin to pile up. Our Co-hosts discuss who's to blame and if this situation could get worse. Vice President Mike Pence lands in the Korean Hot Zone and reiterates the hard-line rhetoric of their boss. Garland Nixon and Lee Stranahan talk about the current state of affairs, the end of "strategic patience," and China's response. They also discuss the United Airlines debacle, the most recent case of a couple being removed from a United Airlines flight in route to their wedding, and whether this is connected to the Airline market dominance in the United States.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com.
Have you heard the news? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Brandfly provides holistic and personalised SEO services to Australian small and medium sized businesses. The company provides holistic solutions to ensure their clients get the SEO strategies they need.
[ALTONA NORTH, 30/05/2018] – Brandfly, a trusted digital firm, takes an integrated approach and offers personalised search engine optimisation (SEO) services to small and medium sized businesses across Australia. The company provides holistic solutions to ensure their clients get the SEO strategies they need to meet their goals.
SEO Services
Increase your traffic and revenue with integrated SEO services from Brandfly. The company offers SEO services with a strong focus on real returns on investment (ROI). With SEO services, businesses can boost their online presence and website traffic to establish industry authority both online and offline. The Brandfly team ensures that through comprehensive SEO, their clients will increase their revenue and see overall growth.
Giving the same level of service as larger SEO companies, Brandfly provides digital strategies without cookie-cutter methods and unreasonable rates. Their team of SEO specialists is well acquainted with the challenges most businesses face, and strives to give them the solutions they need.
Integrated Approach
Instead of working only through Google Analytics, Brandfly employs an integrated approach to authority building, traffic generation and reputation management. The SEO services Brandfly provides include:
Website Audit – Checking of site's health and on-page optimisation opportunities
Keyword Research and Analysis – Studying competitors and learning how to beat them
Website Restructuring – Ensuring your website is user-friendly and SEO-friendly
On-page Optimisation – Improving rankings on search engines
Content Marketing – Enhancing audience engagement and your brand's authority
Link Building – Ranking for competitive keywords and establishing authority with a strong backlink portfolio
Local SEO – Creating accurate listings and organic links to stay ahead of local competitors
Online Reputation Management – Attracting consistent traffic to the client's website
About Brandfly
Brandfly is based in Altona North on the outskirts of Melbourne. It is a local creative agency that provides outstanding digital marketing services to rising businesses. Their expertise in small businesses gives growing enterprises the chance to reach their goals with holistic digital marketing strategies. They provide game-changing solutions to help their clients gain more traffic, boost sales and improve customer satisfaction.
For more information about Brandfly and other services, visit their website at http://brandfly.com.au/.
Ireland West Airport is delighted to announce that Mayo & Roscommon Hospice Foundation, Down Syndrome Ireland and the Chrildrens Medical Research Foundation Crumlin have been selected by airport staff as its charity partners for 2018.
Every year, airport staff members have an opportunity to nominate a charity partner for the following year. The three charities with the most nominations are then selected as the company's new charity partners.
A number of events will take place during the course of 2018 which will engage passengers and staff with the aim of raising as much money as possible for the three charities. The headline event for 2018 will again be the annual charity 5k runway fun run which will take place on the runway at Ireland West Airport on Saturday May 26th 2018 at 7pm. The airport is delighted to welcome local Mayo business, Portwest as the new headline sponsor for this years event.
Runners and walkers will take off down the runway at 7pm and complete a 5km course with a difference. All are welcome to attend what promises to be fantastic evening for all the family, raising much needed funds our three charities in 2018.
Entry to the event costs €20 per adult and €5 for under-16's. A special family rate of €40 will be available for families of 2 adults and 2 kids. All participants will receive a race t-shirt and complimentary car parking and refreshments at the airport will be provided on the day. Participants can sign up and find more information by visiting www.irelandwestairport.com/runwayrun. The number of participants is restricted and those interested are advised to register early to avoid disappointment.
Launching the charities of the year programme and 2018 5km runway fun run Joe Gilmore, Managing Director, Ireland West Airport said, "We are delighted to be partnering with three great new charities in 2018. The fantastic work that these charities all undertake really does make such a difference to the people that they support in our community. These are charities that resonate with many families in our region and we look forward to supporting them through fundraising initiatives over the coming year and in particular our popular runway run event which again promises to be a great event for all the family. We are also delighted to welcome local Mayo business Portwest as the headline sponsor for this years event."
Speaking at the launch on behalf of the Runway Run sponsor, Portwest Ltd., Henry Hughes, Director said “Portwest, a firmly established world leader in the design and manufacture of high quality workwear, is delighted to be part of this annual charity runway fun run. We are pleased to support such worthy causes and wish all participants the very best on the day.”
Martina Jennings CEO, Mayo Roscommon Hospice Foundation said “We are absolutely delighted and extremely grateful to be chosen as one of the charities supported by Ireland West Airport in 2018. All fundraised income goes directly towards our Palliative Care Service and to the building of our Hospices. In 2017, we started the build of our Hospice in Castlebar, at a cost of €10m, which will be very quickly followed by our Hospice in Roscommon at a cost of €5m. As we receive no Government funding we are solely dependant on the generosity of companies and the public across both counties to continue to provide this vital service. We look forward to working with the staff and management of Ireland West Airport in 2018, and are so excited to be part of their fundraising programme.”
Sarah Joyce, Head of Corporate Partnerships, CMRF Crumlin said “CMRF Crumlin are absolutely delighted to be chosen by the staff of Ireland West Airport as one of their chosen charities for 2018. Their support is vital to the incredible work being carried out at Our Lady's Children's Hospital, Crumlin and the National Children's Research Centre. These passionate nurses, doctors and researchers are providing world class care and cures thanks to the kindness and generosity of people like our supporters at Ireland West Airport. And with over 4,000 families travelling from Connaught to the outpatients' department at Our Lady's Children's Hospital, Crumlin every year, CMRF Crumlin is right at the heart of thousands of families in the west of Ireland.”
Gary Owens, CEO Down Syndrome Ireland, comments “We are so grateful to the management and staff at Ireland West Airport for choosing us as one of their charity partners for 2018. Your funds will be very wisely spent on the development of a new Regional Centre in Swinford, Co Mayo. We are creating a Centre of Excellence with 8 full time specialists divided equally to support children and adults with Down syndrome across the lifecycle. Our specialist teams in Mayo, Roscommon, Sligo and Leitrim will run all their services, conferences, meetings and training from this Regional Centre. We need to raise over €1.5 Million this year and we have to raise 85% of these funds ourselves, so the money that is raised by the team in Ireland West Airport is really important so that we can implement our ambitious plan.”
April 5 Everbridge Inc:
* Everbridge prices follow-on public offering
* Everbridge Inc - priced its offering of 3.3 million shares at a price to public of $19.85 per share
* Everbridge - of 3.26 million shares of common stock, 527,000 shares are offered by co and 2.73 million shares being offered by existing of co's stockholders Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
File Photo: New Jersey Governor Chris Christie reacts to a question during a news conference in Trenton, New Jersey, U.S. on March 28, 2014. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz/File Photo
Bridget Anne Kelly, former deputy chief of staff to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, arrives for their sentencing in the Bridgegate trial at the Federal Courthouse in Newark, New Jersey, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Bridget Anne Kelly, former deputy chief of staff to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, arrives for their sentencing in the Bridgegate trial at the Federal Courthouse in Newark, New Jersey, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Bridget Anne Kelly, former deputy chief of staff to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, arrives for their sentencing in the Bridgegate trial at the Federal Courthouse in Newark, New Jersey, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Bill Baroni is pictured as they leave the court following their sentencing in Newark, New Jersey, U.S. March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Bill Baroni (2nd L), listens as their lawyer speaks following their sentencing in the Bridgegate trial at the Federal Courthouse in Newark, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Bill Baroni is pictured as they leave the court following their sentencing in Newark, New Jersey, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Bill Baroni, listens as their lawyer speaks following their sentencing in the Bridgegate trial at the Federal Courthouse in Newark, New Jersey, U.S., March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEWARK, N.J. Two former associates of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie were sentenced to federal prison on Wednesday for their part in the "Bridgegate" lane closure scandal that helped scuttle the Republican's presidential bid.
Bill Baroni, 45, the former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, will serve two years, while Bridget Kelly, 44, a former deputy chief of staff for Christie, received a sentence of 1-1/2 years.
The defendants were found guilty in November of plotting to close down access lanes at the George Washington Bridge linking New York City and northern New Jersey, the world's busiest span, for nearly a week in 2013 in an act of political retribution.
Prosecutors said the resulting traffic jams in the town of Fort Lee, New Jersey, were intended to punish its Democratic mayor for refusing to back Christie's re-election bid, as the governor's aides tried to burnish their bipartisan credentials before their 2016 presidential campaign.
Christie has denied any involvement and was not charged. But the scandal tarnished their national profile and contributed to record-low approval ratings in their home state.
In an NBC interview before the hearing, Christie deflected questions about the appropriate penalty. A spokesperson for the governor, Brian Murray, said Christie would have no comment on the sentences.
U.S. District Judge Susan Wigenton in Newark rejected defence pleas that they sentence Baroni and Kelly to probation rather than prison, citing "an outrageous display of abuse of power."
But they agreed with prosecutors that Kelly bore slightly less responsibility than Baroni, New Jersey's highest-ranking Port Authority official. The agency oversees operations for major bridges, ports and airports in the New York City area and is run by officials appointed by New Jersey and New York state's governors.
Both defendants told Wigenton they felt remorse.
"I respectfully ask that you allow me the opportunity to reconnect with my children and rebuild our lives," said a tearful Kelly, a single mother of four.
Baroni and Kelly will be allowed to remain free on bail while they appeal their convictions.
Following the sentencings, Kelly struck a defiant note outside the courthouse.
"This fight is far from over," they said. "I will not allow myself to be the scapegoat in this case."
'BANANA REPUBLIC'
The plot to use the bridge to inflict political payback was "out of the playbook of some dictator of a banana republic," Assistant U.S. Attorney Lee Cortes said in court.
During the trial, Kelly and Baroni testified that another Port Authority executive, David Wildstein, convinced them the lane realignment was part of a legitimate traffic study.
But Wildstein, who pleaded guilty and was the government's star witness, told jurors the defendants were fully aware the study was a cover story.
It was Kelly's infamous email to Wildstein saying, "Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee," that set the plan in motion, prosecutors said. The three officials selected the first day of school to maximize gridlock and ignored increasingly desperate pleas for help from Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich.
No other officials have been charged over Bridgegate, though evidence at trial suggested Christie and numerous members of their inner circle knew about the closures earlier than they had publicly acknowledged.
"While a number of people outside of this courtroom were involved in what happened in Fort Lee that day, some charged, some not, that does not change the fact that I failed," Baroni said in court.
After their White House bid fizzled early in 2016, Christie became one of the staunchest supporters of their former rival, Donald Trump, who went on to win the presidency.
Christie headed Trump's transition team and was considered a candidate for a Cabinet post. But they were replaced as transition team chief soon after the election Nov. 8 and passed over for an administration job.
State law bars the governor from running for a third term this year.
The Bridgegate case indirectly led to one other conviction, after authorities investigating the plot uncovered an unrelated bribery scheme orchestrated by a Christie confidante, former Port Authority Chairman David Samson.
Samson pleaded guilty to pressuring United Airlines into operating an unprofitable flight so they could visit a vacation home more easily.
(Additional reporting by Susan Heavey in Washington; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Jonathan Oatis)
ZAMBOANGA CITY-based Asia's Latin City Transport Services Cooperative is seeking to expand its franchise to cover the entire Zamboanga Peninsula Region. Engr. Eduardo C. Montealto Jr, regional director of the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB), said the group's petition is now being evaluated. “The result of the review of the documents are expected to be out next month,” Mr. Montealto said. If approved, the cooperative will use its 15 brand-new cab units for operations to and from the city and any point in the region. The proposed rates are P40 flag down covering the first 500 meters and P3.50 per additional 100 meters. Each taxi unit is equipped with a meter with receipt printer, dash camera, Wi-Fi and a global positioning system (GPS), for the convenience and safety of the passengers. After the first three months of operations, the local government will conduct an assessment if there is a need to add more taxi units. — Albert F. Arcilla
WASHINGTON | The National Rifle Association has joined the Trump administration and top congressional Republicans in a swift and surprising embrace of a restriction on Americans' guns, though a narrow one: to regulate the “bump stock” devices the Las Vegas shooter apparently used to horrifically lethal effect.
The devices, originally intended to help people with disabilities, fit over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allow the weapon to fire continuously, some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute. Bump stocks were found among the gunman's weapons and explain why victims in Las Vegas heard what sounded like automatic-weapons fire as the shooter rained bullets from a casino high-rise, slaughtering 58 people in a concert below and wounding hundreds more.
Former Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona who survived an assassination attempt in 2011, flanked by Rep. Mike Thompson, D-Calif., left, and Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., right, joins House Democrats in a call for action on gun safety legislation on the House steps Wednesday morning after the deadly mass shooting in Las Vegas this week, at the Capitol in Washington, Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite) In this Oct. 4, 2017, photo, a device called a "bump stock" is attached to a semi-automatic rifle at the Gun Vault store and shooting range in South Jordan, Utah. The National Rifle Association announced its support Ton Oct. 5 for regulating the devices that can effectively convert semi-automatic rifles into fully automated weapons and that were apparently used in the Las Vegas massacre to lethal effect. It was a surprising shift for the leading gun industry group, which in recent years has resolutely opposed any gun regulations. Immediately afterward the White House, too, said it was open to such a change. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, R-Wis., speaks at a tax reform town hall with employees at the Dixon Valve & Coupling Company factory in Chestertown, Md., Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. The National Rifle Association joined the Trump administration and top congressional Republicans in a surprising joint embrace of a gun control measure, albeit a narrow one: to regulate “bump stocks,” legal devices the Las Vegas shooter apparently used to effectively automate their weapons _ to lethal effect. Ryan added their support, too, as have other top Republicans. “Obviously we need to look at how we can tighten up the compliance with this law so that fully automatic weapons are banned,” the Wisconsin Republican told reporters at an event in Chestertown, Md. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky) In This Oct. 4, 2017, photo, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., speaks to members of the media after returning to the White House in Washington with President Donald Trump from a trip to Las Vegas after the mass shooting earlier in the week. The National Rifle Association announced its support Thursday for regulating "bump stocks," devices that can effectively convert semi-automatic rifles into fully automated weapons and that were apparently used in the Las Vegas massacre to lethal effect. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) From data collected by the Gun Violence Archive
Thursday's sudden endorsements of controls came almost simultaneously from the NRA and the White House.
The NRA, which famously opposes virtually any hint of new restrictions, said in a statement: “The National Rifle Association is calling on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (BATFE) to immediately review whether these devices comply with federal law. The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations.”
Moments after, at the White House, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders praised the announcement.
“We welcome that and a conversation on that,” Sanders said. “It's something we're very open to.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan added their support, as have other top Republicans.
“Obviously we need to look at how we can tighten up the compliance with this law so that fully automatic weapons are banned,” the Wisconsin Republican told reporters at an event in Chestertown, Maryland.
It was a rare concession for all concerned. The nation's largest gun lobby and most Republicans have stood firmly in recent years against stricter gun regulations, even as one mass shooting after another horrified the nation. They blocked background check legislation after the shooting deaths of elementary school children in Connecticut in 2012, and took no action despite intense pressure from Democrats, including a House floor sit-in, after last year's bloodbath at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Even gunfire that left House Majority Whip Steve Scalise near death at a baseball practice earlier this year didn't change the equation.
But this time, the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history, combined with the opportunity to back a limited change that could potentially be accomplished administratively, spurred a shift.
Robert Spitzer, chairperson of the political science department at SUNY Cortland, who watches the gun industry closely, said they were surprised.
Still, they said, “it's a pretty small concession in the realm of gun stuff. We're not talking about banning assault weapons here. It's a very specific accessory.”
The device, which retails for around $200, is not known among gun dealers as an item that is hugely popular. It was created ostensibly to help people with disabilities more easily fire AK- and AR-platform long guns.
The device causes the gun to buck back and forth, repeatedly “bumping” the trigger against the shooter's finger. Technically, that means the finger is pulling the trigger for each round fired, keeping the weapon a legal semi-automatic. Because it creates a significant rocking motion it also means that the gun is “spraying” bullets and it's difficult to hit a target.
The stocks have been around for less than a decade. Many Capitol Hill Republicans said this week they had never even heard of them before the shooting in Las Vegas. The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms during the Obama administration gave its seal of approval to their sale in 2010 after concluding that they did not violate federal law.
Now, some Republicans appear inclined to blame the Obama administration for allowing their use in the first place.
“We have to get more education on what they are,” Ryan said. “Was it a regulatory misstep by ATF some years ago?”
The issue of bump stocks came up aboard Air Force One as President Donald Trump traveled back from visiting Las Vegas on Wednesday, according to GOP Rep. Mark Amodei of Nevada, who was on board and said Trump sounded open to a change.
But Democrats insisted that a regulatory change by the ATF would not be sufficient.
“Federal regulations won't be able to fully close this loophole,” said Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, who introduced a bill this week to ban the devices. “Legislation would make crystal clear that Congress is banning all devices that allow a weapon to achieve an automatic rate of fire, regardless of how a weapon is altered.”
It was uncertain whether Congress would go that far.
At the same time, the attention on the devices was already causing an industry response. Slide Fire, the leading maker of bump stocks, suspended sales of the items. In a post on its website, the company said it was not taking any new orders “to provide the best service with those already placed.”
Associated Press writer Lisa Marie Pane contributed from Atlanta.
Hamburger Helper comes in like the White Glove in Shinning Armor and immidiately shuts down a Twitter user's sexist remark and the Internet LOVES it!
São Paulo, April 12 Changes to water down strict local content rules on equipment to extract deep sea oil could help Brazil's government earn 31 billion reais ($9.9 billion) worth of royalties and other revenue sources between 2020 and 2025, state-controlled oil company Petróleo Brasileiro SA said on Wednesday.
In a presentation filed with the country's securities industry watchdog, Petrobras said failure to ease those rules could deprive Brazil's government of about 6 billion reais a year in revenues from the extraction of presalt oil deposited in the Libra offshore prospect.
($1 = 3.1258 reais) (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Chris Reese)
By Swati Pandey
SYDNEY (Reuters) - The craze for cryptocurrencies entered a new chapter on Monday as bitcoin futures rocketed by one-fifth of their value at a closely-watched launch, while Asian shares climbed amid optimism about global growth.
The most-traded contract on the Chicago-based CBOE Global Markets exchange opened at $15,460 in New York on Sunday evening, before leaping to a high of $18,700 - a gain of 21 percent. They were last quoted at $17,550 a premium of more than $1,600 to the price on Gemini Exchange.
The futures are cash-settled contracts based on the auction price of bitcoin in U.S. dollars on the Gemini Exchange, which is owned and operated by virtual currency entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
The cryptocurrency has boasted a gravity-defying 15-fold gain since the start of the year, attracting institutional interest and no small amount of question marks.
The acting governor of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand on Sunday said bitcoin appeared to be a "classic case" of a bubble.
"With a bubble you never know how far it is going to go before it comes around," Grant Spencer told TVNZ.
Some market participants believe the fallout across other financial assets from a potential bursting of the bubble will be limited.
"Bitcoin's market capitalisation is currently around $240 billion, which is much smaller, say, than the value of gold outstanding," said Andrew Kenningham, economist at Capital Economics.
"If the price of bitcoin fell to zero today, the paper losses would be equivalent to a 0.6 percent fall in U.S. equity prices. As most investors have bought bitcoin at much lower prices, the relevant losses would arguably be smaller."
Asian shares were buoyant following strong U.S payrolls data and better-than-expected Chinese trade data on Friday.
The MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was up 0.4 percent, staying well above a recent two-month trough of 542.27 points.
Japan's Nikkei added 0.4 percent while Chinese shares rallied, with the blue-chip CSI 300 index up 0.9 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index gained 0.5 percent.
RATE RISES?
Currency market investors were cautious ahead of a big week for policy meetings globally, with the Federal Reserve the only major central bank expected to raise interest rates. The Bank of England and the European Central Bank are likely to hold rates steady.
The dollar rose to a near one-month top against the yen, after climbing 1.2 percent last week. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, was steady near a three-week high.
Traders will keep their eyes peeled for the Fed's future rate projections as U.S. wages growth and inflation crawl at a snail's pace.
Data out on Friday showed average hourly earnings in the United States nudged up 5 cents or 0.2 percent in November when economists had looked for a 0.3 percent gain.
The weakness persisted despite stronger-than-expected non-farm payrolls, which rose by 228,000 in November.
"We'll be listening close for any signs of a dovish shift," said Aerin Williams, New York-based forex strategist for Citi about the Dec. 12-13 Fed meeting.
Elsewhere, oil prices slipped after the latest rise in the U.S rig count pointed to an increase in production there.
U.S. crude was down 24 cents at $57.12 a barrel and Brent crude inched 27 cents lower to $63.14, drifting away from a recent 2-1/2 year peak of $64.65.
Spot gold was barely changed at $1,248.06 an ounce.
(Editing by Sam Holmes and Richard Borsuk)
Here's what you should know. A large majority of American Citizens are not the least bit interested in taking on Puerto Rico or its debt. We have enough of our own. Time for Puerto Rico to just form its own country and then they can dictate to their own Congress on what they want. Until then they probably should be still and work on their financial problems.
Iran's National Gas Company is intent on raising the country's share in the global gas trade as the Islamic Republic is shifting its focus to international markets.
Iranian liquefied natural gas (LNG) exports reportedly rose to around 500,000 metric tons in April as this month's shipments were 14 percent up from last month's figure, to bring this year's total shipments to 1.86 million metric tons.
According to shipping sources, cited by Iranian media, most of the April cargoes are again bound for China.
© AFP 2018 / ATTA KENARE Iran Wants Gazprom to Join Iran-Oman Gas Pipeline Project - Deputy Petroleum Minister
China's Oriental Energy Company (OE), loaded 34,000 tons of propane and 14,000 tons of butane supplied by Iranian Gas Commercial Co., aboard an LNG tanker at Iran's Gulf port of Assaluyeh, which is scheduled to arrive at China's Qinzhou on Wednesday.
Another ship is due to bring 33,000 tons of propane and 11,000 tons of butane to Ningbo on May 12.
The shipments of Iranian natural gas come as OE was recently ordered by a Texas state district court to pay $523.8 million in damages to Germany's Mabanaft following an LPG contract dispute.
The court ruled that OE had breached its contract by failing to provide a letter of credit ahead of its first scheduled shipment of propane from the US Gulf.
Beijing also plans a hefty, 25-percent increase in import duties on US propane in a retaliatory move which, if implemented, would add a new twist to the US-China trade war. This could shift China's import focus to the Middle East, including Iran.
In the meantime, Iran is pressing ahead with its natural gas shipments to Indonesia, with 33,000 tons of propane and 11,000 tons of butane arriving in the country on April 19.
READ MORE: Iran Expects Gas Exports to Reach 365Mln Cubic Meters Per Day by 2021
A shipment of 44,000 tons of propane and butane is due to arrive on Wednesday and another 45,000 tons are slated to arrive at the Indonesian port of Tanjung later this week.
Other destinations for Iranian gas exports are India, Thailand and possibly Kenya.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Plans for a controversial private car park in Tuam have been withdrawn.
Joseph O'Toole of Supervalu had applied for permission to install a temporary staff car park for a duration of five years.
The site for the proposed development at Townparks would have been located within a Zone of Archaeological Potential.
The planned works were also close to a number of protected structures.
County planners had been due to make a decision on the plans this week, after it considered a number of submissions on the proposal.
However, the planning application has now been withdrawn.
It's not yet known if the developer plans to submit a new application for the car park development.
POWER and Water Corporation crews have restored electricity to thousands of homes across Darwin over night and this morning, with just over 2900 homes without power.
This figure includes 500 properties that are without power due to the connection wire to the home being cut.
Those without broken cables to their home will need an electrician to connect the cable before Power and Water crews can connect the property to the grid.
A Power and Water Corporation spokesperson said those who lived on a street with power, but didn't have power themselves, needed to contact Power and Water on 1800 245 092.
They said crews were focusing on East Point Rd to restore power to Parap, Fannie Bay and Ludmilla.
Crews are also working in Wagaman and the rural area.
“There is a focus on returning power to schools with most schools expected to have power returned today,” they said.
They urged people cleaning up their yard not to touch fallen power lines.
“We've had reports of people coiling wires up that have fallen in their yard. They must treat every wire as live and not handle them,” they said.
April 6 ExactEarth Ltd -
* ExactEarth provides update on EV5 satellite
* On February 3, 2017, communication was lost with satellite and subsequent efforts to make contact were not successful
* As a result, co filed claim for full insured value of satellite, amounting to C$3.5 million, which has been approved and paid to co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
