Uranus smells like rotten eggs, according to research released this week. But the cold will kill you before the smell. NASA
Algiers, the politically righteous Atlanta soul-punks and onetime Band To Watch, are gearing up to release their sophomore album The Underside Of Power next week. We've posted the video for the album's title track, and now the band has shared another deeply resonant song. “Cleveland” is an apocalyptic gospel track that lurches into Detroit techno, and it's about Tamir Rice, the Cleveland 12-year-old who was killed by police for playing with a toy gun. You can hear the song, which also pays tribute to other victims of police violence, below, and read a statement about it from frontman Franklin James Fisher.
Fisher writes:
A recurring theme in our music is the idea of injustice and the bitter understanding that obtaining justice in this world is all but impossible — particularly for black and brown people. I wanted the song to sound like the Final Judgement in the Bible, wherein the wicked are judged and condemned by the righteous with all the “weeping and gnashing of teeth,” of the damned when justice is finally realized. This translates in the “solo” section of the song. It consists of various recordings of people inconsolably crying and weeping while the guitar and lead vocal mirror their contortions. If you've ever witnessed something like that in real life, sound of a person's sorrow is equal parts frightening and musical.
The Underside Of Power is out 6/23 on Matador.
Fredonia, Ariz., Oct. 5, 2017 — For Immediate Release. Forest staff would like to remind visitors of the following changes for the upcoming winter season.
DeMotte Campground: The last night to camp is Oct. 14. This campground is scheduled to close for the winter season on Oct. 15 at noon.
Jacob Lake & Group Site Campgrounds: The last night to camp at these campgrounds will be Oct. 18. Both campgrounds are scheduled to close for the winter season on Oct. 19 at noon.
Big Springs & Jumpup Cabin Rentals: The last night to camp at Big Springs or Jump Up cabins is Nov. 2, unless inclement weather forces an earlier closure.
Information regarding campsites reservations, cabin rentals, and cancellations may be found at https://www.recreation.gov/.
Kaibab Plateau Visitor Center: Beginning Oct. 21 through Nov. 26, the Kaibab Plateau Visitor Center at Jacob Lake will only be open on Saturdays and Sundays from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. During these hours, fuelwood permits will be available to purchase at the Visitor Center .
2017 Personal-Use Fuelwood Cutting Season: Permits are still available at the district office during regular business hours. As a reminder, all unused personal-use fuelwood cutting permits will not be valid after Nov. 30. Wood cutting permit sales will resume in May 2018 pending appropriate weather conditions.
Additional information on fuelwood permits is available at https://go.usa.gov/xncXn.
Marc Staal has spent their entire 12-year NHL career with the New York Rangers. One way or another that tenure with will have to end soon. Staal has three years remaining on a contract that pays them $5.7 million per season. The team is essentially paying Staal to be the lesser part of a top defensive pair.
While the 31-year-old defender had a bit of a resurgence this season, their game is no longer suited for a key role in the modern NHL style of uptempo play. There are still players of their ilk and ability operating in depth roles, getting matched up appropriately and being used to kill penalties. However, paying them among the top salaries at the position (Staal's salary ranks 23rd among league defenders) is a mismanagement of the salary cap and hinders a team's ability to be competitive.
How to Shed Staal's Contract
There are a few ways to shed a bad contract. Staal has a No Movement Clause (NMC) in theirs that requires their consent for a trade or demotion to the team's AHL affiliate, the Hartford Wolf Pack. That complicates matters for the Rangers if they wanted to trade him.
Given their age and the remaining years on their current deal, it is unlikely that a contender would be interested. Even if the Rangers retained 50% of their remaining contract, they would still come with a three-year deal and a $2.85 million price tag. That is still a big investment for a player like Staal.
Another method would be to trade them to a less competitive team that might benefit from Staal's experience. The Arizona Coyotes would be a prime example of this. The issue here is the NMC. There is little incentive for a veteran player who has control over their destination to go to a team that won't provide them with an opportunity to compete for a championship. Staal would have to uproot their family to land in the same situation as they are in New York.
The final option for the Rangers would be to exercise their buyout option as they did with Dan Girardi. If they buy out Staal's contract this summer, the team would have six more years with a reduced cap hit before their contract was off the books. The numbers per year, starting with the upcoming 2018-19 season, would be around $2 million, $3 million and $3.8 million followed by three seasons at $1.4 million. That is a significant amount of cap space to throw away, but if the team is truly rebuilding, the cap space they have available for the next couple of seasons might not matter so much.
The 2020-21 year at $3.8 million could prove the most problematic if the team is ready to compete again by then. However, it would still be less than the $5.7 million they would be owed in the final season of their contract. After that, the $1.4 million over three years is manageable for a contending team.
Alternatively, the Rangers could keep Staal this coming season and buyout their deal at season's end. That would leave them on the books for four more years at a reduced rate of first $2.9 million and then $3.7 million followed by two additional years at $1.2 million.
Staal's Value During the Rebuild
A buyout either this year or next is the most likely method of removing Staal from the team. But is that a good idea?An argument against moving Staal, given their contract and ability, is that the Rangers are rebuilding and have plenty of salary cap space available right now. Rebuilding teams need veteran experience to help show incoming young players the ropes. By all accounts, in theory, Staal would provide exactly that type of leadership.
Staal has never been a distraction in the locker room and has worn the assistant captain's “A” for years. There is a case to be made that, barring an unforeseen about-face in organizational strategy, the team won't be using their considerable salary cap space this season to lure in high-priced free agent talent or acquiring big-ticket contracts via trade. Riding out the remaining years on Staal's contract is a viable option.
As mentioned above, the Rangers could keep them this season and readdress the situation next off-season. In that scenario, the buyout numbers would be slightly better over the following four seasons and also expire a year earlier than a buyout of all three of Staal's remaining years.
Why the Rangers Should Move on From Staal Now
While kicking the can down the road might seem more viable to long-term salary cap management, there are other issues with keeping Staal around. The most pressing is that while they do provide a veteran presence, their game is unsuited for the direction new head coach David Quinn has set for the team. Staal is not fleet of foot nor do they possess the creativity to aid the team offensively in transition. They don't regularly play with the snarl that Quinn has promoted.
Their typical play in the offensive zone is to rush the puck up the ice, carry it deep and either lose it or put an ineffective shot on goal. When they find an opportunity to use their shot from the point, they rarely get the puck on net. While there are a few memorable moments when they scored big goals in the playoffs, Staal's regular season, across 761 career games, shows just 38 goals. Over the same span, he's contributed 126 assists and has not exceeded 20 points in a season since 2010-11.
 They are unfit for the style of play that the Rangers should be transitioning towards and a locker room presence can be added for significantly less even with the cost of a buyout. Staal would also take away a roster spot from a younger player who is a better fit for the club or for a veteran defender whose game lends itself to the style the Rangers coach wants to play. Staal's best fit for the Rangers would be as a depth defender who doesn't regularly play except as an injury fill in.
That would be a poor way to treat a player like Staal who has given so much to the franchise. A buyout could benefit Staal in the same way it did Dan Girardi. They would be given the opportunity to sign a cheap deal with a contending team that could use them in a reduced role and would give them the chance to compete for a Cup again as their career winds down. Perhaps they could join the growing list of ex-Rangers down in Tampa where the cap-strapped Lightning could benefit from a low-cost depth veteran on their blue line.
Time for the Rangers to Let Staal Go
Staal has been a part of the Rangers through multiple Stanely Cup playoff runs, including a trip to the Final in 2014. While it is always difficult for a team to move on from a player who has spent their entire career with the club, for the sake of their rebuild it is time to rip the band-aid off. The team can handle the cap charge over the next three seasons and even if they become competitive again three years from now, their buyout cost would still be a reduction over their full salary.
Removing Staal would solidify the Rangers' change of system and culture as they move forward with their rebuild and begin looking towards a competitive future.
The following are the radio dispatch logs from the Morgan City Police Department. To report unlawful or suspicious activity, call the police department at 985-380-4605.
Tuesday, May 29
7:47 a.m. 1200 block of North Prescott Street; Medical.
8:07 a.m. 6400 block of La. 182; Alarm.
8:46 a.m. 3000 block of Carrol Drive; Medical.
9:43 a.m. 400 block of Laurel Street; Assistance.
10:40 a.m. 1000 block of Hickory Street; Welfare check.
11:08 a.m. 800 block of Sacred Heart Drive; Disturbance.
11:30 a.m. 900 block of Seventh Street; Disturbance.
11:34 a.m. 700 block of Maryland Street; Medical.
1:07 p.m. 1000 block of Greenwood Street; Accident.
1:20 p.m. 700 block of Fifth Street; Disturbance.
3:11 p.m. 2100 block of Federal Avenue; Forgery.
3:27 p.m. 200 block of Brashear Avenue; Medical.
3:57 p.m. 1000 block of Missouri Street; Assistance.
4:50 p.m. 1100 block of Victor II Boulevard; Civil matter.
4:58 p.m. 1000 block of Cottonwood Street; Officer stand by.
5:19 p.m. 1100 block of Victor II Boulevard; Accident.
5:27 p.m. 1400 block of Youngs Road; Animal complaint.
6:32 p.m. 1000 block of Missouri Street; Medical.
6:46 p.m. Fig Street; Complaint.
6:51 p.m. 900 block of Railroad Avenue; Patrol request.
8:06 p.m. Sixth and Florence streets; Traffic incident.
8:15 p.m. 600 block of Louisa Street; Complaint.
8:22 p.m. 2400 block of Apple Street; Removal of subject.
9:01 p.m. 800 block of Sycamore Street; Arrest.
9:13 p.m. 1000 block of Missouri Street; Medical.
10:04 p.m. 1000 block of Hilda Street; Animal complaint.
10:32 p.m. Justa Street; Suspicious subject.
11:22 p.m. 400 block of Louisa Street; Removal of subject.
Wednesday, May 30
2:27 a.m. 700 block of Cottonwood Street; Suspicious vehicle.
Share:
LAHORE - Member Provincial Assembly (MPA) from Sheikhupura Ali Asghar Manda on Tuesday quit ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) and decided to join Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI).
According to PTI Central Punjab President Abdul Aleem Khan, Ali Asghar Manda will make formal announcement to join PTI during their meeting with party Chairman Imran Khan on June 1.
Ali Asghar Manda has been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, since 2008.
They were elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PML-N from Constituency PP-165 (Sheikhupura-IV) in 2008 general election by receiving 21,153 votes and defeated an independent candidate.
Manda was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as an independent candidate from Constituency PP-165 (Sheikhupura-IV) in general election, 2013. They joined PML-N in May 2013.
Police are seeking the public's assistance locating a woman who went missing from Angus on June 21.
Barrie police say 27-year-old Samantha McInnis is believed to be within the city of Barrie.
Police have described McInnis as a woman, approximately five feet tall with a thin build. They have brown hair which is possibly coloured at the ends and blue eyes.
READ MORE: Bradford couple facing charges after allegedly assaulting one another
Police and their family are concerned for their well-being.
Police are asking anyone with information to please contact Det. P. Butera of the Barrie Police Criminal Investigation Division at 705-725-7025, ext. 2129 or pbutera@barriepolice.ca. Information can also be provided anonymously to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477) or online at www.p3tips.com.
ISLAMABAD Apr 18 (APP): The lawmakers in the Lower House of Parliament on Tuesday condemned the murder of student at Wali Khan University by mob and demanded strict punishment to those involved in this barbaric incident.
Earlier, the House unanimously adopted a resolution to strongly condemn murder of student Mashal Khan and demanded the government to award exemplary punishment to culprits.
Speaking about this resolution, JUI-F female lawmaker Naeema Kishwar
Khan said that university administration should be also involved in interrogation process and action to be taken against the perpetrators of this act. They said that legislation has been made by this House to curb cyber crime and relevant authorities should ensure action against those violating this law.
They demanded the federal as well as provincial governments to conduct
transparent investigation into the matter.
Other legislators including Arif Alvi (PTI), Sher Akbar Khan (JI) and
Sajid Ahmed (MQM) also spoke about it and termed this incident very sad. They demanded to ensure stringent action against those involved in this heinous crime.
In a statement to the Dubai bourse, Marka said it has another 10 outlets of Paris 68 planned for the UAE and more for the GCC in both shop-in-shop and dedicated mono-brand store formats.
One of Frank Lloyd Wright's fantasies for their design of the Guggenheim Museum was to color it pink. You can see what that might have looked in a new exhibition at the Museum of Modern ... read more
The Weinstein Co. announced Monday that it had filed for bankruptcy, finding itself unable to survive the allegations of sexual abuse leveled against co-founder Harvey Weinstein last fall.
The company may yet be able to reorganize and continue to produce TV shows and films under new ownership. Lantern Capital put in a “stalking horse” bid, which provides a floor for a bankruptcy auction.
“The Board selected Lantern in part due to Lantern's commitment to maintain the assets and employees as a going concern,” the company said in a statement. “The Company hopes that this orderly sale process under the supervision of the Bankruptcy Court will allow it to maximize the value of the Company's assets for the benefit of its creditors and other stakeholders.”
The company also announced that it has released its employees from their non-disclosure agreements, as part of an ongoing negotiation with New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.
“No one should be afraid to speak out or coerced to stay quiet,” the company said. “The Company thanks the courageous individuals who have already come forward. Your voices have inspired a movement for change across the country and around the world.”
Related Weinstein Bankruptcy Could Free Employees From Non-Disclosure Agreements Manhattan D.A. Hits Back at New York Magazine Report on Flawed Weinstein Investigation
According to a source familiar with the talks, Lantern's bid is somewhere in the range of $300 million to $320 million, most of which would come in the form of assumed debt. That is nowhere near the $500 million bid from billionaire Ron Burkle and others, which collapsed two weeks ago.
The Lantern bid leaves open the question of how much money will be left for victims of Weinstein's alleged harassment. Insurance is expected to provide up to $30 million, though the insurer may yet contest its obligation to pay. Under the Burkle bid, revenue from several unreleased films would have gone into a fund to supplement the insurance, bringing the total to as much as $90 million.
Lantern has never invested in entertainment before, but it is not new to the Weinstein sale process. The Dallas-based investment firm provided much of the backing for the Burkle bid. For now, Burkle and their partner, Maria Contreras-Sweet, are not involved in Lantern's stalking horse bid, though that could change. Burkle and Contreras-Sweet are both interested in acquiring Weinstein Co. assets in bankruptcy, and it seems unlikely that they would bid against Lantern.
The Weinstein Co. is known to owe about $225 million under a credit facility led by Union Bank. Burkle's group balked after the Weinstein Co. disclosed an additional $56 million in debt, including an arbitration award, residuals, and various unpaid bills. In bankruptcy, the equity holders of the Weinstein Co. — including Bob and Harvey Weinstein — are expected to be wiped out.
The allegations against Harvey Weinstein, first documented by the New York Times on Oct. 5, tipped the company into a death spiral. They were fired three days later, and subsequently resigned their position on the company board. TV deals were canceled and the company was forced to take film releases off the calendar. As revenue dried up, the company struggled to pay its bills and the staff has dwindled from 150 to less than 100 employees. The company's credit cards were frozen in recent weeks, and creditors including a Canadian distributor and a Swiss chocolatier filed lawsuits over unpaid bills.
Bidders have been circling since an on-again, off-again deal to sell the company to Burkle's group collapsed on March 6. Aside from Lantern, however, none of the bidders are believed to be interested in keeping the company as a going concern, instead focusing on the value of the company's library. Potential bidders include Lionsgate, beIN Media (the owners of Miramax), Vine Alternative Investments, Shamrock Capital, Killer Content and A+E Networks. beIN would have a special incentive to unite the 277-film Weinstein library with the 700-plus titles in the Miramax library, while A+E is keen to take control of Lifetime's “Project Runway.”
In one of their regular visits to the Pointe-Claire pool, Norm Horner noticed an onscreen message about a contest the city was having to name a new park.
“Right away, I thought: ‘Tony Proudfoot,'” said Horner. “The park has to be named after Tony Proudfoot.”
Proudfoot was Horner's friend and a longtime Pointe-Claire resident.
Born in Winnipeg, Proudfoot later moved to Pointe-Claire.
READ MORE: Tony Proudfoot: a celebration of a full life
They attended John Rennie High School and eventually went on to play in the CFL.
Proudfoot played nine seasons with the Montreal Alouettes and helped them win two Grey Cups in 1974 and '77.
They also played with the B.C. Lions and was a CFL All-Star in 1977 and '79.
After retiring from football, Proudfoot went on to teach at Dawson College, lecture at Concordia and eventually became a broadcaster.
But throughout their many achievements, Proudfoot remained an active member of the Pointe-Claire community.
READ MORE: What is ALS? The disease behind the ice bucket challenge
Horner says they often dropped by Lindsey Place High School to speak to classes and played with the Pointe-Claire Oldtimers.
In 2007, Proudfoot was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), a motor neurone disorder.
They then dedicated much of their time to raising awareness and fundraising for the illness.
They passed away in 2010 at the age of 61.
“I want the city of Pointe-Claire to recognize the legacy that they left — not only as a professional athlete, but as a citizen who participated in community life,” Horner said.
“He wanted young people in Pointe-Claire to be involved in athletics, but also to improve their academic abilities and improve themselves as people.”
READ MORE: CFL all-star Tony Proudfoot laid to rest
A few weeks ago, the City of Pointe-Claire held a contest, calling on residents to send their best ideas for names for a new park.
The park, slated to open in 2019, is located in the new Greenwich neighbourhood at the corner of Gendron and Des Frênes Avenues.
Longtime CJAD broadcater Rick Moffat was a close friend of Proudfoot. They say Proudfoot was one of their favourite Als players of the '70s, and the two eventually worked together on countless CJAD Alouettes broadcasts for many years.
“I can't think of a better tribute in the community they loved,” than naming the park after Proudfoot, Moffat said.
Share:
Sydney - One of the highest-ranked church officials convicted of covering up child sex abuse was Tuesday sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment, but Philip Wilson could avoid jail after a court ordered they be assessed for home detention.
The Adelaide archbishop, 67, was found guilty in May of concealing abuse by notorious paedophile priest Jim Fletcher in the Hunter region of New South Wales state during the 1970s by failing to report allegations against him.
They denied the charges and their legal team made four attempts to have the case thrown out, arguing Wilson suffered from Alzheimer's and so should avoid trial - even though the diagnosis did not prevent them retaining their position in the church.
Newcastle Local Court magistrate Robert Stone found them guilty of concealing a serious indictable offence of another person, concluding their primary motive was to protect the church.
The same court on Tuesday sentenced them to 12 months' imprisonment with a non-parole period of six months.
But Stone adjourned the matter until August 14 to assess whether Wilson was suitable to serve the sentence at their sister's home. The maximum sentence for the crime was two years in jail.
In sentencing, Stone said "there is no remorse or contrition showed by the offender".
"I am of the opinion the sentence should not be suspended. It does not support the terms of general deterrence," they added.
"On that basis, the only available remaining option is full-time imprisonment or home detention."
They justified the home detention option due to Wilson's age, prior good record and that they were unlikely to reoffend.
There was no dispute during the trial that Fletcher, who is now dead, sexually abused an altar boy, with the hearing focused on whether Wilson, then a junior priest, was told about it.
Wilson served as a priest in New South Wales before Pope John Paul II appointed them Bishop of Wollongong in 1996. Five years later they became the Archbishop of Adelaide.
Following their conviction, Wilson stood down from their church duties pending sentencing, but did not resign.
The Australian Catholic Bishops Conference, a national body used by bishops to address issues of national significance, said it hoped the sentencing could "bring some sense of peace" to those abused by Fletcher.
"It takes great courage for survivors to come forward to tell their stories," it added in a statement.
"Survivors have been vital in helping us learn the lesson of our shameful history of abuse and concealment.
"The church has made substantial changes to ensure that abuse and cover-up are not part of Catholic life and that children are safe in our communities."
Like elsewhere in the world, Australia has been plagued by accusations that the Catholic Church ignored and covered up child abuse .
A national inquiry into the issue was ordered in 2012 after a decade of pressure to investigate widespread allegations of institutional paedophilia.
The royal commission - which ran for five years - spoke to thousands of victims and heard claims of abuse involving churches, orphanages, sporting clubs, youth groups and schools.
Last month, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull agreed to deliver a formal apology to victims of institutional child sex abuse - one of the inquiry's key recommendations.
Another recommendation was that a redress scheme be set up to support victims with counselling, psychological care and financial payments.
All of Australia's state governments have now signed up to the programme, which came into effect on Sunday and offers victims up to Aus$150,000 (US$113,000) in compensation.
The UPEISU Council met for its final meeting of 2017 and discussed the Student Centre Refresh, the creation of a new SU award, a proposal for a clubs mentorship program, and the SU's 2016-17 audited financial statements (okay – these weren't actually discussed). Thankfully, we are paid to go so you don't have to.
Council Votes Yes on Student Centre Refresh
Seven people, including members of the New Initiatives and Future Directions (NIFD) Committee and Vice President Finance Will McGuigan, presented on the Student Centre Refresh, a planned multi-year renovation of the W.A. Murphy Student Centre.
President Hammad Ahmed put forward a motion to seek approval for the amended project budget so they could move forward in securing a loan up to $410k from the University.
Because the SU lacks collateral, they could not secure a traditional loan through a bank.
The presentation revealed that to-date, a new office had been constructed for the SU's administrative coordinator and door and elevator security had been enhanced with key card swipes.
On April 11th, 2017, the SU had secured a $365,000 loan from the University over 5 years at 5% interest. However, after requests for proposals, the contract bids for the project all came in over the originally budgeted amount. As a result, the SU executive decided over the summer to delay the project and review it. President Hammad Ahmed said they did not accept the loan.
In November 2017, UPEI Facilities reassessed the project cost from UPEI Facilities at $394,510. The presenters said the project cost would be factored into the operating budget and would not increase student fees for students.
According to a survey commissioned by Council, 88% of student responded that they wanted a bar on campus, and 80% wanted to see the current space renovated.
Recurring themes from survey comments included the need to better advertise events, better lighting, overpricing and other issues with the menu, cliquey staff, bad service, the budget for the project being too high, and not being open on weekends.
Concerns were raised by councillors Erin MacNeill and Mike Ferguson who said that the full results of the survey commissioned by Council had not been circulated to councillors. Ferguson described the situation as “kinda stupid.” The Chair replied, claiming they had been directed not to circulate the survey results. Ahmed said they could be circulated to councillors, to which Ferguson said it needed to happen “right now.”
Councillor Kari Kruse asked if there would be any information released to students through The Cadre. Ahmed said a press release could be issued as a solution and Kruse reiterated that there needed to be a central location where people could access information on the project.
The motion to move forward with the renovation and seek a loan from UPEI passed. The presentation slides can be accessed here.
Financial Statements Presented
Vice President Finance Will McGuigan presented the 2017 draft financial statements for the fiscal year running from May 1st, 2016 to April 30th, 2017. McGuigan briefly spoke to the recommendations provided by the SU's auditors: one was to transfer management of the student centre ATMs to a third party to reduce potential liability, which was rejected, and another was to reduce the use of cheques, which had been incorporated to some degree with many employees now being paid by direct deposit. Without any discussion, Council approved the financial statements. This agenda item took approximately five minutes.
Highlights from the financial statements include The Wave reporting a $26,379 loss (an over $18,000 improvement from the previous year) and Mickey's Place reporting a $8,901 loss, a near doubling of the $4,796 it had lost the previous year. Student Union events also saw a significant decrease, losing $12,564; this was down $32,440 from the $19,876 profit it had reported during the previous year.
The draft statements can be viewed here.
Replacement for Clubs Recruitment Initiative Presented and Approved
Vice President Student Life Megan Rix presented on the Clubs Mentorship Program, a proposed replacement for the Future Executive Development Program (full disclosure: I developed the Future Executive Development Program).
The proposed new program would replace the Future Executive Development Program on a trial basis and would accept five students with up to five $100 grants being available for clubs who participate.
Under the new program, club executives would be assigned a first-year student to mentor. Executives would be expected to meet with their mentee at a designated time each week. This meeting time must be provided to the SU so they may periodically conduct random checks to ensure that mentors and mentees are meeting and evaluate how sessions are going. Club executives would also be expected to write 100-word weekly reports that would be submitted to the SU.
Councillor Ferguson questioned offloading the work of the SU onto club execs, saying they already have much to do. Rix responded that they didn't think it was a big commitment and was manageable for clubs.
Councillor Caroline Simoes Correa said that as a past executive, they didn't think they would have the time to mentor someone, and also raised concerns about a possible lack of formality with 3rd party presenters being eliminated from the program and that the program could be more exclusive than inclusive. Rix responded by noting that the program is on a trial basis and that it will be reviewed in the future.
Correa also said they don't see a problem with the old program, explaining that the Recruitment and International Relations Office (which has taken over the Future Executive Development Program) has not had a problem recruiting students. Correa also stated they did not understand how the SU had difficulty recruiting students as the body that represents students compared to a smaller office with fewer resources.
Councillor Ashley McKibbon followed up by asking why the program was being changed if the issue was first-year involvement. Rix responded by saying that the program is “more fun,” and that more clubs want to be involved.
The motion to approve the Clubs Mentorship Program for the second semester was successful.
The proposal can be accessed here.
New Award Endowment, Increased Cellphone Allowance Approved
Vice President Finance McGuigan presented on a suggestion to shift $15,000 from the Student Union's long-term savings account to endow a $500/year award in perpetuity. Although a name had not been determined for the award, Vice President Student Life Rix suggested it could be named after an honorary member of the Student Union. The move was approved by Council.
Council also discussed increasing cellphone allowances for certain staff members, including the executive and communications staff. Currently, the SU covers 50% of their phone bill up to $50; the change would see that limit increase to 50% up to $60. At the previous Council meeting, debate ensued over the surprise readdition of The Wave's promotions coordinator, which had been phased out in 2016 by Council to support the creation of an associate director of communication.
McGuigan said that going forward The Wave would have a promotions coordinator who would do social media on food and drink specials and programming like trivia, while the associate director who would focus on SU programming.
Council voted in favour of increasing the cell phone allowance.
By: Nathan Hood
Unidentified gunmen attacked the headquarters of the U.N. peacekeeping force in the northern Mali city of Timbuktu on Monday, killing seven people and injuring seven others in what the U.N. peacekeeping chief called a “terrorist attack.”
Earlier Monday, gunmen attacked two neighbouring U.N. camps in Douentza in the Mopti region of central Mali, killing a Malian soldier and a U.N. peacekeeper and lightly wounding another peacekeeper. The head of the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Mali, Mahamat Saleh Annadif, also called that incident a “terrorist attack.”
The U.N. peacekeeping mission in Mali is the deadliest of the U.N.'s 16 global peacekeeping operations, and this was one of the worst losses of mission employees.
In the Timbuktu attack, the mission said five Malian security guards and a Malian contractor working for the mission were killed along with a member of the Malian gendarmerie. It said six U.N. peacekeepers were wounded, two seriously, along with one Malian security guard.
The mission, known as MINUSMA, said it dispatched a quick reaction force and attack helicopters to secure the Timbuktu headquarters. It said U.N. troops killed six assailants.
The Cost Difference Between Moving Yourself & Hiring Professionals
The Cost Difference Between Moving Yourself & Hiring Professionals
Despite what you may believe, moving yourself is not always the most cost efficient method. Robert Pennington of Two Men and a Truck explains.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China's vast manufacturing sector grew at the fastest pace in eight months in May, blowing past expectations and easing concerns about an economic slowdown even as risks from trade tensions with the United States and a crackdown on debt point to a bumpy ride ahead.
FILE PHOTO: Workers weld shipping container components at a container manufacturing company in Lianyungang, Jiangsu province, China May 29, 2018. REUTERS/Stringer
The official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) released on Thursday rose to 51.9 in May, from 51.4 in April, and remained well above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction for the 22nd straight month.
Analysts surveyed by Reuters had forecast the reading would dip slightly to 51.3.
Production expanded at the fastest rate in six months in May while growth in new orders rose to an 8-month high, helped by rising commodities prices.
The strong manufacturing sector readings defy concerns about an expected loss of momentum in the world's second-biggest economy, as policymakers navigate debt risks and rocky trade relations with the United States.
In particular, export orders improved from the previous month. Some economists suspect that Chinese firms have been front-loading shipments due to the Sino-U.S. trade frictions.
On the whole, however, economists were skeptical of the sustainability of industrial sector strength, suggesting the broader economy will face pressure over coming months.
“We doubt this strength will be sustained for long given that it appears to mostly reflect a temporary boost to industrial output from the easing of pollution controls rather than a turnaround in underlying demand,” said Julian Evans-Pritchard, Senior China Economist at Capital Economics, in a note after the data release.
Nomura analysts were also of the view the strong PMI readings will be short-lived, saying “the growth of end-demand, such as infrastructure and property investment, has slumped in recent months, due at least in part to the government's deleveraging efforts.”
SMALL FIRMS FACE FUNDING PRESSURES
Beijing has been tightening controls on riskier investments, the shadow banking business and speculation in the property sector, but has been keen to keep the broad economy well funded.
The industrial sector, a key source of jobs, remained in healthy shape, with profits growing at their fastest pace in six months, underpinned by continued strength in the steel sector.
But the latest survey showed that more manufacturers were concerned about tightening in funding over recent months, with 40.1 percent of all firms polled raising the issue in May, according to Zhao Qinghe, an official with the statistics bureau.
“Big cost pressure is still one of the major problems facing Chinese manufacturers these days,” said Zhao.
Activity of small firms contracted in May after expanding the previous month while both big and medium-sized companies all posted positive growth.
Hi-tech manufacturing activity rose to 54.8 in May, up from April's 53.8, despite pending U.S. tariff list under its intellectual property probe and restrictions on Chinese investments in the U.S.
Washington said on Tuesday that it was moving forward with its threat to apply tariffs on Chinese imports worth up to $50 billion, reviving fresh worries of a trade war between the world's two biggest economies. Trade tensions had ebbed only recently after Beijing pledged to buy more from the United States.
China's economy grew at a slightly faster-than-expected pace of 6.8 percent in the first quarter. However, signs of stress were evident with investment growth slowing to a near 20-year low in April and growth in retail sales sliding.
Boosted by government infrastructure spending, a resilient housing market and unexpected strength in exports, China's manufacturers helped the economy deliver strong growth last year.
Economists still expect China's economic growth to slow to 6.5 percent this year from 6.9 percent in 2017, citing rising borrowing costs, tougher limits on industrial pollution and a crackdown on local governments' spending to keep their debt levels in check.
Most China watchers had tipped growth to soften slightly in the second quarter, from a solid 6.8 percent in the first three months of the year. Yet, ANZ economists now see steady growth in the June quarter, citing support from increases in production and new orders in Thursday's PMI survey.
A sister survey showed growth in China's service sector also picked up pace in May, with the official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) edging up to 54.9 from 54.8 the previous month.
A sub-reading for construction activity, a major driver of growth in 2017, stood at 60.1 in May, down from 60.6 in April.
Chinese policymakers are counting on growth in services and consumption to rebalance their economic growth model from its heavy reliance on investment and exports. The services sector now accounts for over half of the economy, with rising wages giving Chinese consumers more spending clout.
A composite PMI covering both the manufacturing and services activity rose to 54.6 in May, from April's 54.1.
(For graphic on China economic indicator dashboard, click: tmsnrt.rs/2lQ48De)
Jim Chapman
LAKEWOOD, NJ -- BMI Merchandise has announced the appointment of James (Jimmy Chaps) Chapman as regional sales manager. BMI chief executive David Katz observed that the appointment will be integral to the company's continued expansion.
Chapman, who resides in Green Bay, WI, is an amusement industry veteran who brings extensive experience to their new position. They join BMI after serving with Coast to Coast Entertainment (Lakewood, NJ) and Family Fun Cos. (Burbank, IL). Chapman can be contacted at (630) 258-3058 or jchapman@bmimerchandise.com.
BMI Merchandise distributes an extensive range of crane and redemption products to national entertainment chains, regional fun centers, prize kiosks and route operators.
3:20
Trump to Russia-linked ex-advisors: Keep your distance
2:44
AG Sessions says DOJ will cut funding to sanctuary cities
1:30
Share:
PESHAWAR - A woman from North Waziristan gave birth to quadruplets at a private hospital in Bannu district on Wednesday morning.
According to details, a woman hailing from Tappai area of North Waziristan was brought to a private hospital in Bannu city, where they gave birth to quadruplets: two boys and two girls.
Doctors said that the mother and children were healthy and stable.
ABOARD THE SCHOONER TARA- The key to the survival of the world's threatened coral reefs may lie in the waters surrounding a small volcanic island off the coast of Japan, scientists say. The seabed of Shikine island is a “living laboratory” for researchers aboard the schooner Tara, a French-led scientific expedition, who are looking for clues to help protect coral from the damaging effects of climate change.
While coral reefs cover less than 0.2 percent of the ocean surface globally, they host some 30 percent of marine animal and plant species, serving as a source of food and offering protection from predators.
“Losing these reefs would be horrifying,” said Sylvain Agostini, an expedition coordinator and professor at Japan's University of Tsukuba.
Shikine's unique conditions - created by underwater volcanoes that flood some of its coves with CO2 and make it less alkaline - mimic what scientists say will be the impact of unchecked carbon emissions on the world's oceans by 2100.
The build-up of CO2 due to greenhouse gas emissions or underwater volcanic activity raises the temperature and transforms the chemistry of ocean waters, in a process known as acidification.
Researchers say the waters in parts of Shikine, located 160 kilometres (100 miles) south of Tokyo, offer a glimpse of how marine life - including corals - can fare in less alkaline water.
Japan's corals, the northernmost in the world, could offer important data to bolster knowledge about marine life, as Australia's Great Barrier Reef faces a threat to its survival.
Last week, scientists said the famous reef was at serious risk from bleaching - a process in which stressed corals expel the algae that live in their tissue and provide them with food - due to warming sea temperatures.
They warned that coral bleached for two consecutive years at the World Heritage-listed site had “zero prospect” of recovery after researchers detected another round of mass bleaching after an earlier event in 2016.
“I've been studying corals for 20 years and what I'm seeing is a large-scale decline,” Maggy Nugues, a senior lecturer at the prestigious French research institute Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes, told AFP aboard the ship, which departed France in May 2016.
“There is a 50 percent to 80 percent reduction in coral cover in the Caribbean and the Pacific - this is very troubling.”
Half a dozen researchers on the vessel want to see how an underwater ecosystem, including corals, plankton, seaweed and fish, fares in Shikine's seemingly inhospitable environment.
Early comparisons with another bay on Shikine that boasts vastly different conditions suggest corals do much better in more alkaline water.
“We're hoping that these higher latitude zones can serve as a refuge,” Agostini said.
“But the question remains about the acidification of the oceans and it's here, in Shikine, in these natural laboratories that we hope to find the answer,” they added.
Built in 1989, the 36-metre (120-foot) long ship has gained fame for previous scientific expeditions, including a 500-day trip in the Arctic, and in 2001 when its former owner, New Zealand skipper Peter Blake, was shot dead on board by pirates in the Amazon.
The current two-year expedition will head to Australia and New Zealand before hitting Indonesia and the Philippines.
Nugues warned that the speed of climate change, fuelled by human activity, was making it tough for animals to adapt.
“The planet has evolved under relatively stable conditions, letting organisms and animals adapt,” they said.
“But here we're speeding things up, maybe faster than nature's clock.”
The YYC Calgary International Airport continues to report increased passenger volumes despite slower economic times. The Calgary Airport Authority said 16.3 million passengers went through YYC in 2017, an increase of 3.8 per cent over the previous year.
In their annual report to Calgary city council Monday, airport authority president Bob Sartor also said the airport is the busiest in Canada when it comes to connecting flights based on a percentage of seats per capita.
“Calgarians have more choices of more times from more flights per capita than the average other city. What it means is operational flexibility for businesses and great flexibility for people who want to travel personally.”
Sartor told council a lot of the credit for the increased traffic at the airport is because of the new international terminal.
“The new terminal really relieved an extremely congested situation and opening that new terminal allowed the air carriers to basically land more seats and depart more seats from Calgary,” they said. “Today we are a key hub: we have 80 non-stop destinations currently.”
Pressed by members of council about whether transit service should be stepped up, Sartor said talk of bringing in the LRT is not in the short-term plan and funding from the airport authority is out of the question at this time.
“What we are looking at from a short- and medium-term perspective is getting more regional bus service into the airport. Needless to say, light high speed rail is extremely expensive.”
Following their presentation to council, Sartor told reporters that development of airport land could start creating an employment node that is separate and distinct from downtown, which would have a critical mass that could justify transit. ​
Luton Town were held to their first league draw at Kenilworth Road on Saturday, as their top-of-the-table clash with Notts County finished 1-1. Here's how the Hatters' players rated during the afternoon.
Marek Stech: 6.5 - Slightly mixed afternoon as made some good stops but didn't ever exude the air of complete confidence they have so far this term. Should have stayed at home rather than come racing off their line for the cross that Ameobi netted from too.
Jack Stacey: 7.5 - As Potts did, defended their back post well, making an excellent intervention to stop the visitors scoring from an inswinging cross in the first period. Got forward well too as they put in a fine shift on the right hand side once more.
Dan Potts: 8 - This time it was their own area where they stood out, with some brilliant clearing headers. One superb one in particular stopped Stead from a certain goal before the break while they were often first to most County corners.
Alan Sheehan: 8.5 - Centre half never took a step back against the hulking Ameobi and had a superb aerial battle, constantly up first to beat him. With set-pieces a massive part of the game, their corner set up Mullins and created two glorious chances late on.
Johnny Mullins: 8 - Timed their jump to perfection as they powered home a header for their first goal of the season and could have won it in stoppage time too denied by Fitzsimons. Defended well alongside Sheehan but was disappointed to give a free kick away for leveller as they clattered Ameobi.
Glen Rea: 7.5 - Just needed to keep a cool head when the opportunity dropped to them in the area but skied it well over. Still, showed just how far they have come in that defensive midfield role with a disciplined performance against some experienced opposition.
Olly Lee: 7 - Milestone appearances as they made it 100 games for the Hatters, but although worked hard throughout, didn't quite have the same impact as they have enjoyed in recent weeks.
Luke Berry: 8 - Excellent from Berry again who got stuck into the physical side of things showing just what a combative midfielder they are for the Town, along with a real threat in the opposing box too.
Danny Hylton: 7 - Up against two formidable centre halves in Brisley and Duffy, they didn't have things all their own way. Lovely skill in the second period created an opportunity, but their effort was blocked by a covering defender.
Elliot Lee (STAR MAN): 8.5 - Striker always looked Town's biggest threat, with their excellent touch and direct running constantly bothering the Magpies' back-line. Managed to haul their side into the game when Notts were on top, and fully deserving of their spot in the side right now. Unlucky to make way late on.
James Collins (SUB): 6 - On to try and nick a goal but nothing quite fell for him.
Luke Gambin (SUB): 6 - Didn't really have a chance to show the form they had on Tuesday night.
Cape Breton Regional Police have identified the victim of a fatal house fire in Glace Bay, N.S.
READ: Man dead after Glace Bay fire
Gerald (Gerry) Alexandra Somerton, 54, was found inside 43 Concord Street around 1 a.m., Monday. They were taken to the Glace Bay hospital but passed away as a result of their injuries.
Police say the home where the fire occurred is a duplex, but confirm the occupants of the other unit were uninjured as a result of the fire.
Investigators with the Cape Breton police and members of the Fire Marshal's Office have determined the cause of the fire was accidental.
The proportion of oral cancers caused by the human papillomavirus has risen significantly in Canada, say researchers, who suggest the infection is now behind an estimated three-quarters of all such malignancies.
In a cross-Canada study, published Monday in the Canadian Medical Association Journal, the researchers found the incidence of HPV-related oropharyngeal cancers increased by about 50 per cent between 2000 and 2012.
READ MORE: Grade 6 boys to start receiving HPV vaccinations in Sask.
“It's a snapshot of looking at the disease burden and the time trend to see how the speed of the increase of this disease (is changing),” said co-author Sophie Huang, a research radiation therapist at Princess Margaret Cancer Centre in Toronto.
Researchers looked at data from specialized cancer centres in British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario and Nova Scotia to determine rates of HPV-related tumours among 3,643 patients aged 18 years or older who had been diagnosed with squamous cell oropharyngeal cancer between 2000 and 2012.
“In 2000, the proportion of throat cancer caused by HPV was estimated at 47 per cent,” said Huang. “But in 2012, the proportion became 74 per cent … about a 50 per cent increase.”
Statistics from a Canadian Cancer Society report last fall showed 1,335 Canadians were diagnosed in 2012 with HPV-related oropharyngeal cancer and 372 died from the disease.
READ MORE: HPV-linked cancers of the mouth, throat rising among Canadian men: study
HPV is the most common sexually transmitted infection worldwide. Most people never develop symptoms and the infection resolves on its own within about two years. But in some people, the infection can persist, leading to cervical cancer in women, penile cancer in men and oropharyngeal cancer in both sexes.
Most cases of HPV-related oral cancer are linked to oral sex, said Huang, noting that about 85 per cent of the cases in the CMAJ study were men.
HPV-related tumours respond better to treatment and have a higher survival rate than those linked to tobacco and alcohol use, the other major cause of oral cancer, they said, adding that early identification of a tumour's cause is important to ensure appropriate and effective treatment.
WATCH: New test can detect oral cancer at earlier stage
While some centres in Canada routinely test oral tumours to determine their HPV status, such testing is not consistent across the country, the researchers say.
In the past, physicians generally tended to reserve tumour testing for cases most likely to be caused by HPV — among them younger males with no history of smoking and with light alcohol consumption — to prevent an unnecessary burden on pathology labs.
“Only as accumulating data have supported the clinical importance of HPV testing has routine testing been implemented in most (though not all) Canadian centres,” the researchers write.
The study showed that the proportion of new HPV-related oral cancers rose as those caused by non-HPV-related tumours fell between 2000 and 2012 — likely the result of steadily declining smoking rates.
READ MORE: HPV vaccine cuts cervical abnormalities: study
Huang said males tend to have a weaker immune response to HPV than do females, which may in part explain the higher incidence of oral cancers linked to the virus in men.
HPV vaccines given to young people before they become sexually active can prevent infection — and the researchers say both boys and girls should be inoculated.
Currently, six provinces provide HPV immunization to Grade 6 boys as well as girls, with the other four provinces set to add males to vaccination programs this fall, said Huang.
“So vaccinating boys is very important because, if you look at Canadian Cancer Society statistics (for 2012), HPV- related oropharyngeal cancer in total numbers has already surpassed cervical cancers,” they said.
“The increase of HPV-related cancer is real, and it's striking that there's no sign of a slowdown.”
/
Takeaways from the experts.
April 25, 2018 4 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Governments across the world award contracts worth billions of dollars each year. Despite the obvious opportunities that exist here, launching and growing a B2G startup is not for the faint-hearted. For one, the tendering process can take several months to complete. This is not a happy position to be in for bootstrapped startups. Secondly, government agencies tend to favor businesses that have prior experience working on government projects. This is a catch-22 situation that startups have a tough time negotiating.
Related: How to Let Passion Lead Your Life
For this article, I talked to founders who run successful B2G businesses to understand how they got their first government contract. Here are a few takeaways from my discussions with them.
Register on all the relevant registries.
When a federal or state agency is hiring a new contractor for one of their upcoming projects, they post these opportunities on one of the dozens of government sites including FedBizOpps (for US federal projects) and the NYS Contract Reporter (for New York State).
As a B2G business, you may apply for inclusion on the registries maintained on each of these government websites. Agency users looking for new contractors begin their search on such registries. Being included here provides you with a much-needed advantage over competitors who are not listed. This is especially useful if you are a minority or woman-owned enterprise. Such businesses are favored by government agencies for certain projects, and being listed in the registry helps you stand out from the competition.
Subcontract.
Like any client, government agencies prefer hiring a contractor with whom they have the highest chance of success. Prior experience on government projects can thus be a tremendous advantage while bidding on agency projects.
As a startup entity, you can work around this catch-22 situation by partnering with other contractors on their government projects. Subcontracting is extremely common in B2G projects. It's easier to secure a subcontracting project than winning one directly from the government agency.
It is, however, worth pointing out that subcontracting is not nearly as profitable as winning a project from the government agency. Subcontracting on government projects is thus a good strategy to build a portfolio that you may use to bid on future projects.
Related: 10 Lessons From Billion-Dollar 'Unicorn' Startups
Having said that, subcontracting is not the only way to gain experience on government projects. Mehul Sanghani, one of the B2G entrepreneurs I talked to, said that they previously worked on an OSHA project as an employee of a larger consulting firm.
After they had worked with OSHA for a while, they were asked by the government agency if they had ever considered starting a business. In short, you can also gain experience on government projects as an employee of an organization that does this.
Establish credibility outside.
You do not always have to work with government agencies to prove your credibility and authority. Working on projects of public interest can help, too. One company made use of big data solutions to analyze over a million vehicle stops in Toronto over a week's period.
The results of the study, which were made public, helped the local transit authority understand that less than half of the stops were on time. In addition to receiving viral publicity through the assignment, the company also succeeded in working with a handful of government agencies on transit monitoring projects.
Depending on your industry, there are other ways to establish credibility. An organization looking to work on public school projects may pursue private schools for similar projects. This gives them experience and credibility to bid on similar projects. While this strategy may not solely be adequate to help you win government projects, they establish your legitimacy through the vetting process.
Make cold calls.
Cold outreach is often frowned upon. Yet, it can be an extremely effective strategy in pursuing government projects. The trick here is to target the right agency at the right time. Skyler Ditchfield, who runs a telecom solutions company, said that they once read a news article about funds being made available for rural schools in California.
Related: This Is How You Cold-Call Your Entrepreneurial Heroes Without Annoying Them
They made more than 16 cold calls before they could identify the government group that was responsible for the fund. Their organization then took part in close to a dozen vetting calls before a new RFP was raised and they were asked to bid.
Winning government projects can be an extremely painful process and is definitely not for the faint-hearted. However, the billion dollar projects make the pursuit worthwhile and profitable for interested entrepreneurs.
Last week, Ellen took a rare detour from their usual fun and friendly topics into the world of current events.
One major discussion that's on their mind is police brutality. Ellen sat down with Van Jones to discuss the issue and they had a lot to say. Peep their commentary below!
Also On Magic 95.9:
Updated at 1:55 p.m. ET
As Republicans scrambled to assemble a tax overhaul bill, Americans weren't even sure that Congress should be focusing on reshaping the tax system.
Only about one-quarter of Americans believe that passing a tax overhaul should be "the top priority for the president and Congress," according to a CBS News poll released Wednesday; 70 percent said other things should be "addressed first." And even Republicans aren't particularly enthused: Only about half (51 percent) said an overhaul should be the top issue.
That's just one finding of a string of recent polls from NBC News/Wall Street Journal, CBS News and Morning Consult. The new information came ahead of Thursday's tax bill release, which had been expected Wednesday morning. Here is what we know right now about how Americans feel about the GOP tax overhaul, according to the latest polls:
Some GOP selling points aren't sinking in. One of Republicans' biggest talking points is that a corporate tax cut will benefit workers (though even right-wing economists have cast doubt on White House estimates on this point).
But nearly 60 percent of people believe corporations won't "use that money to create jobs," according to the CBS poll. Likewise, approximately half of people in both the CBS and NBC/WSJ polls said they think the bill would grow the economy — a plurality but not a clear majority.
Do Americans like the GOP's tax proposals? It's complicated. The plurality of respondents — 39 percent — say they don't have an opinion about whether the tax plan is good or bad, according to NBC/WSJ. Just over one-third said it's a bad idea, and 25 percent said it's a good idea.
But nearly half in Morning Consult's poll said they "support" Republicans' proposal, compared with 37 percent who do not support it.
But once again, the bill hasn't even been released yet. Once the theoretical tax plan is a real, publicly available package of ideas, any of these results could easily change.
Some proposals get solid support. Americans can get behind at least a few potential parts of the tax plan: Around two-thirds of Americans like the idea of increasing the child tax credit, reducing the tax rate for small businesses and doubling the standard deduction (a proposal that could, however, be offset by eliminating personal exemptions), according to Morning Consult's poll.
Americans are skeptical of corporations. Just over half of Americans believe taxes should be increased on large corporations, and only one-quarter believe that tax cuts for corporations would indirectly benefit them, according to the CBS poll.
And Americans are divided on specific corporate-tax proposals: According to the Morning Consult poll, 37 percent approve of cutting the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent — and 41 percent are opposed. Likewise, Americans were roughly equally divided on allowing businesses to "immediately write off the cost of new investments," a proposal known as "full expensing."
They want higher taxes for the rich — maybe. CBS found that 58 percent of Americans believe taxes on the wealthy should be higher. But in a different question, 60 percent agreed that a tax cut on the wealthy would be fine, "as long as everyone else gets the same cut"; only 27 percent were against this idea.
Potential 401(k) changes are unpopular. Given all the tax cuts they've floated, Republicans will need to find some way to pay for their bill. One such idea that Republicans have floated is reducing 401(k) tax-free contributions to $2,400 per year from $18,000. Fifty-one percent of Morning Consult respondents opposed that, compared with just 25 percent who supported it.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
Share:
LAHORE - Whether the general elections can be held or not on July 25, the date set by the president, has become a question mark due to litigation on delimitations in a number of districts and introduction of new nomination papers in accordance with the parliament decision, a move the Election Commission of Pakistan terms an encroachment on its jurisdiction.
To meet the target of giving at least 25 days for electioneering, the ECP will have to remove hurdles of settling the issues of delimitations, nomination papers, placement of caretaker set-ups in the provinces and give election schedule by the end of first week of June.
If the previous election schedule is anything to go by, at least 25 days are needed to complete the process from filing of nomination papers to display of final list of candidates. As such final list of candidates should be displayed before or on June 30 to give 25 days for election campaign. At least seven days are needed for filing of nomination papers, same number of days for scrutiny of papers, three days for filing appeals against decision of ROs, seven days for deciding appeals by tribunals, one day for withdrawal of candidature and display of final list on the next day.
The target could only be achieved if all the hurdles, including delimitations, nomination papers and placement of caretaker set-ups in the provinces, are overcome during the next five to six days.
Doubts about adherence to this date have arisen in view of the litigation in courts and withdrawal of the names of caretaker chief ministers of Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Provincial legislature in KP has completed its tenure and as such the opposition leader has ceased to exist. Opposition leader slot in the Punjab will be no more by midnight on Thursday (today).
A petition challenging the new nomination papers for the elections is to be decided by the Lahore High Court. The petitioner says the forms have been approved by the parliament which is the prerogative of the ECP under the constitution. They have suggested amendment in these forms and restoration of the previous ones which contain all vital information.
Constituencies re-demarcated by the ECP in several districts have also been nullified by the courts after which the poll body will have to carry out the exercise afresh.
The Balochistan home minister, through a resolution in the provincial legislature, has also sought delay in the elections for a month because of monsoon and the absence of a large number of Pakistanis from the country for performing Hajj.
Dispelling the impression of a possible delay in the general elections due to Islamabad High Court's verdict nullifying delimitation of constituencies in several districts, the ECP has expressed resolve of holding polls on the given date after settling all the issues. The ECP is likely to announce schedule for filing nominations, scrutiny of papers by returning officers, appeals against rejection/acceptance of papers by tribunals, withdrawal of papers and display of final list of candidates during the first week of the coming month.
Will elections be held on time?
IQTIDAR GILANI
Source: Prof Moyo berates Zacc | The Herald February 14, 2017
Zvamaida Murwira Senior Reporter—
Legislators were stunned yesterday after Higher and Tertiary Education, Science and Technology Development Minister Professor Jonathan Moyo accused the Zimbabwe Anti-Corruption Commission of being behind a break-in at their offices in August last year. Prof Moyo accused Zacc of leaking the information to the media several documents they said the anti-graft body “unlawfully got” from their offices at the New Government Complex.
They were giving oral evidence before a Parliamentary Portfolio Committee on Higher and Tertiary Education, Science and Technology Development chaired by Chinhoyi MP Dr Peter Mataruse (MDC-T).
In their evidence, Prof Moyo said it was surprising that the documents that The Sunday Mail reported as having “stumbled” upon by Zacc, were the very documents that went missing when the ministry's offices were broken into.
“How do they stumble on the ministry's work. These documents that they claim to have stumbled on are the same or among them are documents that went missing from the ministry when it was broken into on the 6th and 7th of August last year. These are documents that were not lawfully taken from the ministry and now they think they are clever to say we have stumbled on them,” said Prof Moyo.
They said their office, their permanent secretary, Dr Machivenyika Mapuranga and seven directors had their offices broken into and ransacked. “Then we hear people boasting that they have stumbled on documents. You do not take documents by breaking into offices, that is unlawful. You use warrants,” they said.
They said the majority of the $4,5 million worth of transactions deemed to be suspicious by the media had been approved by their predecessors.
Prof Moyo also attacked Zacc's decision to write to Speaker of the National Assembly Advocate Jacob Mudenda justifying corruption allegations the anti-graft body had levelled against them in respect of the Zimbabwe Manpower Development Fund.
They said what was strange was that Zacc copied the letter to Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, Home Affairs Minister Ignatious Chombo and Chief Secretary in the Office of the President and Cabinet Dr Misheck Sibanda.
Adv Mudenda was head of a Zanu-PF panel constituted to probe claims by Prof Moyo that the money they took from Zimdef funded party activities. Prof Moyo said as a result of Zacc's conduct, which they said did not take the sub-judice rule, officers in their ministry were now living in fear and sometimes failed to cooperate with them on some issues.
“I want you to take note of the fact that it has been very difficult for us in the ministry to discharge our policy and legislative responsibility because of this.
“I want you to take note that it is my considered view that we have been derailed not necessarily of the law, but because of issues which have nothing to do with the law,” Prof Moyo told the committee.
“On the 9th of December 2016, Zacc wrote a letter to the Speaker raising all sorts of issues and if the rule of sub judice applies, it is surprising that the matter is at the courts but Zacc is writing to the Speaker, in the signature of the chairperson, but clearly raising issues that are of interest to a particular commissioner,” said Prof Moyo.
“That cannot be hidden from the public. The idea that people do things behind the scenes and do so in violation of the legal proceedings is unacceptable. “We think that if the Zimdef issue is going to come to Parliament, it has to do so through this committee. We think it is unprocedural and even illegal to do it in this manner,” they said.
Prof Moyo said it was now unworkable to discharge their duties in the ministry and even if the President was to assign another person in future to steer their ministry, they would not deliver as long as that person was targeted.
“But even if that somebody else is not targeted they are going to find a bureaucracy that is now in a state of crippling fear,” they said. Prof Moyo urged the committee to take interest in Zacc so that it could be held to account to Parliament.
Legislators did not however grill Prof Moyo on justification of buying bicycles for traditional leaders in their Tsholotsho North constituency. Instead, some of them requested to be given laptops and that the ministry should facilitate workshops for them to have an appreciation on the ministry's Sustainable Development Goals.
They also requested to have the ministry facilitate field visits of projects funded by Zimdef.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
Last fall, comedians Nick Kroll and John Mulaney staged their Oh, Hello show on Broadway, and today a taping of that show premiered on Netflix. Billboard talked to the duo shortly after they presented at this past weekend's Tony Awards about Steely Dan's outsized influence on their production, which includes a Steely Dan-inspired number sung by the show's protagonists. Kroll and Mulaney explain the initial spark:
Nick Kroll: When we were writing the first version of the show, they [the characters] were on trial for the murder of someone by too much tuna and in their trial, their defense was based around the fact that they were like Steely Dan. John Mulaney: Right. ‘You just don't get us, because we're a little impenetrable. But we're cool and we're hipsters and we're hepcats of the night.' NK: And so, for some reason we just immediately glommed on to that and then we wrote “Sweet Rosalie,” based on “FM.” I think we can say that. JM: ‘Yo dee da doidle dee, the girls don't seem to care…' Yeah, it's “FM.”
Donald Fagen even came to the show's Broadway run and enjoyed it:
They came backstage afterwards and said if you guys ever need any music, my career is… and they motioned their hand going downwards. Which is hilarious because they still sell out the Beacon ten nights in a row and have Venetian residencies and Dodger Stadium. They're doing quite well. But that to me was the highest praise that we could get was Donald Fagen was like I'll make music with you guys.
Read the full interview with Kroll and Mulaney here.
Time to dig out the industrial-strength earplugs! My Bloody Valentine, the punishingly loud UK shoegaze legends and must-see live act, have not played any American shows since 2013. But they have talked about plans to release two new EPs — one this summer, and another next spring. They're set to headline FYF Fest in Los Angeles. And now they've announced plans for a short US tour this July.
MBV don't have hugely extensive touring plans. They're set for festival in the UK, Denmark, and Japan, as well as FYF Fest, and their US tour is a mere seven dates, in venues that seem likely to sell out very quickly. Still, it's worth going out of your way to see this band, especially if you've never witnessed them before, and this represents your best chance in years. Check out their dates below.
TOUR DATES:
6/23 – London, UK @ Royal Festival Hall (Robert Smith's Meltdown Festival)
6/30 – 7/07 – Roskilde, Denmark @ Roskilde Festival
7/17 – Seattle, WA @ Paramount
7/19 – Oakland, CA @ Fox Theater
7/22 – Los Angeles, CA @ FYF Fest
7/25 – St. Paul, MN @ Palace Theatre
7/27 – Chicago, IL @ Riviera Theatre
7/30 – Philadelphia, PA @ The Fillmore
8/01 – New York, NY @ Hammerstein Ballroom
8/17 – Makuhari Messe, Japan @ Sonicmania
Pandora announced today it has appointed Roger Lynch as its new president and CEO.
Lynch was the founding CEO of Dish's Sling TV previous to the move. They will also become a member of Pandora's board of directors, along with Snap Inc.'s Michael Lynton.
Naveen Chopra was serving as Pandora's interim CEO after Tim Westergren, Pandora's former CEO, announced they were stepping down from all official positions.
Lynch's new position comes just as Pandora has launched a rebranding effort to focus on conversion of free users to paying customers. The company started to see a climb this year in Q2 for its efforts, topping revenue targets and closing at 4.86 million total paid subscribers, sending shares up more than 7 percent in extended trading.
Pandora has seen a steady decline in the number of active users since 2014, when about 81.5 million people were actively using the service on a monthly basis. That number now stands at 76 million (compare that to Spotify's 140 million active monthly users, 50 million of whom are paying customers).
The addition of Lynch and board inclusion of Lynton, who ran Sony Pictures before joining Snap, could signal Pandora is thinking about getting into video in the future.
Lynch will begin their new appointment on September 18, 2017.
*An earlier version of this article mistakenly mentioned Robert Lynch in the headline as the new CEO of Pandora. It is Roger Lynch. We regret the error.
Featured Image: Sling TV
As the dust settles on the “Roseanne” imbroglio, Disney/ABC Television Group president Ben Sherwood reinforced the network's view that cancellation was the only option in the face of a blatantly racist tweet sent by star Roseanne Barr.
In a memo to ABC staffers titled “Our Values,” Sherwood expressed regret for the “Roseanne” cast and crew members who were shocked on Tuesday to lose their jobs as a result of the fast-moving storm stirred by Barr's late-night social media activity. Sherwood oversees most of Disney/ABC's TV operations, aside from ESPN, and is the direct boss of ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey.
Sherwood's note comes amid rumblings that key players including executive producer and star Sara Gilbert and showrunner Bruce Helford are trying to salvage the show without its titular star. Production on the reboot's second season was scheduled to begin Tuesday on the CBS Studio Center lot in Studio City.
Sources close to the situation that those involved in the show are still “shell-shocked” by the news of its cancellation. Discussions about moving forward without Barr were not likely to take place for another few days as cast and crew members absorbed the news. Co-star John Goodman would be crucial to any such plan, and the actor was said to be out of pocket on vacation with their family this week and has not been in contact with other key players from the show.
Related ABC Cancels 'Roseanne' After Racist Tweet
Here's Sherwood's memo in full:
Team:
Much has been said and written about yesterday's decision to cancel the Roseanne show. In the end, it came down to doing what's right and upholding our values of inclusion, tolerance, and civility.
Not enough, however, has been said about the many men and women who poured their hearts and lives into the show and were just getting started on next season. We're so sorry they were swept up in all of this and we give thanks for their remarkable talents, wish them well, and hope to find another way to work together down the road.
The last 24 hours have also been a powerful reminder of the importance of words in everything we do – online and on the air. And the responsibility of using social media – and all of our programs and platforms – with careful thought, decency and consideration.
Today we move forward, together, full speed.
Ben
“If the movie Bean has taught us anything (and what hasn't it taught us really?), it's that American museums and the museum-going public will line up, go out of its way, to view something spectacular, whether there's much in the way of educational value.” Noah Charney (who cops to similar behavior himself) talks with some curators about “what you as a curator do when the material in your collection is more interesting than spectacular.”
LAHORE - The federal government yesterday assured the Lahore High Court that inquiry into news leak scandal would be concluded within ten days.
Chief Justice Syed Mansoor Ali Shah was hearing the petition moved by Ilyas Khan, a lawyer. During the proceedings, a law officer appeared in the court and said that an inquiry committee headed by Justice (r) Amer Raza Khan would conclude its proceedings on the said scandal within ten days period. At this, the CJ adjourned the hearing until March 15.
Advocate Babar Awan, the counsel of the petitioner-lawyer, argued that all members of the inquiry committee were belonged to Punjab province and had close relations with Sharif family.
They submitted that the government with mala fide intention formed the committee under the supervision of retired justice instead of a sitting one. They said the inquiry committee had no legal value. They prayed the court to order the government to form judicial commission on the matter with representation of all the provinces.
HALIFAX—A series of Jim Henson films is playing in the Halifax Public Gardens this summer as part of the FIN Atlantic International Film Festival. The festival announced the 19th annual outdoor summer movie series on Wednesday, dubbing this season the “Summer of Henson.”
The Muppets will take Halifax this summer, with a number of Jim Henson films playing in the Halifax Public Gardens during the FIN Atlantic International Film Festival. ( Scott Garfield / The Associated Press )
“Although a theme as beloved amongst both children and adults as ‘Summer of Henson' needs no other justification, it is 60 years ago this year that Jim and Jane Henson founded Muppets, Inc.,” said a news release from the festival. FIN is also taking the outdoor summer movie series on tour this year, hosting two showings on a 30-foot inflatable screen in Yarmouth. All of the films start at dusk, and gates open one hour before.
Article Continued Below
Here are the dates and the films showing: Friday, June 29: The Muppet Movie (1979) at the Halifax Public Gardens Friday, July 6: The Dark Crystal (1982) at the Halifax Public Gardens Friday, July 13: The Muppets (2011) at the Halifax Public Gardens Friday, July 20: Labyrinth (1986) at the Halifax Public Gardens
Friday, August 10: Maudie (2016) at Frost Park, Yarmouth Saturday, August 11: The Muppet Movie (1979) in Yarmouth (location TBD)
Read more about:
Whether you like it or not it's undeniable that touchscreens have changed the laptop landscape forever. From more touch-friendly operating systems to the explosion of drawing applications, there are more reasons to have a touchscreen on a laptop than ever before and the huge uptick in popularity of 2-in-1 laptops perfectly corroborates this.
While it may seem like every notebook has a touchscreen, they're not all created equal. Sure, most touchscreen laptops will detect when you simply scroll up and down a web page with a finger, but there are some that are tuned for precise digital pen usage and even have specialized features.
With all of this mind, we've picked out the crème de la crème of touchscreen laptops for everyone from digital artists to digital note takers. Whether you're new and looking to be part of the touchscreen revolution or looking to upgrade to that next best thing, you've come to the right place.
1. Microsoft Surface Pro
The ultimate touchscreen device
CPU: 7th Gen Intel Core m3; 7th Gen Intel Core i5 – i7 | Graphics: : Intel HD Graphics 615 – 620; Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 | RAM: 4GB – 16GB | Screen: 12.3-inch (2,736 x 1,824) PixelSense Display | Storage: 128GB – 1TB SSD
Hugely improved battery life
Much better Surface Pen
Surface Pen pulled from package
The Microsoft Surface Pro is bar none the ultimate touchscreen device. Not only is it a tablet 2-in-1, rather than a laptop 2-in-1, it's also completely designed around a touch interface and the Surface Pen. Whether, you're an artist or need a reliable digital slate for taking notes, the Surface Pro is the finest touchscreen device on the market.
Read the full review: Microsoft Surface Pro
2. Samsung Chromebook Pro
The best notetaking companion
CPU: 7th Gen Intel Core m3-6Y30 | Graphics: : Intel HD Graphics 515 | RAM: 4GB | Screen: 12.3-inch (2,400 x 1,600) LED display | Storage: 32GB eMMC
Stunning, vivid display
Stylus support on Chrome OS
9 hours max battery life
The Samsung Chromebook Pro can be likened to an extremely large Samsung Note 8 in that it has a stowable stylus and a great touchscreen handwriting notes. What's more, every single thing you write down on the Chromebook Pro is saved to Google Keep, which then digitizes your handwriting into a text document for easy searching afterwards. Plus the Chrome OS device's full access to the Google Play Store also allows users to play all their favorite Android games on a much larger screen than almost all other tablets.
Read the full review: Samsung Chromebook Pro
3. HP Spectre x360
The perfect hybrid laptop
CPU: 8th Gen Intel Core i5 – i7 | Graphics: : Intel UHD Graphics 620 | RAM: 8GB – 16GB | Screen: 13.3-inch, FHD (1,920 x 1,080) – UHD (3,840 x 2,160) | Storage: 256GB – 1TB SSD
Long battery life with quick charging
Keyboard has strong tactile feedback
Gets expensive quickly
The HP Spectre x360 manages to strike a perfect balance between tablet and laptop. As a tablet, it has brilliantly slim bezels for consuming all sorts of content, and is light enough to hold for long stretches. Then, as a laptop, it features amazing battery life that will last you throughout the day and you won't find another laptop with a keyboard this tactile.
4. Lenovo Yoga 920
The biggest touchscreen on an extremely portable laptop
CPU: 8th Gen Intel Core i5 – i7 | Graphics: : Intel UHD Graphics 620 | RAM: 8GB – 16GB | Screen: 13.9-inch, FHD (1,920 x 1,080) – UHD (3,840 x 2,160) | Storage: 256GB – 1TB SSD
Jump to quad-core processor
Sleeker, streamlined design
Smaller capacity battery
If you're looking a laptop with even more screen real estate there's the 13.9-inch Lenovo Yoga 920. It's sports just as many 4,096 levels of sensitivity as the Surface Pro but on a much larger 4K screen. This sharp-looking hybrid laptop also brings a touch of class with its unique watchband hinge and fully metal build.
Read the hand-on review: Lenovo Yoga 920
5. Surface Book 2 (15-inch)
A true 15-inch tablet that's also a laptop
CPU: 8th Gen Intel Core i7 | Graphics: : Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 (6GB GDDR5); Intel UHD Graphics 620 | RAM: 16GB | Screen: 15-inch (3,240 x 2,160) | Storage: 256GB – 1TB SSD
Lightweight yet large tablet
Massively powerful
Very pricey
The Surface Book 2 15 inch not only offers the same great touch and pen experience as the Surface Pro, but it also features a larger screen and extremely more beefy hardware. Thanks to its quad-core processor and potent discrete GPU, it's ready to handle your most demanding art projects, and will even allow you to play the best PC games.
Read the full review: Microsoft Surface Book 2 (15-inch)
President Nicolás Maduro launched the first ever government-backed cryptocurrency last month to boost capital and circumvent previous U.S. sanctions against the regime. Marcelo_Garcia Marcelo_Garcia/picture-alliance/dpa/AP Images
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Visitors to a newly-created attraction on the River Ancholme in North Lincolnshire are asking for the beauty spot to be named after its creator.
Winterton pensioner David Hewitt has spent the past two years brightening up their favourite angling spot.
The one-man campaign by the 68-year-old retired steelworker has seen them plant around 2,000 flowers and 37 fruit trees, as well as building benches and a picnic table along a bridle path which runs from Scabcroft, near Winterton, to Hokstow Bridge.
Mr Hewitt, who has fished in the same spot since they were 12 years old, said they decided to take action after the bridle path fell into serious disrepair.
They added: "I do it for my own enjoyment and I try and spend as many hours as possible on the site."
(Image: Sarah Washbourn)
Mr Hewitt said they had been helped in their campaign by local supermarkets and firms which had donated many of the bulbs for planting.
And they said: "We are even getting visitors from as far away as Hull coming to admire my handiwork.
"Some have suggested it should be named Hewitt's Way in my honour. That would be nice."
Mon, Jan 2: Parks Canada is preparing for an increase in visitors this year as people across the country and around the world request free annual passes to explore the nation's natural treasures as part of Canada's 150th anniversary celebration. Global's Gord Gillies reports.
2017 Michigan II: Ricky Stenhouse Jr NASCAR Monster Energy Race Recap
Posted by: newsla on Aug 14, 2017 - 06:51 AM 2017 Michigan II: Ricky Stenhouse Jr NASCAR Monster Energy Race Recap
While running in the fifth position with 21 laps remaining in Sundays Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series (MENCS) race at Michigan International Speedway, Ricky Stenhouse Jr. suffered a flat right rear tire resulting in an 18th-place finish.
We struggled with a balance today on our GoBowling.com Ford, Stenhouse said. First ten laps it would be super tight, then all of a sudden really loose. The right rear going flat late in the race was costly but we were still able to salvage a decent finish. We are testing Chicago this week to get ready for the playoffs in a few weeks.
In Ford and Roush Industries back yard, the two-time XFINITY champion started the 200-lap race in the 14th position where they maintained until late in stage one when the handling of GoBowling Ford turned to the tight condition. Stenhouse ultimately salvaged a 19th-place finish at the end of the stage.
With stage one and two going caution free, pit strategy became a factor. In hopes of a caution, crew chief Brian Pattie kept Stenhouse out on the track as long as possible before having to stop for fuel. Once the pit stops cycled through, the Olive Branch, Miss. native was scored in the 19th position when the green checkered waved to complete stage two.
With 21 laps remaining, Stenhouse was running in the fifth position when they had to bring their Ford to pit-road for a flat right rear tire under green flag conditions, costing them one lap to the leaders.
With a flurry of late-race cautions, the Roush Fenway Racing driver was able to get back on the lead lap and gain four positions in the closing laps to earn an 18th-place finish.
Next up for Stenhouse and the No. 17 team is the Bass Pro Shops NRA Night Race at Bristol Motor Speedway on Saturday, August 19. Race coverage begins at 7:30 p.m. ET on NBC. Coverage can also be heard on P­­RN and SIRIUS radio channel 90.
PaddockTalk Perspective
The actor will no longer play a part in the show's sixth and final season after being accused of sexual misconduct.
Spacey's character Frank Underwood has since been written out of the sixth and final season of the series. Production is underway, with the show now focused on Robin Wright's character Claire Underwood.
Parents John and Lisa Dombroski, center, stand with their sons John, left, and Kevin, right, during a press conference regarding their missing son and brother Mark, at the Hamilton Police Station in Hamilton, Bermuda, Monday, March 19, 2018. Mark Dombroski, 19, a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia, disappeared early Sunday after a night of socializing at the end of an international rugby tournament. The Royal Gazette via AP Blaire Simmons
The frustrating offseason continued for the New York Islanders late on Tuesday evening when news broke that the Carolina Hurricanes had signed defenceman and former Islander Calvin de Haan to a four-year contract, according to Luke DeCock.
Hurricanes have agreed to terms with free-agent defenseman Calvin de Haan, per source. Four years, $18.2 million. Left-shot D completes top two pairings. — Luke DeCock (@LukeDeCock) July 4, 2018
The deal is reportedly worth $18.2 million over the course of the four years and carries a cap hit and annual average value (AAV) of $4.55 million per season. Not only does it lock up the 27-year-old for the Hurricanes through the 2021-22 season, but it also solidifies the future for the young blueliner who is coming off a one-year deal with the Islanders in which they made $3.3 million.
De Haan Looking for Bounce Back
With the Islanders last season, de Haan collected just one goal and 12 points in 33 games – missing the final 49 due to injury. However, it's worth noting that while they were healthy they did earn themselves a plus-11 rating, but was sub-50 in Corsi-For Percentage at 49.1%.
Related: Tavares Signs With Maple Leafs
Prior to last season, de Haan did show how valuable they can be when healthy playing in all 82 games for the Islanders – the team that drafted them 12th overall back in 2009. Having played in every contest, it gave them the opportunity to have a career-year offensively with five goals, 20 assists and 25 points.
In parts of six seasons with New York, de Haan has collected 12 goals and 81 points in 304 regular season games. They also bring some playoff experience to Carolina with three assists in 16 postseason games with the Islanders.
Hurricanes Picking Up the Pieces
The signing of de Haan gives the Hurricanes yet another major defensive pick up this offseason following their acquisition of Dougie Hamilton in a five-player deal with the Calgary Flames. It also solidifies the team's left side on the blue line and gives them a good young core on the back end.
“Calvin is a solid, puck-moving defenceman who will bring a veteran presence to the blue line,” said Hurricanes' general manager Don Waddell to NHL.com. “He is a strong two-way player who is capable of shutting down opponents' top lines, and they will help solidify the left side and upgrade our defense.”
While the acquisition of de Haan gives the Hurricanes six defensemen signed to contracts for the upcoming season – five of whom are due $4.025 million or more – it does open up the possibility that the team could look to move Justin Faulk and their $4.83-million contract.
The contract also makes them the third blueliner the Hurricanes have locked up through the 2021-22 season – including Jaccob Slavin and Brett Pesce.
While the Islanders have been able to add veterans like Valtteri Filppula, Leo Komarov and Matt Martin over the last few days, the losses of John Tavares and de Haan will certainly be felt in New York this season.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Access Bio Inc :
* Says it signed a 5.82 billion won contract with PFSCM (Partnership for Supply Chain Management) to provide malaria RDT in Uganda
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/GmmcBs
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ROME (Reuters) - Italy's centre-left Democratic Party (PD) said on Tuesday it would be willing to hold coalition talks with the 5-Star Movement on condition the anti-establishment party breaks contact with the centre-right.
Democratic Party (PD) member Maurizio Martina speaks following a talk with Italian President Sergio Mattarella at the Quirinale palace in Rome, Italy, April 12, 2018. REUTERS/Max Rossi
Italy has been stuck in political limbo since inconclusive elections at the beginning of March, which saw a conservative alliance led by the League win the most seats and the 5-Star emerge as the largest single party.
Neither group came near to taking a parliamentary majority.
Preliminary contacts between the two about the possibility of working together have failed to make any headway, with the 5-Star only seeking a deal with the League and not its ally, former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia.
Increasingly annoyed by the prolonged impasse, President Sergio Mattarella has instructed the head of the lower house of parliament to seek another solution and see if the PD, which lost heavily in March, might agree to link up with 5-Star.
After meeting the lower house chief Roberto Fico, the PD's acting leader Maurizio Martina told reporters they would consider talks with 5-Star if “there is no longer any possibility of an agreement between the 5-Star, League and the centre-right”.
Martina has previously indicated that the PD should move into opposition after its election rout and the party is deeply split over its future direction.
“In a spirit of loyal cooperation, not hiding the differences and different starting points, also from a policy standpoint on essential issues, we vow to examine this possible course of work (with 5-Star) involving our leadership groups,” Martina said after their talks with Fico.
Since the vote, 5-Star head Luigi Di Maio has repeatedly reached out to League leader Matteo Salvini, but on Monday for the first time they appeared to give up on him.
“Let it not be said that I didn't try right up to the end, now good luck to them (Salvini),” Di Maio wrote on Facebook.
Every year students at Japan's Musashino Art University use leftover rice straw to make giant animal sculptures. Here are some of them, with a time-lapse video of making the straw lion
You can see the other animals here.
MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Australia's Sally Pearson will reward themselves with "volumes" of greasy food after winning their second 100 metres hurdles world championship but plans to keep themselves in top shape in the long-term for a tilt at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Pearson's brilliant win at the London Stadium on Saturday capped two years of injury heartbreak and made their Australia's most decorated track athlete of the modern era.
The 2012 London Olympic champion was denied a chance to defend their title last year at Rio due to a hamstring injury but hopes their body can stand up for Tokyo in 2020, when they would be just shy of their 34th birthday.
"Of course, you always think about Tokyo," the rejuvenated hurdler told state radio ABC.
"I've always wanted to go to three Olympics. Missing out on Rio was heartbreaking but obviously it was there for a reason.
"As I've said, I've got to look after my body. Definitely (running at) the Commonwealth Games next year. And who knows what will happen after that?
"Tokyo is only three years away ... I just have to listen to my body and be smart about it."
After missing out on Rio, Pearson coached their own way back to the top, reasoning that after multiple injury setbacks, no-one knew their body like they did.
They will cast off the unflinching self-discipline for a brief period to eat what they want before plotting a path to victory at next year's Commonwealth Games, where they will be the headline attraction near their home on the Gold Coast.
"Volumes of food .... I like to reward myself with greasy food," said Pearson, who won their first 100m hurdles world title at Daegu in 2011 and grabbed a silver at the Moscow championships two years later.
Also a silver medallist at the 2008 Beijing Games, Pearson's third individual world championship medal surpassed the record of iconic Aboriginal sprinter Cathy Freeman, who won back-to-back 400m titles in 1997-99 and clinched gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
A week after mourning the death of Betty Cuthbert, the only athlete to win 100, 200 and 400m Olympic golds, local media hailed Pearson as Australia's "latest golden girl".
"Cuthbert was the centre of a much cherished and glorious part of Australian sporting history," prominent local pundit Patrick Smith wrote in The Australian newspaper.
"That spirit lives on. It is indestructible. It lives on in Sally Pearson who sometimes has a fragility that is a decoy for the toughness that lines their body and soul."
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
DAKAR (Reuters) - Education is the sole response to the global rise of religious and political extremism, French President Emmanuel Macron told a conference in Senegal on Friday where they pledged 200 million euros ($248 million) to support an international education fund.
Macron was attending a financing conference of the Global Partnership for Education, which seeks to ensure access to classrooms for 870 million children in 65 developing countries.
“The risk of terrorism that we have lived through ... that convinces children that their future is war ... the risk of seeing actual human bombs continue to deploy in our societies, there's only one answer,” they said.
France has been a target of militant violence, including attacks in Paris in 2015 that killed more than 130 people, and is engaged in the fight against Islamist fighters in Africa.
It has deployed troops as part of a regional operation in West Africa's arid Sahel band. Paris is also supporting a new multinational force created by regional governments to take on Islamist groups, some of whom are linked to al Qaeda and Islamic State, operating in the area.
Several West African leaders were in the audience as Macron gave their speech on Friday.
Ensuring that children were able to attend school, Macron said, would combat fundamentalist movements, including those seeking to repress women and girls and remove them from public life.
However, they said France had work to do to improve education at home. “We have an education problem today when a fifth of children cannot write, read or count well when they arrive at the age of 12 years,” they said.
They said developed countries around the world were struggling with the fear created by vast societal changes brought on by technological advances and disruption.
“Without education, what is the response? Retreat. Hatred of others. A revival of nationalism and everything we have survived and thought we'd vanquished during the 20th century,” they said.
The Partnership is seeking $3.1 billion in financing to fund its activities over the coming three years.
There were some tense moments for a Kelowna business owner when a vacant home was destroyed by fire Saturday morning.
The blaze broke out at a June Springs Road property adjacent to the Myra Canyon Adventure Park.
“When we got here the whole thing was engulfed in flames,” said KFD platoon captain Steve Wallick.
With no chance of saving the building, firefighters made sure the flames didn't spread through the bush to the nearby business.
“That was my biggest fear, that it takes over and burns down my adventure park which is wood,” said park owner Rolf von Andrian. “It's the forest, if it burns down you can't rebuild it, it's done forever.”
The cause of the fire isn't known but it's considered suspicious.
“In this particular case, with nobody being in the structure and nobody around, obviously it's more suspicious than the average fire,” said RCMP Cpl. Scott Falkingham.
And Monday morning, the KFD attended to another blaze with suspicious circumstances on the Myra Forest Service road.
A tent-trailer at a roadside pullout was completely destroyed.
“It was really, really hot still but there was no fire,” when firefighters arrived said platoon captain Tim Light.
There wasn't anyone at the site.
“It had the stabilizer jacks out as if it had been deployed,” said Light. “And the poles that keep the tent part out were extended so that's what leads us to believe it was open and ready to be occupied.”
RCMP are trying to find the owner.
“They were looking for serial numbers on the frame,” said Light.
A MAN suffered serious burns during a house fire in Elland near Halifax area this morning.
They suffered 40 per cent burns and a woman suffered smoke inhalation during blaze in the attic of the house on Station Road, Holywell Green, Elland, just before 1am this morning.
West Yorkshire Fire Service said the blaze affected 50 per cent of the attic.
The man and the woman were taken to hospital by ambulance.
I was never a night owl growing up. I tried desperately from the age of 12 on to stay up late to watch Saturday Night Live, but inevitably, I'd fall asleep well before the opening sketch. But Sunday nights were different. I'd wait with the greatest anticipation – sit through Masterpiece Theatre – all to see the newest (for me at least) episode of Waiting for God. British television, well, really their humor, captivated me. And for some reason, one crotchety old woman and one forgetful man had me hooked. Of all the television I watched growing up in Carmichael, my memories of good TV really revolve around KVIE Public Television (I still prefer calling it Channel 6). As a very young child, my television was only public television. I grew up in a household that didn't have cable, so we had a grand total of 7 channels (that did increase as soon as Univision came to Channel 19 and on the rare occasion we could pick up the signal of some Christian television station in Chico). KVIE was a heavily used station in my house growing up.
It's not just that it was safe and educational, but it provided experiences and exposure to a world greater than Carmichael – and with it, a dynamic that strengthened our family bond. Though I still get frustrated when (now) David Lowe interrupts the best part of a show to ask me to pledge; it was during those special programs that my family would gather around the television and learn together, sing together, and hear family stories that the shows would trigger. In our household, if there was a Peter, Paul and Mary special on KVIE, no matter how many times they did a special, we watched it, taped it (so we could cut out the interruptions), and watched it over and over again. Even today, if I hear a Peter, Paul and Mary song, I flash back to those great moments of my family watching TV together and hearing about my parents' life and experiences and why they cared so much about this music. I still get weirdly excited and anxious with anticipation to hear “Puff the Magic Dragon.”
But it's those memories and experiences that KVIE and PBS provided that make it beyond special for me. In a word, KVIE is “constant.” Though I may not watch as much TV as I used to, what is so comforting about KVIE is that it's still there and I know what it provides. A lot of the programming that I grew up with, continues today. Now that I'm a father, KVIE is becoming a constant for my kids and family. Sometimes it's surreal to watch the same shows with your kids, but I've found so much joy in watching my kids have an experience that was impactful on my own life.
I learned to count and imagine through great kids programming, and I learned to explore and appreciate all types of arts through programming like Nature and American Experience. I learned to cook from Yan Can Cook and Julia Child and how to appreciate everything around me through Huell Howser and California's Gold. KVIE remains an important part of my life and I believe that it will be impactful for my children and their futures.
The problem with “constants” is that people take them for granted. I know I'm guilty of that as much as anyone else, but if “Channel 6” is going to remain an asset for our region, all of us – including me – need to rise to the occasion and show, not just our admiration, but full support for a channel that is always there for us. I owe a lot to KVIE Public Television, and “Thank You” doesn't begin to cut it.
Peter Tateishi
President & CEO
Sacramento Metro Chamber
Guest post: Peter Tateishi on the constancy of KVIE
The Saskatoon Blades will welcome back Markson Bechtold when they wrap up a seven-game homestand on Wednesday when the Everett Silvertips pay a rare visit to SaskTel Centre.
Bechtold is ready to return to the lineup after missing the last 18 games with a back injury.
READ MORE: Saskatoon Blades get McCarty and Dach back to relieve injury woes
The over-age forward was acquired from Spokane along with Evan Fiala before the Christmas break, but was hurt in their third game with the Blades.
Prior to the trade Bechtold had spent their entire career with the Chiefs so he's faced the Silvertips many times before.
The Blades the biggest challenge will be finding a way to beat Everett goalie Carter Hart, who has eight shutouts this season.
“We got a lot of snipers in here and they might watch Global so I can't say any secrets on them but we're going to try to put a few past them tomorrow,” Bechtold said.
READ MORE: Saskatoon Blades waiting for word on status of Jake Kustra
Blades head coach Dean Brockman said they just need to get the puck towards the net and then see what happens.
“We've seen some things that maybe we can score on and just hopefully get a little bit of bounces or a few breaks,” Brockman said.
“Hopefully we can score first and get them on the heels and get them off their game.”
The Blades are currently two points up on the Calgary Hitmen for the final wildcard playoff spot in the Western Hockey League's Eastern Conference with one game in hand.
Pharrell is trying to double down on the success of their Despicable Me 2 soundtrack hit “Happy” by contributing multiple originals to its sequel, Despicable Me 3. We've already heard “Yellow Light,” and today a new one called “There's Something Special” has been released. You can hear it below.
Despite an extreme cold warning on Saturday afternoon, more than two dozen snowboarders rode through Diefenbaker Park in support of the Optimist Hill campaign.
“We're going to have an amazing facility for people to come and enjoy the winter activities Saskatoon has to offer,” said Joe Van't Hof, co-chair of the campaign.
READ MORE: Optimist Hill campaign finalist in Kraft-Heinz Project Play competition
The Optimist Hill campaign aims to build a recreational space in Diefenbaker Park for both winter and summer use.
“It's going to be a dream come true to finally see this whole hill up and running. On a day when it's minus 35 and we got this many people out riding and skiing, it just shows how much support there is for a project like this,” said snowboarder Nathan Thoen.
The first phase will “build the hill,” dividing it into four sections: a tubing area, a ski and snowboard hill, a terrain park and a toboggan area, serviced by lift systems.
The second phase will add a chalet. The total price tag for the project is expected to be upwards of $7 million, all of it funded through the community.
“We're hoping to start close to the end of April, early May when the frost and thaw comes out, and we can start manipulating the hill the way we need to,” Van't Hof said.
“You get that effect of a bigger hill by digging out the bottom and adding to the top. It doesn't force us to build the hill up the entire 30 feet. We're only doing 15 feet at the top and 15 feet at the bottom,” said Ryan Rogal, the campaign's project manager.
On Friday, the Meewasin Valley Authority approved the project with conditions.
“It will make it more accessible to have it right here in the city. It'll mean anyone — it doesn't matter what kind of financial background you're coming from, if you don't have parents to drive you — you can come right here,” Thoen said.
READ MORE: McMorris brothers work to make sports accessible to all youth
The organizers of the campaign said they hope to complete the first phase by December.
“We've got Prince Albert, North Battleford, Regina — they all have their own little ski hills,” Thoen said. “I think it's about time Saskatoon gets on board and starts making winters fun.”
One of the lasting images of the 2016 University of Hawaii football season is that of Head Coach Nick Rolovich hoisting the Hawaii Bowl Championship trophy into the Halawa sky, serving as a giant first step in the former quarterback's mission to defend the place they call “Pride Rock”.
That image however, could not have taken place if not for a win over Umass in the final game of the regular season, where then redshirt first-year student Roe Farris defended a fourth-down heave into the endzone to clinch the victory and send the Rainbow Warriors to the postseason.
“that play was big for me, but I was ready. When the play came I just had to make it. So when it came I just made the play and did my job” said Farris.
Rolovich added “It wasn't so much putting them in that situation it's that they delivered in that situation, and just one fourth down pass break up did so much for their confidence within the team. You know, there's some trust now that Roe has done it for us before.”
Fast-forward eight months and the Florida native Farris has solidified themselves as a first-team corner delivering as training camp standout who appears to welcome the pressure that comes with defending on the island.
“Personally I take all the pride in having the confidence in myself that when I am matched up one on an island I got to be able to do my job, but at the same time I know that the guys next to me, I trust them to do their job too. So now we gotta come out and really let these teams know that it's about business now. We're not here to play. Last year wasn't a fluke so we just everyday come out here and work” said Farris.
Less than two weeks away from kickoff to their season opener against the same UMass team that Farris enjoyed the biggest moment of their young collegiate career, KHON2 Sports Director Rob DeMello asked if they think the Minutemen will remember Farris' number come time for the rematch.
Farris replied with a chuckle, saying “I'm pretty sure they'll probably remember me. They're probably like man, I hate that guy because I know they wanted a flag and ‘ain't no flag around here man. That was great defense to me, so I know they're probably going to come out and try me, so I'm going to come with it though. We're going to be ready.”
The Rainbow Warriors and Minutemen will open the 2017 season on Saturday, August 26th at 12pm HST in Amherst, Massachusetts. The Game will be televised free on Spectrum HD channel 1257.
LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 12:26 pm |
An explosion damaged a UPS freight hub Wednesday morning in Kentucky's second-largest city, sending multiple people to the hospital in what fire officials described as an accidental blast.
Lexington Battalion Chief Jason Wells said a truck and trailer with an acetylene tank exploded in the building, news outlets reported. The cause of the explosion was not yet known, but the blast wasn't suspicious.
“Nothing leads us to believe this is anything other than an accidental explosion,” the fire department tweeted.
The building on Blue Sky Parkway sustained significant damage, which was visible in the back of the building. The facility had been evacuated and everyone was accounted for, fire officials said.
Eight people received medical attention following the blast, Wells said. Two people taken to the hospital suffered from burns and possible concussions, and six others in the vicinity of the explosion were taken to the hospital for observation as a precaution, Wells said. Fire officials initially said about a dozen people received medical attention.
Lexington fire department spokesperson Jessica Bowman said the building's structural stability was being checked as part of an effort to determine what happened and how.
Businesses near the site reported a loud explosion shortly before 8 a.m. EDT. Emergency crews rushed to the scene and restricted access to the area.
The blast was felt inside other buildings.
Sports Reporter
Karachi
A launching ceremony of the 1st K-Electric Girls' Football League was held at the KPT Sports Complex in Karachi. The initiative makes K-Electric the first corporate entity in the country to organize an exclusive female football tournament.
Col (Retd) Younas Changaizi, International footballer and Ex-Minister Sports Baluchistan graced the ceremony as the Chief Guest, along with senior officials of KE, sports stars and media persons. The Chief Guest appreciated KE's role in encouraging women's participation in football, boxing and other popular sports at the grassroots level and said, “These girls have developed good techniques and all they need now is support and guidance to excel on an international level. I would urge other organizations to come forward and nurture the talents of these promising players.”
The tournament is being organized by KE in collaboration with Naseem Hameed Football Academy. Naseem Hameed is a Pakistani track and field athlete, who got the title of “The Fastest Woman in South Asia”, when they won a gold medal in the 100 meters race at the South-Asian Games -2010, held in Dhaka.
Naseem Hameed said, “It is heartening to see that a leading corporate organization realizes the great potential of female football enthusiasts in Pakistan and it has launched such a resourceful initiative to prepare young girls for international competitiveness.” The tournament kicked off with an exhibition match dedicated to (Late) Shahlyla Baloch – the young Pakistani forward who passed away in an unfortunate car accident. There are eight teams participating in the contest, from different areas of Karachi..
Axed finance minister Pravin Gordhan has labelled the allegations about them being the mastermind behind Jacques Pauw's The President's Keepers as "pre-conference conspiracies".
The allegations were contained in a front-page article of the Sunday Independent newspaper yesterday.
It claimed Gordhan had led a team that approached the investigative journalist with "tons of information" for their book.
Gordhan told Sowetan yesterday they had "absolutely nothing" to do with Pauw's book and described the allegations as "manufactured", just days before the ANC's elective conference at Nasrec, Johannesburg on the 16th.
"These are lies aimed at discrediting certain individuals and to defend state capture and looting," they said.
Gordhan said the allegations were designed to make "those responsible for state capture have some sort of defence and to do what they've been doing after the [ANC elective] conference," they said.
The article said Gordhan was "pushing" for deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa to replace president Jacob Zuma.
Pauw said the allegations were "untrue and malicious".
The article claimed Gordhan, former South African Revenue Services executives Ivan Pillay and Johann van Loggerenberg, were among the people who met Pauw ahead of the publication of their book.
Pauw said: "It is truly bizarre to claim that people like Pravin Gordhan have used me to write a book in order to influence the outcome of the ANC conference.
"I have never met Mr Pillay and have never spoken to them in my life. I have never met Mr Gordhan prior to the publishing of the book."
PALLEKELE (AFP) – Fast bowlers Mohammed Shami and Hardik Pandya blew away Sri Lanka's top-order to leave the hosts tottering at 61-4 at tea in reply to India's 487 on day two of the final Test on Sunday. Skipper Dinesh Chandimal on 13 and wicketkeeper-batsman Niroshan Dickwella on 14 were at the.... TheFrontierPost-en 7:52:00 AM CEST
The search continues for a police impersonator following a bogus traffic stop in Montgomery that led to a sexual assault.
Now, law enforcement officials are speaking out with some key tips for drivers.
Montgomery County Sheriff Derrick Cunningham drives an unmarked white SUV, equipped with the police package with lights and sirens, like many top brass and investigators. It was upsetting for the sheriff to hear that someone pretended to be a police officer in their county and hurt someone in the process.
On Tuesday, Oct. 4, at about 7 p.m., Montgomery police responded to Interstate 65 near Edgemont Avenue in reference to a non-police vehicle that had conducted a traffic stop that resulted in a sexual assault.
The vehicle was described as a dark-colored sedan resembling a Ford Crown Victoria, equipped with a blue flashing light.
The sheriff advised on what you should do if you're being pulled over by a plain car and don't feel safe.
“Once you turn on your hazards and you reduce your speed and you're still driving under the speed limit and stopping at stop signs and traffic lights, that officer will understand that you're trying to go somewhere where you feel it's safe,” the sheriff explained. “It won't alarm those officers. They'll understand.”
Tony Garrett director of Central Alabama CrimeStoppers says stay on the main thoroughfare. Don't turn into any unfamiliar neighborhoods or side streets.
“Find a well lit, populated area. If it's a well lit area but no one is there, that's not going to do you any good. Like a busy convenience store, fire station, shopping center, somewhere where people can see you,” they explained.
Observe the person getting out of the car and check out their car. Marked patrol cars are highly identifiable. If it's unmarked, you may want to consider dialing 911 and getting on the phone with a dispatcher to tell them what's going on.
“They'll send out an alert and they'll ask and see if any of their units have pulled over anyone so then you would have that confirmation from dispatch,” Garrett said. “If you're in a rural community, you might have to drive for a while before you get to a well populated area, but if you're on the phone with 911, they'll relay what you need to do. If it's not a police officer, they'll send a unit you're way.”
“At least the dispatch will be able to say if it's one of their vehicles or another agency. At least you're letting someone know you're not trying to elude. You're just scared,” Sheriff Cunningham added.
MPD has not provided a description of the suspect in this case.
If you see a vehicle matching the description provided by the department, call 911. If you have information about the car, call CrimeStoppers at 215-STOP, the Secret Witness at 625-4000, or the Montgomery Police Department at 625-2831.
“It really upsets law enforcement and hopefully the community as a whole is upset about it and that helps us because they're our eyes and ears. Hopefully, they'll report it if they see someone driving around in vehicle with blue lights on horse playing or whatever it maybe, call us. We want to know,” Sheriff Cunningham stated.
“One of the things you'll probably find with these people impersonating officers, they won't bump a siren. They'll just turn on blue lights. A law enforcement officer is going to have sirens to go along with the blue lights,” they added.
Copyright 2017 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
SPOILER ALERT: Do not read until you've watched the series finale of “The Americans.”
From the beginning, “The Americans” was a show about two people trying to pull off a balancing act at a precarious time in history — playing at being a typical suburban family while maintaining a complicated loyalty to the USSR. In the show's final episode, the ruse fell apart — and, in a twist, Mother Russia won out over real-life family ties. Philip and Elizabeth Jennings managed to survive the episode by fleeing back home to a Russia they barely recognize, in the process abandoning their son and getting abandoned by their daughter. That they survived a show that seemed set on killing them surely surprised many fans; that the final moments we share with them is spent in grim contemplation of a life of isolation and regret was, in the end, no surprise at all.
In the run-up to this episode, the walls had seemed to be closing in on the Jennings, as Stan Beeman had moved from suspicion to near-certainty that their neighbors were subverting the state, and Elizabeth had definitively broken with the Centre that had given them and their husband orders for the show's entire run. With their most concrete existential threat to date and no one left to give them orders, Philip and Elizabeth were, suddenly, entirely improvising. A debate early in the episode about what is to be done with Henry — ”His future is here,” says Philip — sets the tone. For seasons, the show's spies have existed in the uneasy understanding that tough conversations would happen someday, and have pushed them off. They'd finally arrived.
More Reviews Film Review: 'Be Natural: The Untold Story of Alice Guy-Blaché'
Henry was hardly a pivotal character, but their abandonment represents the show's mercilessness with Philip and Elizabeth. It's almost certainly the “right” decision to have left Henry in the only place he's ever known as home rather than escaping with them to the Soviet Union, but, in making it, both parents show off their character defects — Philip's lack of courage masquerading as a sort of pragmatic humanism, Elizabeth's grim determination even to plans they don't quite understand. (“We cannot take him!” Elizabeth practically spits at daughter Paige, later, having fully committed to a plan she'd rejected at first.) That we can be quite this engaged with characters this challenging is part of “The Americans'” genius.
Part of why we root for them is because their problematic qualities make them so marvelously good at their jobs — “The Americans” was perhaps the most developed yet version of the TV trope of the antihero whose failings fuel their or their genius, in part because it had two antiheroes whose flaws and whose gifts complement each other. Watching Philip and Elizabeth operate together on Stan as they corner them in a parking garage feels like a parting gift from the show, a last glimpse at two virtuosos working in harmony. “It's all over,” Stan intones, with gun pulled — but it isn't, as the two spies manage to prey on Stan's weaknesses and insecurities in order to escape with their lives.
That outcome is deeply in doubt throughout, though; a show in which the mission takes importance over all else is one in which to Philip, even Elizabeth might have been expendable. (The reverse seems yet more true.) In the end, though, Philip and Elizabeth were loyal to one another above all else; the cyanide capsule that had haunted the season, dangling around Elizabeth's neck and over all of the characters' heads, was casually discarded, a stroke of particularly sharp storytelling. Elizabeth, once willing even to die in service of their country, had lost that animating passion; whatever their life would be like after their mission in America had ended, they wanted to live.
Viewers had long sensed, though, that something huge was stalking the family; this story couldn't end well. And in the end it wasn't death but family fracturing that provided the show's last huge twist, as Paige, the daughter who'd known their parents were spies and who'd begun to pitch in on tradecraft, ultimately jumped ship, sneaking off the train their family was taking to Canada just before the border. Them engagement with the cause had always been, unlike their parents, a utopian one; Philip resented the mission and Elizabeth threw themselves into it, but for both of them, it was a job. For Paige, whose passion for social justice their parents knew how to flatter, it was an opportunity to make the world a bit better. But a world in which their brother could be ditched at boarding school while their parents fled to Russia wasn't a better one. Neither was one in which their goodbye to their parents would be communicated in a silent look from a train platform, but it would have to do.
As much as any other show since, say, “Breaking Bad,” “The Americans” needed to stick its landing, and it did so with a brio that cements it as among the defining shows of this decade. The show was racing against a ticking clock of history that ended with the dissolution of the Soviet Union; we knew the Jennings' mission would end, and not in triumph. Their act grew harder to carry off each season, and, among fans, wondering quite how it would ultimately fall apart was a parlor game of sorts. That the show kept both spies alive felt true to what we knew of their abilities and their commitment to one another. That their staying alive ultimately estranged them from their children provided a painful, beautiful moment of character study, as both simply try to endure. They've never been good at talking about their feelings; they're not American, and it's not how they were raised. And so in the show's final moments, they stare onto a landscape they haven't known for decades and vow to just keep on going. “We'll get used to it,” Elizabeth intones, in Russian.
The final season of “The Americans” featured series-best acting by its two leads (both of whom should find themselves among the frontrunners come Emmy time) and a renewed sense of purpose; while Season 5 had been better than most else on the air and a necessary seeding of certain plot elements, its slow motion sapped a bit of the show's momentum. By contrast, the final season literalized the show's race against time, zooming through story with increasing danger and anguish. Neither Philip nor Elizabeth seemed to recognize themselves in the final season; the demands of their work had made their front as an American family untenably uncomfortable. It was easier to be Americans than to be spies; in the end, they were forced to choose the latter, and left behind their children as just another element of a now-discarded alias. Finally stripped of those covers and free to be themselves, they don't know where to begin. They stand together, but oddly apart, staring out on a city that, to them, seems at once foreign and home.
Feizy Partners With Technology Provider, MicroD, on a Rug Visualization Tool to Enhance Dealer Websites And Engage Online Shoppers
DALLAS, TX — Long-time rug designer, manufacturer, and leader in the home furnishings industry, Feizy, has partnered with online solutions leader, MicroD LLC, on a new digital merchandising program for dealers. The integration of the “Accessorize” catalog component paired with the “Build Your Brand” manufacturer landing page, is aimed at promoting corporate and retail brands, while enhancing the online buying experience for shoppers.
Available on the OmniVue website platform by MicroD, the Feizy Catalog Program is a merchandising tool that gives dealers the ability to showcase all Feizy catalog items online without increasing in-store inventory. Dealers that join the program will have access to a dedicated brand landing page to highlight Feizy products and tell their craftsmanship story. Using the “Accessorize” feature, online shoppers can then select a Feizy rug and virtually place it beneath a furniture piece to visualize and coordinate with their other items before purchasing.
“Feizy is known for their quality craftsmanship and high-end designs and their rugs require the best solution to represent their brand,” stated Richard Sexton, Chief Product Officer at MicroD. “MicroD is uniquely qualified to move Feizy into the online marketplace with our partnership. Our robust platform and visualization capabilities will allow their dealers to showcase these beautiful rugs in the best manner possible on the digital landscape.”
By integrating the Feizy catalog with the OmniVue platform, MicroD provides consumers and retailers with a fully responsive website that is optimized and easy to navigate on all devices. Users experience consistent catalog data, beautiful images, interactive room planning and visualization tools, and expert development to maximize for search engine results. With the launch of their 3D elements, MicroD continues to push the shopping experiences into the virtual realm through 3D room planning, 360 degree product views, product configuration, augmented reality, and virtual reality.
“Feizy is excited to collaborate with MicroD on this program and we are looking forward to the benefits it will bring to our dealers,” commented Michael Ackelbein, Sr., Vice President of Global Sales at Feizy. “We want to get our products in front of digital shoppers and our dealers are the best channels to do so. By combining the Feizy online product catalog with MicroD's OmniVue website platform we are able to bring added value to our dealers and their customers.”
For more information, visit feizy.com.
By Mark White
For the second time in four days, a Whitley County Sheriff's Department police cruiser has been involved in an accident.
Google is adding a small but useful feature to Google Calendar. Starting today, when you change or delete an event, a dialog box now pops up that allows you to attach a short message to the event to explain why you are making the change and what's changing.
Here is how this new feature will work: When you make a change, a dialog box will pop up and allow you to enter a message for your guests. On the event page in Google Calendar itself — and in the email that alerts your guests of the change — that message will then appear at the top of the event details section.
I'm guessing that at least half of the calendar invites I get change a few times before I actually get on the call. It's generally unclear what has changed, though. The new dialog box appears automatically, so far more people will now explain their changes than before.
It's nothing fancy and it's actually a surprise that Google hasn't done this before, but chances are that people will be using it all day long.
This new feature is now rolling out to all G Suite users and should be available to everybody (no matter whether their admins have them on the rapid release or schedule release schedule) within the next three days.
Drake had warned Nicki Minaj about Meek Mill immaturity and suggested they dump him.
A source told Hollywood Life that Nicki is mad at themselves for not listening to Drake.
Stating that “Meek Mill really is a tired, immature little boy. Nicki's kicking their own ass right now for not listening to Drake when they told them to take out the trash years ago.”
To show the lack of maturity Meek Mill has they went to a and said that they were single and “F these b****".
Nicki would have “saved themselves a lot. But they learned from this. They know she's ready to be a mother! All they did was take care of Meek in every way, including their rap career.”
Salim Ahmed
Chief Secretary Punjab Capt(R) Zahid Saeed presided over a meeting to review the arrangements for cash awarding ceremony to the best health professionals of Primary & Secondary Health at the Committee Room of Punjab Assembly, today. Minister Specialized Healthcare & Medical Education Khawaja Salman Rafiq, Provincial Minister Primary & Secondary Health Khawaja Imran Nazir, Secretary Health Ali Jan Khan, Special Secretary Health Dr. Sajid Chohan, Commissioner Lahore Division Abdullah Khan Sumbal, DG Protocol Noorul Hassan, senior officers of Police Department, SMU, Chief Minister Secretariat and officers from the concerned department attended the meeting.
Secretary Health Ali Jan Khan briefed the meeting regarding the holding of cash award distribution ceremony to the best performers of Health Department.
They informed that health professionals including doctors, surgeons, nurses, vaccinators, LHWs, LHVs, Allied health professionals working in DHQ, THQ hospitals, RHCs, BHUs and other health facilities would be awarded cash prizes on the basis of best performance by the Chief Minister Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif in a splendid ceremony.
They informed that different selection committees were constituted at district, divisional and provincial level to consider the names of health professionals on the basis of the best performance according to the key performance indicators (KPIs) in a transparent way.
Chief Secretary issued necessary instructions to finalize the arrangements of the ceremony which would be held within this month.
Long-faded heavyweights Shannon Briggs and Fres Oquendo, both about a decade past their best days yet still mandated to meet for the WBA's vacant secondary world title, don't seem to be able to find any takers.
When the sides could not make a deal for the bout, a purse bid was held on Monday at WBA headquarters in Panama City, Panama. One bidder showed up, Henry Rivalta of Briggs promoter The Heavyweight Factory, and their bid was not valid. So a second purse bid was scheduled for Feb. 23. Shannon Briggs will meet Fres Oquendo if a second purse bid proves successful. Alex Menendez/Getty Images
Oquendo co-promoters Square Ring and Bobby Hitz did not bid and Rivalta's offer of $400,000 was invalidated because it was far below the $1 million minimum set by the organization for a heavyweight title fight. The fighters would split the winning bid 50-50, but it's a fight that has stoked virtually no interest. No TV network wants to put it on and fan interest is essentially nonexistent, making it difficult to attract a promoter willing to bid anything near the minimum required.
England's Anthony Joshua, who holds another organization's world title, and former long-reigning world champion Wladimir Klitschko are scheduled to meet on April 29 -- a British boxing record crowd of 90,000 will be on hand at sold-out Wembley Stadium in London -- for Joshua's belt as well as the WBA's so-called "super" title. Most view Joshua-Klitschko as a far more legitimate title fight than a Briggs-Oquendo bout for the secondary belt.
Briggs, a former two-time world titleholder from Brooklyn, New York, and Oquendo, of Chicago, were ordered to begin negotiating the bout on Jan. 2, and when they could not make a deal the purse bid was ordered. Their camps could still make a deal before Feb. 23 for any purse total they can agree on, which would force the second purse bid to be canceled.
If they don't make a deal and a second purse bid takes place and nobody bids, or if there is another invalid offer, Briggs and Oquendo could be stripped of their positions to fight for the vacant belt, according to the WBA's rules.
Briggs (60-6-1, 53 KOs), 45, and Oquendo (37-8, 24 KOs), 43, are due to meet for the belt that became vacant because after Lucas Browne scored a comeback 10th-round knockout of Ruslan Chagaev to win it last March, Browne tested positive for a banned substance and was stripped of the title, which was given back to Chagaev. However, Chagaev was later stripped for their failure to pay delinquent sanctioning fees to the WBA.
Australia's Browne (24-0, 21 KOs) was then due to fight Briggs for the vacant belt on Dec. 31, but the fight was canceled after Browne failed a second random drug test in eight months.  They are under suspension from participating in any WBA-sanctioned fight, according to the organization.
So Briggs was ordered to face Oquendo, who has been out of action since a majority decision loss to Chagaev for the vacant belt in July 2014. Oquendo is in the picture only because of what happened after their loss to Chagaev.
Oquendo had a rematch clause in the contract, but Chagaev's team attempted to set up another title defense first. Oquendo sued Chagaev in the United States federal court to force the rematch and won an injunction to stop Chagaev from defending the belt against anyone else. But Oquendo has been idle since because of a shoulder injury that required surgery in November 2015. Now that Oquendo is clear to fight again, the WBA still owes them a title bout based on the court ruling.
Briggs last fought for a title in 2010 and absorbed a frightening beating at the hands of Vitali Klitschko, who so severely punished them in a shutout decision that Briggs wound up in a German hospital for about two weeks. A four-year retirement followed, but Briggs returned in mid-2014 and has won nine fights in a row, although all have come against low-level opposition.
Clydesdale Bank has been confirmed as main sponsor of Scotland's biennial national beef event which is set to attract thousands of beef farmers from all over the country to the Borders in June.
Scotland's Beef Event 2017 is being hosted by Douglas and Kelda Stewart, and their family, at Fans, Earlston, Berwickshire, on Thursday, June 8, and is being organised by a local committee under the chairpersonship of Sion Williams, farm manager at Bowhill Estate, on behalf of the Scottish Beef Association.
David Hannon, Clydesdale Bank area manager agri and commercial for South Scotland and North Cumbria
Adopting the theme “Beef Up Your Profits”, the focus of the one-day event will be on technical efficiency to help beef producers ensure the long-term sustainability of their businesses.
“We are delighted to have Clydesdale Bank as main sponsor for what is the leading event for the beef industry in Scotland,” said Mr Williams. “The bank has always been a key player in Scottish agriculture and continues to give the industry strong support in these uncertain times.”
SBA chairperson, Neil McCorkindale, welcomed the bank's sponsorship which would enable the association to mount a first-class event for the beef industry in Scotland.
“The support of the Clydesdale Bank as main sponsor is very much appreciated and the local organising committee in the Borders must be congratulated on securing the support of the bank and other sponsors,” said Mr McCorkindale. “We are extremely fortunate to have such an excellent venue as Fans and the enthusiastic participation of the Stewart family as host farmers.”
We are delighted to again be supporting this important biennial event, having experienced the technical and professional excellence of the 2015 programme and having already seen the quality of producer and business involvement lined up for 2017. David Hannon, Clydesdale Bank area manager agri and commercial for South Scotland and North Cumbria
Clydesdale Bank area manager agri and commercial for South Scotland and North Cumbria, David Hannon, said Scotland's Beef Event 2017, was a truly major event for the beef industry and they urged all beef producers to make every effort to attend.
“We are delighted to again be supporting this important biennial event, having experienced the technical and professional excellence of the 2015 programme and having already seen the quality of producer and business involvement lined up for 2017,” said Mr Hannon.
“As the beef industry approaches the UK and EU changes of the next few years, it is vital that producers focus on the parts of their business which they can influence personally, whatever political and economic decisions are taken. That will include sourcing the best breeding stock, implementing efficient production and marketing systems and maintaining close awareness of consumer requirements.
“Clydesdale Bank believes Scotland's Beef Event 2017 will make an enormous contribution to farm business knowledge and enterprise, with the host farm being a prime example of the degree of excellence which we also see being followed by our most successful farming customers.”
Additional sponsors confirmed so far include Scotbeef, Quality Meat Scotland, Almins, DLF Seeds and Science, Aberdeen-Angus Cattle Society and Scottish Borders Council.
Fans is a tenanted farm on the Mellerstain Estate and base for an extensive beef and arable enterprise extending to 2000 acres and including a commercial suckler herd of 400 Aberdeen-Angus cows crossed with Aberdeen-Angus bulls and all progeny finished on the farm.
“The beef enterprise is an excellent example of an integrated mixed farming business based on home-grown feeding and the utilisation of farmyard manure for the growing of cereals and potatoes,” said Mr Williams. “The high standard of technical efficiency being achieved in producing a high quality beef product, in terms of health, fertility, animal performance, output and meeting market requirements, makes Fans the ideal venue for this year's Scottish beef event.”
Other features of the day will include a farm tour, trade stands, breed society exhibits, demonstrations, grassland management and seminar. The event will be opened by the Scottish Government's Cabinet Secretary for Rural Economy and Connectivity, Fergus Ewing.
Full details of sponsorship and trade stand opportunities available from the event organiser, Ms Natalie Cormack, Dairy Cottage, Tower Road, Ayton, Berwickshire, TD14 5QX. Tel: 01890 781 006. Mob: 07712 623669. E-mail: natalie.cormack@btconnect.com
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. oil rose for a third day on Friday after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude was up 32 cents, or 0.5 percent, at $66.12 a barrel by 0108 GMT.
Brent futures, the global benchmark, were up 19 cents, or 0.3 percent, at $69.84 a barrel.
OPEC oil production rose January from an eight-month low as higher output from Nigeria and Saudi Arabia offset a further decline in Venezuela and strong compliance with a supply reduction pact, a Reuters survey showed.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) pumped 32.4 million barrels per day (bpd) in January, the survey found, up 100,000 bpd from December. Last month's total was revised down by 110,000 bpd to the lowest since April 2017.
Even so, adherence by producers included in the deal to curb supply rose to 138 percent from 137 percent in December, the survey found, suggesting commitment is not wavering even as oil prices hit their highest level since 2014.
“It underscores the commitment of the cartel, and their Russian partners, to keep a floor under the oil price,” said Greg McKenna, chief market strategist at futures brokerage AxiTrader.
That is drawing investors' focus away from the rise in U.S. production.
U.S. crude output surpassed 10 million bpd in November for the first time since 1970, the Energy Information Administration said this week. (Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Sentencing arguments for a world-renowned Alberta ski resort that admitted to cutting down a stand of endangered trees have been delayed for seven months.
The Lake Louise resort in Banff National Park pleaded guilty last week to two charges — one under the Species At Risk Act and the other under the Canada National Parks Act.
READ MORE: Lake Louise ski resort pleads guilty to cutting down endangered trees
The resort had been charged after it came to light in 2013 that employees had cut down some trees along a ski run.
Lawyers spent hours in court Monday trying to find a date for sentencing arguments, which are to hear from expert witnesses about the number of trees cut and the environmental impact.
READ MORE: Lake Louise Ski Area in court over endangered species charges
The earliest date everyone is available isn't until July.
Judge Heather Lamoureux expressed frustration, but said a lack of court resources made it impossible to speed things up.
A suicide car bomb blew up on Wednesday in Sadr City, a heavily populated poor Shi'ite suburb of Baghdad, killing at least 15 and wounding 50, security sources said.
This is a developing story.
0
The Fate of the Furious is the first film in a new trilogy. It is known. Franchise star Vin Diesel and long-time writer Chris Morgan have been trotting out that exact verbiage in interviews over the last few weeks, making it clear that the events of Fate will pay off in the ninth and tenth films. So now that we've all had a chance to see the movie (at least judging by those box office returns), let's take a look at the end of Fate and what it sets up for the Furious films to come.
Spoilers for Fate of the Furious below, obvi.
Fate of the Furious is the first franchise installment after the tragic and untimely death of Paul Walker, who spent a decade playing Brian O'Connor; the swoonworthy heart and moral compass of the franchise who traded in their badge for a life among the outlaws. Without the core of Brian's story, their b/romance with the Toretto siblings, and the corresponding real-life chemistry between Walker and Diesel, Fate staged an inversion of the franchise format by making Dom Toretto, the Furious paterfamilias, turn against their own family to as an aide to the Charlize Theron‘s cyberterrorist, Cipher.
If you need a quick refresher, Cipher finds Dom in Cuba on their honeymoon with Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) where they coerce them to betray their beloved family in order to save a son they didn't know they had. Turns out Elena (Elsa Pataky) got pregnant sometime between Fast Five and Furious 6, but they realized it just as Dom learned Letty was still alive, so they kept the news to themselves with a plan to tell them after they got back from their honeymoon. And so we meet the little chubby-cheeked Toretto without a name, which is a super soapy narrative move, but also one of the only justifications that would sell Dom's turn against their family.
In the process, we also learn that Cipher is the ultimate big bad of the franchise. Not just because she's deadly cold – Cipher has Elena shot in the head just because Dom wasn't willing to put down their own wife – she's also a sort of Thanos to the Fast and Furious world. Turns out Cipher has been pulling the strings all along. They employ multiple terrorists, including Furious 7‘s Jakande (Djimon Hounsou), the mercenary who kidnapped Ramsey for the God's Eye, and Owen Shaw (Luke Evans), the Furious 6 baddie who pitted the amnesiac Letty against their family in an attempt to sell a deadly tech device to the highest bidder. The fact that Owen Shaw was on Cipher's payroll is important for a couple reasons. One, they were the boss of Braga (John Ortiz), the drug lord who set Letty's execution in Fast & Furious. But more importantly, it was Owen's defeat in Furious 6 that drew the attention of their bigger, badder brother Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham), the assassin who terrorized the family in Furious 7.
Here's where Fate of the Furious runs into a narrative snag that has some fans… well, furious. If you recall, Owen was left in critical condition after Furious 6‘s infamous neverending tarmac battle, leading their seriously pissed off ex-special forces brother to the family's doorstep, where they tried to kill them all. Which is where things get tricky, because Fate of the Furious pulls some serious retconning and audience manipulation to make Deckard a new member of the family just one film later.
Fate softens up the Shaw boys a bit by introducing us to their mother (Helen Mirren), who Dom contacts while he's under Cipher's thumb with a deal – if their sons rescue their baby, Dom will let the Shaw boys go free and, in the process, give them at shot at getting revenge the woman who tore the Shaw family apart. See, it turns out Cipher tried to recruit Deckard first, and when they said no, they went after their little brother. It also turns out that Deckard was an awarded British military hero before their government turned on him, labeling them a terrorist (something along the lines of what happens to Dwayne Johnson‘s Hobbs at the beginning of Fate). Deckard fakes their own death with a little help from Fast Five‘s Leo (Tego Calderon) and Santos (Don Omar), tracks Cipher's plane via Dom's familiar cross necklace, and rocketeers onboard with Owen in tow, where the duo take out their men and rescue the baby. They get their hero moment (though Cipher escapes), Statham gets the best set-piece in the movie, and after striking up a broship with Hobbs, it seems Deckard gets a spot at the family table. Maybe one of the spots where Han and Gisele used to sit.
The Caribbean Community (CARICOM) and the Republic of Korea earlier today formalised a decade-old friendship with the accreditation of the first non-permanent Plenipotentiary Representative of the East Asian country to CARICOM.
Deputy Secretary-General of CARICOM, Ambassador Manorma Soeknandan accepted the Letter of Credence from H.E. Mr. Ki-Mo Lim in a simple ceremony at the Headquarters of the CARICOM Secretariat on Tuesday 13 June, 2017.
They said CARICOM welcomed and celebrated this formal step towards a more institutionalised partnership and enduring relationship with Korea.
Underscoring the value of longstanding relations at a time when the international community was increasingly uncertain and unpredictable, they said CARICOM looked to like-minded countries, like Korea, and to multilateral, regional and international organizations for support in protecting its interests.
In this context, they said CARICOM faced considerable challenges in accessing concessional financing due to graduation as a result of the use of per-capita income as the sole criteria for measuring development.
Noting that the increasing vulnerability to climate events remained the single biggest threat to Small Island and Low-Lying Coastal Developing States (SIDs) like those of CARICOM, the Deputy Secretary-General told Mr Lim that the Community was heartened by South Korea's recent affirmation of its continued commitment to addressing the threat of climate change and its continued support for the Paris Climate Change Agreement.
Given that the Region was the most prone to natural disasters and for the Community, climate change was an existential threat, the Paris Agreement they stated “encompassed the hope of our generations for an enduring existence.”
CARICOM and Korea held their first Consultation and Cooperation Mechanism Meeting, in January 2007. Over the last ten 10 years, the friendship has deepened through the High-Level Caribbean Partnership Forums held annually in Korea. Earlier this year, the inaugural CARICOM-Korea High-Level Meeting was held in Montego Bay, Jamaica.
These meetings, the Deputy Secretary-General noted, facilitated the exchange of views on strategic cooperation in various fields, including climate change, the 2030 Development Agenda, energy and food security, ICT and E-Government, health, and education. They have also facilitated people-to-people contact and increased bilateral technical and political cooperation.
As they congratulated Korea on the recent election of President Moon Jae-in, Ambassador Soeknandan said the Community looked forward to working with the East Asian country in implementing the commitments undertaken in the Joint Statement of the Inaugural CARICOM-Korea High-Level Meeting.
“We thank the Government of the Republic of Korea for its support and we extend our support for peace on the Korean peninsula,” they stated.
For their part, Mr Lim said they anticipated Korea's partnership with CARICOM would continue to grow stronger and that the accreditation would mark another turning point in the evolution of the “excellent friendship.”
Describing the Montego Bay CARICOM-Korea High-Level Meeting as a “milestone in elevating the level of dialogue and strengthening tangible cooperation between the two sides,” they added that the Joint Statement, unanimously adopted, signalled the strong will and commitment of both sides to fortify the bonds between the two Regions.
They described CARICOM as a leading group in the international community's efforts regarding climate change and sustainable development goals and a model example of regional cooperation and integration.
Over the last couple months, Wavves have teamed up with Culture Abuse, covered a Christmas classic, and remixed a video game theme. Today, Nathan Williams' project has released a cover of the Electric Prunes' “Onie,” off the California rock band's 1967 debut album. It's a lo-fi take that's more in line with the earliest Wavves material, and you can listen to it below, alongside a just-announced run of European dates.
TOUR DATES:
06/06 Manchester, UK @ Gorilla
06/07 Leeds, UK @ Belgrave Music Hall
06/08 London, UK @ Tufnell Park Dome
06/09 Hilvarenbeek, NL @ Best Kept Secret Festival
06/11 Berlin, DE @ Cassiopeia
06/13 Antwerp, BE @ Trix Club
06/14 Paris, FR @ La Maroquinerie
06/15 Budapest, HU @ Kolorado Festival
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Audi's next-generation A7 has been spotted in prototype form once again.
Though the latest prototype is still heavily masked, we can make out much of the design which shows a clear resemblance to Audi's Prologue concept first unveiled at the 2014 Los Angeles auto show.
Responsible for the look is current Audi design boss Marc Lichte. Their aim with the next-gen A7 is to inject greater visual differentiation between the car and the mechanically-similar next-generation A6.
Audi Prologue concept, 2014 Los Angeles Auto Show Enlarge Photo
The recently redesigned A8 is the first model designed under Lichte's supervision. It goes on sale in 2018, as a 2019 model. Arriving shortly after will be redesigned versions of the A6 and A7. We hear the latter will be shown later this year.
All the cars will feature an imposing, hexagonal-shaped grille and chiseled surfaces. On the A7, the character lines remain just as intense as you move towards the rear where a Kammback tail, just like on the current A7, can be found. We can also see a partially extended rear wing that normally will sit flush with the bodywork.
The platform underpinning the car is the Volkswagen Group's MLB design which made its debut in the 2017 Q7. The new platform promises a significant reduction in weight as well as compatibility with more alternative powertrains.
The base engine should be a turbocharged 2.0-liter inline-4 delivering 252 horsepower and 273 pound-feet of torque. This unit made its debut in the 2017 A4. A plug-in hybrid A7 is also planned. Audi has also hinted at a fuel cell-equipped A7, though this model is now looking unlikely given the Volkswagen Group's focus on battery-powered electric cars.
The good news is that we'll also see sporty S7 and RS 7 models, most likely powered by turbocharged V-6 and V-8 engines, respectively. Prototypes for the S7 are testing alongside the A7, one of which is featured in the above video.
There will also be loads of new technologies to aid the driver. One of these will be a self-driving mode that can handle parking situations as well as driving in traffic at speeds of up to 37 mph. The system, known as Audi AI, has already appeared on the redesigned A8.
March 15th, 2017 is the deadline to file your personal property assessments without a late penalty. New applications for homestead exemption must be filed by March 15th.
You need to login to view the rest of the content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
A person has scaled the base of the Statue of Liberty, as Americans celebrate Independence Day.
Police are currently on scene, and the monument was being evacuated, according to reports.
It's unclear why the person, who appears to be female, climbed to the foot of Lady Liberty.
Earlier Wednesday a number of protesters were arrested at the iconic monument after unfurling a banner calling for the dismantling of ICE, the federal agency in charge of immigration.
— More to come.
FAR HILLS, N.J. -- Two-time champion Karrie Webb has received a special exemption to the U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek in Alabama.
Webb won consecutive U.S. Women's Open titles by a combined 13 shots when they were at the top of their game. They beat Cristie Kerr and Meg Mallon by five shots at The Merit Club outside Chicago in 2000 and Se Ri Pak by eight shots at Pine Needles in North Carolina a year later.
The U.S. Women's Open at Shoal Creek starts May 31.
Webb received a 10-year exemption for their 2001 victory, and they have remained exempt through other categories every year since then.
The Australian is the first player to receive a special exemption to the Women's Open since Pak in 2016 at CordeValle.
​
India handed Sri Lanka a 3-0 whitewash More
​
India beat Sri Lanka in the third and final Test of the 3-match series by an innings and 171 runs with more than two days to spare. The number one Test team registered their first whitewash away from home in Tests (minimum of 3-Test series).
The hosts continued their sorry performance with the bat on day 3. Continuing from their overnight score of 19 for 1, they lost Dimuth Karunaratne very early in the day.
Mohammed Shami, who bowled a brilliant spell with the new ball in the first innings, was at their best yet again. They dismissed Karunaratne and Kusal Mendis cheaply and put Sri Lanka under pressure straight away.
After losing four wickets for not much on the board, the two best batsmen of Sri Lanka - Angelo Mathews and Dinesh Chandimal, put together a patient partnership of 65 runs. However, both batsmen got out in quick succession looking to play attacking shots.
Niroshan Dickwella (41 off 52 balls) impressed once again with their composure at the crease. The attacking southpaw looked the best of the lot during their stay. They employed the sweep against the spinners and kept the scoreboard ticking but it wasn't enough to impact the game.
For India, it was Shami who was the pick of the bowlers once again. The quickie started the day brilliantly, getting two quick wickets upfront and setting the tone for the spinners. Ravichandran Ashwin, too, was brilliant with their off-spinners and picked up four wickets for 68. Kuldeep Yadav and Umesh Yadav bagged one and two wickets respectively.
With this dominating win, India handed Sri Lanka their first whitewash in a 3-Test series since 2004.
Here are five talking points from the day's play.
#5 Sri Lankan batting disappoints yet again
India dominated the hosts in all departments of the game. They bowled, batted and fielded in a superior fashion in all the games and even had a better success rate using DRS.
But the main reason Sri Lanka lost this series 3-0 was their uninspiring batting. The hosts just couldn't perform as a team the entire series.
It was the same story on day 3 as all the batsmen lacked intent and threw away their wickets. Things are not looking good for the future of Sri Lankan cricket at the moment.
​
#4 Mathews and Chandimal's brief fightback
Angelo Mathews and Dinesh Chandimal steadied the ship but couldn't carry on More
After losing four quick wickets up top, Sri Lanka looked set for a disastrous loss. However, the two experienced batsmen, Chandimal and Mathews, put their heads down and played patiently. The duo played with caution and put together a decent partnership in the middle.
Read More
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
TORONTO — For most of their five seasons in Toronto, we waited for Terrence Ross to become something other than disappointing, confounding and overpaid.
It finally happened on Tuesday.
They became trade bait.
They became the significant piece on another day to shine for Masai Ujiri, the executive who quieted the noise, turned down the volume, and brought a sense of internal peace and external joy to a Raptors team desperately in need of alterations.
That's what leadership is in professional sport and that's what leadership does: Rather silently and without buildup, Ujiri brought the much-coveted Serge Ibaka to the Raptors. A player they have viewed from afar with envy for many years. They have known Ibaka as friend, as fellow African, as part of the basketball community at large.
Now they will know them in a much more intimate way, as teammate of sorts, as Raptors player, as someone who can come in and shake the Raptors' foundation at a time when shaking is needed. A real starting power forward.
Not a bench guy. Not Luis Scola. Not Amir Johnson. Not like anything Dwane Casey has had in their coaching arsenal before in Toronto.
He's the kind of player who understands winning, who is playoff-tested and playoff-ready, who has a clear comprehension of what April, May and June is all about in the NBA. They should make life easier for Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan. He's a high-percentage shooter. A quick defender. A large presence at 6-foot-10, although not quite the shot blocker they were in their early years.
“I've known this guy for years,” said Ujiri. “He's a hell of a competitor. Everybody knows who Serge is, he's a warrior. They give us good rim protection, he's a good defender. They can play multiple positions.”
Ibaka led the NBA four times in blocked shots and was on the all-defensive team three times. They should also make life easier for Jonas Valanciunas and Patrick Patterson — one has slightly regressed in this up-and-down season and the other will return now to where they belong, coming off the bench instead of starting.
This would be a home run of sorts for Ujiri and the Raptors except for the unknown aspects of the deal, and that includes exactly where Andy Miller, the player agent, fits in. The NBA is nothing if not an agent's league. Miller represents the pending free agent, Ibaka, and the pending free agent, Lowry.
Suddenly, they become a figure of significance about the Raptors' future. If Ujiri and their general manager, Jeff Weltman, have the most influence on what the Raptors do in the future, Miller's influence cannot be understated here. They can go shopping with Lowry and Ibaka this summer or they can settle in for a long ride with Lowry and Ibaka playing alongside DeRozan and Valanciunas.
That's the scenario Ujiri and Casey favour. Casey is always talking about how veteran teams win in the NBA. Teams that stay together. Teams with texture and experience.
This could be one of those teams.
Ujiri doesn't deal often or without purpose. The Rudy Gay and Andrea Bargnani trades, seemingly impossible to make, proved to be big wins for the Raptors. They turned around and traded the pretty much finished John Salmons for Lucas Nogueiro and Lou Williams.
Even the small trades have produced victories. Greivis Vasquez was sent to Milwaukee for Norm Powell and a first-round pick. Vasquez is basically done as an NBA player; Powell, who should benefit from the trading of Ross, is just beginning to show their capabilities.
And now this deal on Tuesday for Ibaka, which makes the Raptors' starting lineup the strongest it has ever been with a bench still capable and the assumption that one of these weeks Jared Sullinger will be able to contribute something.
Before Tuesday night's game in Chicago, the Raptors had won four of 14 games. “We've had a bad stretch,” said Ujiri. “We never know how (the trade) fits on paper. We fill a hole, a gap that we've been missing. Hopefully, this gives us that jump that we need.”
Ibaka comes in and yet I can't forget the night the Raptors drafted Ross. The Raptors really wanted Harrison Barnes that night. Coach Casey was sent out to speak to the media and talk up their first pick as the second round proceeded.
Casey is terrible at not telling the truth. They can't look you in the face and lie with any conviction. It's one of their most endearing qualities. They said they were happy to have Ross. They said so with a crooked smile.
The next four-and-a-half years they spent trying to figure out their vastly talented, wildly athletic, forever inconsistent wingman. This was their best season.
Ross grew up as a basketball player in Toronto. They just didn't grow into whatever kind of the player the Raptors hoped they would become, but they were enough to entice Orlando into moving Ibaka.
Now Casey doesn't have to guess anymore. They know what Serge Ibaka brings. Ibaka's career has almost been a straight statistical line.
Casey has a new part and a brand new starting lineup. They have two months to get ready for playoffs. Two months to figure this team out.
ssimmons@postmedia.com
Day three of the trial of a Burnaby man accused of tormenting their ex-wife online saw the jury hear they were willing to do anything to make them stop.
Patrick Fox is charged with criminal harassment related to online communications and publications regarding their ex-wife Desiree Capuano.
The charge includes a so-called revenge website they allegedly built to destroy their reputation.
Fox is representing themselves in the trial but has retained counsel for cross-examination, some of which took place Wednesday.
Tuesday's testimony focused largely on emails Fox had allegedly sent to Capuano, including one reading “the singular role for the rest of my life is to destroy your life.”
READ MORE: “The singular role for the rest of my life is to destroy your life:” Revenge website trial enters second day
Capuano told the court Wednesday that one of the ways they addressed the harassment was by “giving it back” with insults or sarcasm in their replies to Fox's emails.
But Fox's counsel asserted that they were also a player in a venomous dialogue.
The court heard Capuano at times belittled Fox's intelligence, or implied they were “trailer park trash,” and called them by different first names: Gary, Jose, Sally, Raymond, and Denise — an apparent dig at Fox who had changed their name from Richard Riess.
Capuano said the emails from Fox were like a daily beating and at some point, they felt like they could no longer take it.
But while the defence suggested they had engaged in tactics similar to those used by their former husband, Capuano responded by saying they aren't the one who uploaded those emails to a website.
Fox is also accused of possession of firearms in a place where they were not authorized to do so.
— With files from the Canadian Press
Rawalpindi-A seminar to highlight the weaknesses in self assessment reports in order to enhance the quality of education, research and student development was held at Pir Mehr Ali Shah Arid Agriculture University Rawalpindi (PMAS-AAUR) on Wednesday.
The seminar titled “Self Assessment Program: Highlighting the Weaknesses in Self Assessment Reports” was organised by the Quality Enhancement Cell (QEC) of the university. A large number of program team members from various departments of the university attended the seminar.
Vice Chancellor Prof Dr Rai Niaz Ahmed was the chief guest of the event. While inaugurating the seminar, they said self assessment provides a framework to evaluate and improve the academic programs and also provides an opportunity to cope with threats and convert the weaknesses into strengths. They further emphasized the faculty to promote research at the varsity. “We must focus on valuable research that has a direct impact on our society and tend the country towards prosperity and development,” they said. They congratulated the QEC Director and the faculty for the improvement of varsity's ranking from 220th to 204th out of 516 universities in the world in UI Green Metric World University Ranking 2016 and hoped for leading position in near future.
Downtown Vancouver businesses are expressing concern about a plan to hike parking lot taxes, making them among the highest in North America.
The tax hike is one piece of of a deal reached between Metro Vancouver's mayors and the province as to how the region will pay for its share of big-ticket transit projects including the Broadway subway and Surrey light rail.
LISTEN: Should parking taxes take a hike?
Tax on off-street parking was originally seven per cent PST, but was put under the control of TransLink in 1999 to fund transit. The agency increased it by 14 per cent in 2010 to the current 21 per cent.
Under the deal, it will now climb a further three per cent; with GST added in, that brings parking taxes to 29 per cent.
That has the Downtown Vancouver Business Improvement Association (DTVBIA) worried that customers could decide parking downtown is simply too expensive to visit.
READ MORE: Transit fares, development costs and property taxes going up to fund new transit
“What we're sensitive to is whether it's going to impact people's discretionary visits to downtown,” DTVBIA president and CEO Charles Gauthier told CKNW's The Lynda Steele Show.
“Not those people that come to work each and every day and they have to pick a mode of transportation to get here, but it's those people who have choices in terms of where they go and shop and go for entertainment and dining.”
WATCH: Plan agreed to fund Phase Two of Metro Vancouver transit projects
Gauthier said according to a recently-commissioned DTVBIA survey, four out of 10 people said the cost of parking does impact their choice of whether to go downtown or not.
READ MORE: At least one critic concerned with regional funding for TransLink expansion
Gauthier also expressed some concern about the province changing legislation that will allow the tax to climb.
“We were under the impression that it was capped at 21 per cent,” they said. “We're concerned about how often would this occur.”
WATCH: Big transit announcement: how will mayors pay for phase 2
However, while Gauthier said businesses will be watching closely to see if the number of visits declines, they said the DTVBIA isn't necessarily opposed to the tax — and won't fight it the way it did with a 2011 campaign called “drive out the tax.”
READ MORE: TransLink Mayors' Council unanimously renews support for Phase 2 plans
“We understand that they have to fund transit, and certainly every mode of transportation needs to be paying that and we haven't had an increase since 2010. So we're going to put that in perspective,” they said.
They added that on the positive side, there have been significant improvements in SkyTrain, Canada Line and night bus service to the downtown core, which has made it easier for people to access without a car.
STR analysts note in the statement that Abu Dhabi's ADR levels were once again pressured by supply growth in the market. However, the market's hotels did record a significant uptick in RevPAR (+23.6%) on the last day of the month, mainly due to the Global Space Congress (January 31-February 1).
A group of football fans are taking on a charity bike ride from Bristol to Sunderland in memory of little Bradley Lowery.
The team, made up of 11 Bristol City fans and three drivers, will cover a distance of 326 miles as they take on the ‘Stadium2Stadium' challenge.
The bike ride is raising funds for the Bradley Lowery Foundation.
The unique challenge will see them begin at the Robins' Ashton Gate home and stop off at various stadiums on their journey north to the Stadium of Light.
The fundraising initiative hopes to raise as much as possible for the Bradley Lowery Foundation, which is in the process of being set up after the six-year-old from Blackhall tragically lost their battle with childhood cancer neuroblastoma last month.
The charity looks to support children with cancer and other conditions whilst keeping Bradley's legacy alive.
The idea for the charity cycle came from Lee Rackham, 31, who wanted to show their support for the cause on behalf of the football community.
Lee, from Bristol, said their two sons Jensen Gordon, five, and Leo Rackham, six months, both suffer from conditions which may be able to receive support from the foundation once it is set up.
The former soldier-turned-scaffolder said: “In the past I have done a bike ride from Scotland to Halifax for a six-year-old boy who had the same condition as Bradley had, and has now sadly died.
“My son Jenson has a condition called hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia (HED) which means they don't sweat and can't cool their body down, while my other son Leo has Pierre Robin sequence - a condition that affects their breathing.
“They may both benefit from the foundation.”
The bike ride will start out from Ashton Gate on Tuesday, October 24 and will see the group cycle to the Stadium of Light by Saturday, October 28 - when Sunderland play host to Bristol City.
Along the way, the team plan to cycle through Blackhall.
Lee added: “We are hoping to raise £5,000 for the Bradley Lowery Foundation and so far we have raised £2,629.”
To donate visit: https://www.justgiving.com/crowdfunding/nick-duff?utm_id=100&utm_term=6aAbwgG9Z
Share:
ISLAMABAD - Son-in-law of former premier Nawaz Sharif and PML-N leader Capt (r) Muhammad Safdar on Wednesday termed the NAB's Avenfield reference against them a ‘price' for their relationship with the supreme leader of Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz.
They also informed the accountability court that they would not produce any witnesses in their defence because the prosecution had ‘failed to establish a case against him'.
They were recording their statement under Section 342 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) in a case related to London properties, which is one of the three references filed by the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) against the Sharif family.
They had been named in the reference along with Nawaz Sharif, wife Maryam Nawaz and their brothers-in-law Hassan and Hussain Nawaz.
To a question that why the Avenfield reference case had been filed against them by the NAB, Safdar, while terming it a ‘pressure tactic', recalled the past events starting from theirs joining the Pakistan Army to their posting as Nawaz's security officer.
They briefly pointed out the political developments happened in the 90s, when their father-in-law was deprived of the government twice - first in 1993 by President Ghulam Ishaq Khan and then in 1999 by army chief General Pervez Musharraf.
"Nawaz Sharif wisely saved the region from an imminent war but they could not save their own regime," Safdar said, referring to the Kargil Operation which had sparked a tiff between Nawaz and Musharraf which eventually escalated into the infamous coup.
They mentioned their political victimisation done by opponents of Nawaz Sharif, including disruption of their civil services and a first information report (FIR) registered at Lahore with Raiwind Police station, their arrest in Musharraf's regime and subsequent exile to Saudi Arabia.
“This is the price of my relationship with Nawaz Sharif, which I ever paid, still paying and will pay,” the son-in-law of former premier expressed their strong commitment, adding: “This is my duty, I will support narrative of Nawaz Sharif.”
They claimed that the Joint Investigation Team's (JIT) decision to include them in the references despite not being named in the Supreme Court's April 20 judgement showed that the JIT's "intentions were mala fide".
When asked to disclose the source of funds with which Maryam had bought the Avenfield apartments, they denied that Maryam was the owner of the said property.
Safdar skipped most of the questions posed to him, deeming them "irrelevant". In the end, when asked if they wanted to add something, they simply claimed to be innocent.
Following the conclusion of Safdar's testimony, the court was adjourned till June 5, when it will hear the final arguments on the Avenfield reference. However, the accountability court summoned JIT head Wajid Zia to appear on Thursday when they will be cross-questioned by Nawaz's counsel in connection with the reference concerning Al-Azizia Steel Mills.
MUHAMMAD ASAD CHAUDHRY
Even correcting the official data for that would yield a respectable 60% turnout and almost 74% for Vladimir Putin. Without the correction, the turnout hit 67.4%, more than in 2004 and 2012, and Putin won 77.7% of the vote—his highest ever. Photo: Reuters
The Russian presidential election that took place on Sunday was a fake one, but its outcome is real enough. It clearly demonstrated that a majority of Russians accept the rules imposed on them by President Vladimir Putin. That in itself is a kind of democratic choice, with clear implications for Putin's enemies inside and outside Russia.
The election was fake because Putin's most vocal and most politically talented rival, Alexei Navalny, wasn't allowed to run because of a trumped-up criminal conviction. It was fake because the “opposing candidates” were hand-picked by the Kremlin and because the majority of Russian media are under direct or indirect Kremlin control. It was also fake because of a fierce administrative pressure on Russia's millions of government-dependent voters—public servants, students, workers at state-controlled enterprises—to turn out, and because at many polling stations, especially those where the fragile Russian opposition had no observers, ballot boxes were stuffed.
There are, however, fewer reasons this time around than in several previous elections to describe the outcome as fake, too. Sergei Shpilkin, a physicist and electoral statistician who convincingly demonstrated irregularities in previous vote outcomes, noted that the vote falsification level was “likely at a record low” and close to what he'd seen back in 2004, during Putin's second, conflict-free election. According to Shpilkin, up to 8 million votes may have been added to the actual count.
Even correcting the official data for that would yield a respectable 60% turnout and almost 74% for Putin. Without the correction, the turnout hit 67.4%, more than in 2004 and 2012, and Putin won 77.7% of the vote—his highest ever.
Given Russia's restrictive political rules and the systematic suppression of political opposition and the media, the election was bound to turn into a referendum on Putin's rule, with the turnout acquiring paramount importance. The Kremlin did its best to stimulate it, putting on a massive get-out-the-vote campaign and instructing regional authorities to strive for maximum voter participation. All sorts of giveaways—from discounted food to free movie tickets, from selfie contests to lotteries—were ubiquitous, according to Golos, a non-governmental organization that monitors Russian elections. But none of that would have worked had Russians been unwilling to play Putin's game: The enticements weren't financially important and the pressure to turn out was gentle enough that most people could have resisted it.
In a way, Navalny, who called for a boycott of the election after being kept off the ballot, was the biggest loser on Sunday. The high turnout showed that Russians play happily by Putin's rigged rules even if there isn't much upside to playing along or much downside to ignoring the game.
Putin campaign spokesperson Alexei Kondrashov thanked the UK for Putin's landslide win, saying its vehement reaction to the poisoning in Britain of a former double agent helped rally Russians around the president. “Yet again they started pressuring us just when we needed to mobilize,” they said. “Every time Russia is accused of something groundlessly and without any proof, all the Russian people do is unite against the center of strength.” This theory would seem to provide a motive for the attempted murder of Sergei Skripal and their daughter Julia, defying official Moscow's line (Russia's representative to the United Nations, Vasily Nebenzya, recently insisted the Kremlin couldn't benefit from such violence right before the election).
Putin didn't run a campaign as such this time around: They never even published an election platform. What they did was stress defiance of US hegemony in a major speech that showcased half a dozen new strategic weapons. The Skripal affair rounded off Putin's minimalist vote-getting effort. Even if the selfie contests and the rest of it were ultimately more effective than the sabre-rattling and the confrontational rhetoric on state TV—which I think might have been the case—Kremlin ideologues will now be convinced of the rallying effect of stepping up the new Cold War. It'll be an added incentive to ignore any rules of interaction with “our Western partners,” as Putin likes to call them with a smirk. It'll also be a pretext to continue delaying any economic change: Why upset the system if an external enemy keeps Russians united and willing to put up with hardship?
Though Kondrashov isn't an important Kremlin insider, their remark sets the tone for Putin's fourth term in power. There is no reason for the Kremlin to pull back from any of the numerous conflicts it has with the West today—over chemical weapons, hacking, propaganda and disinformation, Middle Eastern wars and alliances, Ukraine, energy distribution channels. The vote results also strengthen the hawks in Putin's entourage and weaken the technocrats who point out that the stagnating economy undermines the stability of the regime. An economic focus surely wouldn't have been as rewarding politically as Putin's defiance—and the defiance is easier to maintain.
I argued earlier this year that Putin's real opponent in the election was a high abstention percentage. It would have signalled a certain readiness for change if popular leaders emerged to push for it. The next six years would have been a good time for alternatives to emerge since Putin, unwilling to change the constitution, must sit out the next election. (He scoffed on Sunday at the idea of running again in 2030: “Do the math. Am I going to sit here until I'm 100 years old? No.”)
But apathy has been vanquished as easily as Putin's tame rivals. The likelihood of a smooth handover of power to a similarly hawkish successor has just increased, and the West must brace itself for an extended period with a tough, wily, hostile, uncompromising Russia. It would take a miracle to set the country on a different course. Bloomberg View
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City head coach Lee Johnson admitted that they were disappointed with the manner of their side's defeat on Friday evening.
The Robins were beaten by Sammy Ameobi's long range goal in the 71st minute and couldn't find a way back into the game at the Macron Stadium.
After the match, the Bristol Post asked Johnson why Famara Diedhiou had been withdrawn and Bobby Reid was kept so deep, despite the away side being in a losing position and needing goals.
"I didn't think they looked like they were going to score. Simple," said Johnson.
"I had to make the change to give somebody else a go. I thought Famara was outstanding in the last game [against QPR] but unfortunately they couldn't quite live up to those heights today.
"Sometimes as a striker it's about the service. Getting in early service into you and yeah he's obviously still coming back to fitness don't forget.
"And maybe the game sort of kept up with them a little bit. But we weren't dangerous enough - not just fam but all around the pitch," explained Johnson.
Johnson withdrew Jamie Paterson as well as Diedhiou, and shifted Reid backwards into central midfield meaning the Robins lost their three top scorers (Flint apart) in the league this season despite needing a goal in the latter stages.
The Post asked if Reid could have been pushed into attack.
"Well, obviously we made the shape change. And what I wanted was as many potential goalscorers or attacking players on the pitch as possible.
"Obviously we played with a holding midfielder and two no.10s if you like, with Bobby and Ryan Kent.
"But it's difficult sometimes, and when they score they get 11 faces beind the ball very quickly and they did it very well.
"And it's difficult to break through their lines. Therefore people want to get on the ball so they drop a little deeper and there lies the issue. It wasn't a stretched out game at all, it was a 'we'll get it and Bolton will get back behind the ball' game.
"On the day we weren't good enough to break them down," admitted Johnson.
Bristol City play Sunderland at home next and will look to rejuvenate their promotion hopes with a win.
Iowa State quarterback Jacob Park will not play against No. 3 Oklahoma on Saturday for undisclosed medical reasons.
The school announced Friday that Park is taking a leave from the team to work through personal health issues. They remain a member of the squad.
Iowa State coach Matt Campbell is not certain of a timeline for Park's return, and said they cannot discuss issue. Campbell said Iowa State is focused on "supporting one another in difficult times."
Park has completed 62 percent of their passes and has nine touchdown passes and five interceptions this season.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - KTM INDUSTRIES AG:
* ‍TAKEOVER BID FOR REVOCATION OF ADMISSION TO TRADE SHARES OF PANKL RACING SYSTEMS AG​
* OFFER PRICE: EUR 42,18 PER PANKL-SHARE
* ‍OFFER PRICE AMOUNTS TO EUR 42.18 CUM DIVIDEND 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Leader of the Opposition United Workers Party, Lennox Linton, has written to attorney Anthony Astaphan, asking for the basis of statements made by Astaphan which Linton claims defamed their character and their duty as a Parliamentary constituency representative.
They have said that they expect a response from Astaphan “forthwith,” as it is their intention to seek legal advice on “this extremely despicable behavior which you have so boldly exhibited – even as you mourn the recent death of your father.”
In the letter, Linton refers to an interview which was aired on Kairi FM on Friday December 30, 2016, in which they say Astaphan described them in the “vilest of terms” over the fact of an interview that they did with CBS News which is yet to be aired. They accuse Astaphan of prefacing their comments thus: ‘And then we find out Lennox has volunteered to assist CBS in a story that is obviously, based on the preview, premised on lies . . .' ”
They state, “On December 22, 2016 CBS News started airing a promotional item entitled ‘Preview: Passports for Sale' with the announcement that Steve Kroft would, on Sunday January 1, 2017, report ‘on how small cash-starved countries, such as the island nations of Antigua and Dominica, offer citizenship for a price, creating ways to ease travel for international citizens, including those running from the law'.”
They say they were interviewed, as Leader of the Opposition, by Steve Kroft “and a small extract of that interview was aired in the advertisement in which I am quoted correctly as saying that it costs one hundred thousand dollars to get citizenship; one can pay the money from wherever they are, and doesn't even have to come to Dominica to get the citizenship; and agreed with Mr. Kroft that it was something like a mail order citizenship.”
The letter continues, “You then went on to say, among other things, that it was my intention to ‘sabotage the Citizen by Investment Programme'; that my actions amounted to a ‘terrorist declaration of war'; that I had embarked on an ‘economic form of terrorism'; that ‘the only honest motive Linton would have [to travel to Antigua for that interview] is a desperate pathological desire for facial recognition'; that ‘Linton from today should be branded as a traitor to this country'; and that I ‘deliberately suppressed facts that [I] know to be true'.”
Linton states in the letter that Astaphan further described them on the Kairi FM programme as “a despicable man, a pathological man, unpatriotic, . . . and absolutely disqualified to represent any single human being in this land . . . or any life form whether in the form of a horse, a donkey, or a dog in any scenario or in any place”.
They go to state, “notwithstanding your political leanings, it behoves me to enquire of the basis on which you have determined to defame my character and my duty as a Parliamentary constituency representative in that manner, and to a listening audience which transcends the country's borders.”
Linton points out that as a man learned in the law, Astaphan is fully aware of their fundamental right of freedom of expression and the freedom to hold and communicate opinions without interference which is guaranteed by the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Dominica.
“And, as a human being living in a plural and democratic society,” the Leader of the Oppposition states, “the rules of common decency should certainly govern your conduct and behaviour.”
Below is the full text of the letter.
Download (PDF, 160KB)
A grand jury indicted Harvey Weinstein on Wednesday on two counts of rape and a single count of criminal sexual acts.
The charges match the ones filed in a criminal complaint last Friday by the Manhattan District Attorney's office.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged,” D.A. Cyrus Vance, Jr., said in a statement. “Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand.”
Weinstein's attorney, Benjamin Brafman, announced earlier on Wednesday that their client would not testify before the grand jury. In a statement to the press, Brafman complained that information had been withheld which would assist in Weinstein's defense.
Following the indictment, Brafman said that it “does not add anything to the case we did not already know.”
“The announcement of Mr. Weinstein's indictment does not come as a surprise,” they said. “We remind everyone that an Indictment is merely a formal accusation. Mr Weinstein intends to enter a plea of Not Guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny. We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted.”
Weinstein is accused of forcing Lucia Evans to perform oral sex on them at their Tribeca office in 2004. A second woman, who has not been identified, alleges that Weinstein raped them at a hotel in 2013. Brafman has said that Weinstein was in a 10-year consensual relationship with the second woman, which continued after the alleged rape.
Weinstein faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted.
Harvey Weinstein Indictment by gmaddaus on Scribd
VARIETY VIDEO:
“I think it's a good time for myself, representing the team, to thank the group for all the financial effort they have done at the beginning of the season.
On June 1, Phil Cook will release People Are My Drug, their third solo album. One of the early glimpses Cook has offered of the album is “Miles Away,” a soulful duet with Sylvan Esso's Amelia Meath that takes stock of an elusive lover.
Now, Cook and Meath have shared an official video for the tune. Staying true to the song's narrative, the clip shows the pair failing to connect in various locales, including a diner and a scenic pasture.
“I love Amelia Meath for so many reasons,” Cook says. “Mostly because they make me laugh and they own their spirit in a beautiful way. Getting to write this song with them was therapeutic as well. Them gorgeous vocal stylings at the outro are all from the first take in the studio.”
Watch the video for “Miles Away” and see Cook's upcoming tour dates below.
Phil Cook tour dates:
6/7 – Carrboro, NC – Cat's Cradle &
6/8 – Washington DC – Songbyrd &
6/10 – Brooklyn, NY – Rough Trade &
7/6-7 – Eau Claire, WI – Eaux Claires Music Festival
7/31 – Los Angeles, CA – Teragram Ballroom*
8/1 – San Francisco, CA – The Independent*
8/3-5 – Happy Valley, OR – Pickathon
8/7-8 – Seattle, WA – Tractor Tavern*
10/8 – Asheville, NC – Mothlight
10/9 – Charlotte, NC – Neighborhood Theater
10/10 – Atlanta, GA – Eddie's Attic
10/11 – New Orleans, LA – One Eyed Jack's
10/12-14 – Austin, TX – ACL Music Festival
10/16 – Nashville, TN – Hi Watt
10/19 – Minneapolis, MN – Turf Club
10/20 – Eau Claire, WI – The Jamf @ Confluence Center
10/21 – Chicago, IL – Schubas
10/24 – Boston, MA – Sinclair
10/25 – Philadelphia, PA – Boot & Saddle
10/26 – Richmond, VA – Capitol Ale House
10/27 – Winston Salem, NC – Ramkat
11/2 – Milwaukee, WI – Colectivo
& w/ Jake Xerxes Fussell
* w/ Daniel Norgren
From Yuneec:
Yuneec APV has launched live stream capabilities for its Breeze “Flying Camera” drone. User can now live stream to Facebook, YouTube, or your preferred output, making the product even more convenient than before. Whether users are interacting in real-time with their followers, sharing the game winning play or connecting with their friends and family abroad, Breeze lets them tell their story “live” with those they care about most.
Breeze Live Stream Features:
New feature on Breeze Cam App, available on iOS and Android
Stream in 720p HD
Instant interaction with audience
Facebook, YouTube, RTMP (Real-Time Messaging Protocol) compatible
Video recording via Breeze drone
Audio recording via mobile device
Ability to name live stream recording
Breeze is controlled by user's smartphone devise through the Breeze app available in Android and iOS. Users can also fly it with a dedicated controller FPV kit available for $69.99.
Software Update Details
Auto updates enabled – If users have the Breeze App set to automatically update, the app with be automatically updated to include this feature.
Auto updates disabled – If users do not have the Breeze App set to automatically update, they can visit the Apple®App store or Google® Marketplace to download the most current Breeze App.
Visit Yuneec.com
See more posts about Yuneec
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
2:15 Kids ask Miami-Dade mayor to make it a sanctuary county
0:55 Big Bank Theory frustrates, educates high school students
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
0:43 Can you really suffer from a broken heart?
Share:
SIALKOT-Two women and a minor boy were abducted from their houses in different incidents while a woman and their daughter foiled a bid of their abduction by hurling shouts here the other day.
According to police sources, five armed men abducted Zeenat Bibi, wife of labourer Zulfiqar, along with their eight-month-old son Saffiya from their house at Budhpur-Motra village, Daska tehsil. Police registered a case with no recovery or arrest.
In another incident, unidentified accused kidnapped 17-year-old Iqra, daughter of local farmer Muhammad Boota, at gunpoint in Sattokey village, Daska. They were alone at home when the incident occurred. Daska Saddr police registered a case.
On the other hand, Khalida Bibi and their daughter Anam foiled an attempt of their abduction, in front of Main Bazaar, Daska City. Some accused attempted to kidnap them at gunpoint. They tried to bundle them in an auto rickshaw. But they hurled shouts which foiled bid of their abduction. The accused fled away. Daska City police registered a case with no arrest.
Dexter McClanahan had 23 points, 10 rebounds and five assists Saturday night and Savannah State powered past South Carolina State 111-99 for the Tigers' seventh straight win.
Savannah State (11-13, 8-1 Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference) pushed its lead into double digits for good with a 13-4 run that made it 84-70 with 9:41 left.
The Tigers maintained a half-game lead over North Carolina A&T (7-1) in the conference standings.
The Bulldogs (8-16, 4-5) led for most of the first 10 minutes of the game, but Savannah State had a 10-0 run during the middle of the period and took the lead for good at 36-34 with 4:18 left in the half.
Zach Sellers added 18 points, Austin Dasent scored 15, Alante Fenner 14, Ty'lik Evans 13 and Jahir Cabeza 10 for Savannah State.
Patrell Rogers had 26 points, Damani Applewhite scored 24 and Donte Wright 16 for South Carolina State.
LONDON (Reuters) - British aerospace and defence electronics group Cobham said on Friday it has agreed to sell its AvComm and Wireless test businesses to Viavi Solutions for $455 million, as part of the latest stage of a turnaround plan.
Cobham, which had said in August that it may divest the units, plans to use the proceeds to reduce debt.
Communications equipment maker AvComm is based in the U.S., while the Wireless unit, which does 5G mobile network testing, is based in Britain, said Cobham, adding that the deal is expected to complete in the first half of this year. ​
Cellphone video released Wednesday shows accused Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School gunman Nikolas Cruz describing their plans for the assault on the school.
According to CBS, the first two videos appear to have been taken before the day of the shooting. In them, they lay out details of their plans for the attack.
In the third video, with the camera apparently pointed at pavement, they talk about their loneliness, anger and hatred, and announces, "Today is the day. ...The day of my massacre shall begin."
"I live a lone life. I live in seclusion and solitude. I hate everyone and everything. But the power of my AR you will all know who I am," they say.
They talk about being "told what to do" and being treated as an "idiot" and "dumbass."
"When in real life, you're all the dumbass," Cruz said. "You're all stupid, brainwashed by the political government programs. You will all see, you will all know who by name is."
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
RAWALPINDI, Oct 6 (APP): Chief of Army Staff General Qamar Javed Bajwa
Friday visited the family of Lieutenant Colonel Amer Wahid Shaheed in Lahore, an Inter-Service Public Relations (ISPR) statement issued here said.
Colonel Amer had embraced martyrdom near Panjgur, Balochistan on
September 4, in a terrorist attack.
The army chief condoled with the bereaved family and offered Fateha. They
said the supreme sacrifices rendered by Pakistan Army's officers and men would never go waste.
They reiterated that fight against terrorism would continue till the
achievement of enduring peace and stability.
In this Oct. 4, 2017 photo, a female monkey carries their baby on their back on Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, in Puerto Rico, one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve. (Photo: Ramon Espinosa / AP)
Cayo Santiago, Puerto Rico — As thousands of troops and government workers struggle to restore normal life to Puerto Rico, a small group of scientists is racing to save more than 1,000 monkeys whose brains may contain clues to mysteries of the human mind.
One of the first places Hurricane Maria hit in the U.S. territory Sept. 20 was Cayo Santiago, known as Monkey Island, a 40-acre outcropping off the east coast that is one of the world's most important sites for research into how primates think, socialize and evolve.
The storm destroyed virtually everything on the island, stripping it of vegetation, wrecking the monkeys' metal drinking troughs and crushing the piers that University of Puerto Rico workers use to bring in bags of monkey chow — brown pellets of processed food that complete the primates' natural vegetation diet.
“All of our tools were destroyed,” said Angelina Ruiz Lambides, the director of the Cayo Santiago facility. “Does FEMA cover this? Does the university's insurance cover this? I don't know.”
Incredibly, as far as the scientists can tell so far, the monkeys survived the direct hit from the hurricane, perhaps by seeking high ground and clustering together at the base of trees.
No bodies have been found and a census is not detecting large numbers of missing macaques.
The island's history as a research center dates to 1938, when the man known as the father of American primate science brought a population of Indian rhesus macaques to the United States. Clarence Ray Carpenter wanted a place with the perfect mix of isolation and free range, where the monkeys could be studied living much as they do in nature without the difficulties of tracking them through the wild.
Since then the 400 or so macaques have reproduced and expanded their numbers, becoming the world's most studied free-ranging primate population and something of a living library.
Every animal born on the island is tattooed for easy identification, and the skeleton of every one that has died over nine generations has been saved for future reference. About 100 have had their entire genetic makeup sequenced, and hundreds more have had at least some of their DNA analyzed.
Researchers from Yale, the University of Pennsylvania, New York University and others have been spending much of the year on the island studying everything from the monkeys' eye movements to the genes and behavior of socially aberrant individuals that may provide insight into the causes of autism.
“It's completely unprecedented in its breadth and size,” said James Higham, a professor of biological anthropology at NYU who is studying the monkeys' behavior, cognition and communication.
Now the university staff and local employees who keep Monkey Island running are frantically ferrying bags of chow in a tiny skiff, feeding the macaques a survival diet and trying to reassemble the rainwater collectors and drinking troughs that keep the animals alive in the tropical sun.
Mainland scientists are bringing in equipment from chain saws to a portable pier, funded by tens of thousands of dollars raised so far in university departments and online.
Complicating the effort, the monkeys all carry herpes B, a version of the virus that is harmless to macaques but can be fatal in humans. Anyone who comes into contact with monkey saliva or urine must undergo rigorous decontamination and treatment with antiretroviral drugs.
Humans also pose risks for the monkeys. Because the hurricane destroyed the island's chemical toilet, researchers and workers can stay only until they need a bathroom break: Human waste could start an epidemic that could wipe out the monkeys.
While the rescue effort is heroic, “it's not sustainable,” said Higham, who is bringing in a container full of supplies, possibly on a ship that would anchor off the island. “They're doing the best they can do under very difficult conditions, but it needs help and attention.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2xYyxWb
Maharashtra State Electricity Board director Vishwas Pathak admitted that the railways is currently making available 20 to 22 rakes for hauling coal as against requirement of 32 rakes. Photo: Bloomberg
Mumbai: Short supply of rakes to haul coal from coal mines to thermal power plants in Maharashtra by railways ministry has plunged large parts of the state into unexpected darkness.
Speaking to reporters in the city on Friday, director MSEB (Maharashtra State Electricity Board) Holding Co. Ltd, Vishwas Pathak admitted that the railways is currently making available 20 to 22 rakes for hauling coal as against requirement of 32 rakes.
“Despite the state power generation utility MahaNirmiti having the capacity to generate power, the state is facing shortage of 2,000 MW of power daily due to lack of availability of coal,” they said.
In a major relief to power consumers in Mulund, Bhandup area and parts of Thane and Raigad districts the state power supply utility MahaVitaran has withdrawn power cuts in A and B category power feeders. They added that the state has the capacity to produce power equal to the installed power generation capacity. However, the state has been unable to do so due to non-availability of the raw material (coal).
Pathak further said that the state has been buying 1,200 MW of power from the Central Power Grid to overcome the current shortfall. Out of this 500 MW of power is priced at over Rs4 per unit and is also buying power from private power producers like Adani and JSW.
Pathak said out of the total power generation, the state reserves 40% of its power for agricultural use and 20% of power for industries, railways and hospitals. The load shedding is applicable to remaining 40% of the economic sector where the losses and recovery of dues is higher, they said.
The 8 to 10 hours load shedding (power cuts) imposed in large parts of the state since 5 October evoked sharp reactions from the people already reeling under severe October heat. The state power utility MahaVitaran resorted to power cuts in urban areas of Mumbai Eastern Suburbs, Thane, Navi, Mumbai, Nashik and Pune. However, now the state power utility citing reasons that the power cuts are being withdrawn as there is less of power theft and fewer incidences of people not paying up their electricity bills.
Meanwhile, leader of Opposition in the Legislative Council Dhananjay Munde said that the state government has failed to take the issue of load shedding seriously and that the NCP will resort to protests against the issue.
“The government has failed to tackle the issue and thus people are having to face heat in the hot month of October. Previously, only rural villages were victims of load shedding but now places like Mumbai, Pune, Thane too. Is this how the government bridging the gap between rural and urban Maharashtra?” they questioned. “The NCP will stage protests against this load shedding,” they added.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
When it comes to their contracts with disgraced producer Harvey Weinstein, the Walt Disney Company is arguing that it's in the public's best interest to keeping their confidential files secret. “Public interest in confidentiality outweighs the public interest in openness,” Disney's lawyer Tim Lowman argued in a Toronto courtroom Monday. They asked the court to seal three documents related to Weinstein's business relationship with Disney and Miramax films. It's the latest argument in a sexual assault lawsuit filed by a Toronto actor and model, known in court as Jane Doe. Doe alleges that Weinstein sexually assaulted them during two incidents in 2000, and is holding their company Miramax, its owner at the time Walt Disney Co., and Weinstein's assistant Barbara Schneeweiss each partly responsible. The allegations have yet to be tested in court.
Article Continued Below
In a short statement of defence, Weinstein said they “denies each and every allegation” against him, including specifically denying any “sexual assault, sexual battery, harassment or infliction of mental injury or any other wrongful conduct” against Doe. They ask for the lawsuit to be dismissed. Disney has denied liability in the case, saying Doe's claim has no legal basis and it had no knowledge of any complaints, lawsuits or settlements against Weinstein. It said the executive, who was co-chairperson of Miramax at the time, had “virtual autonomy” to manage their business.
“If, at the end of the day, Disney escapes liability, the public will not know the basis for it. They will have done so, effectively, in secret,” Doe's lawyer Marie Henein argued Monday. Lowman argued that if the documents aren't sealed, “the interest of the public in the preservation in confidential information, confidential commercial information, will not be met.” But Disney has already handed over redacted sections of their contracts related to Weinstein, Henein responded. The only real risk the company faced by disclosing the entire agreements, in their view, was in being sued by one of their own companies or employees. “So really, let's just call it,” Henein said of Lowman's argument. “He's saying the Walt Disney Company could sue the Walt Disney Company.” Much of the argument Monday relied on a precedent called the Sierra test, from a 2002 case between the Sierra Club of Canada and the federal finance minister. The test assesses the risk of disclosing sensitive, confidential documents. In the case of the Sierra Club, the documents related to the construction and design of a nuclear installation. “Mr. Weinstein and a nuclear facility, other than their incendiary nature, have nothing to do with each other,” Henein argued. Lowman believed the same principles applied, and the same caution should be taken. Weinstein's lawyer didn't take a position on the sealing request, other than to note that they'd request redactions if the documents became public. Miramax's lawyer didn't take a position, but denied that the current Miramax LLP is a successor of then-Miramax Film Corp. Schneeweiss's lawyer agreed with Doe's side on the matter. Case management master Priti Sugunasiri will release a decision at a later time.
SAN FRANCISCO -- A California man suspected of stealing a football autographed by former San Francisco 49ers wide receiver Jerry Rice has turned themselves in and returned the ball.
The San Francisco Chronicle reported Sunday that 45-year-old Patrick Van Lam went to a San Jose police station Saturday after seeing viral photos of themselves on social media taking the ball at a charity auction.
The ball went missing after it was purchased for $3,500 at an April 9 fundraiser to benefit Chinese orphans with special needs.
The newspaper reported that Van Lam was arrested on suspicion of burglary and grand theft.
Police say a second man helped Van Lam take the ball.
There was no solid proof of financial misconduct, and there was no other way to disqualify the former PM other than the flimsy Article 62-63 of the constitution.
The decision to disqualify the PM was legal, and sound, but its constitutional basis leaves much to be desired.
The chairperson of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf (PTI), Imran Khan, on Sunday announced that the party will oppose any movement that tries to repeal Article 62-63 of the constitution.
Their dissent is irrelevant, until they are able to garner enough majorities that they could block such a move.
Under these constitutional provisions, there will be barely any politician that is truly “sadiq and ameen” enough to qualify for Pakistan's premiership, including Imran Khan.
What needs to be remembered is that the articles were included in the constitution during the regime of General Zia ul Haq, in an attempt to Islamise the constitution.
They are there not by democratic debate, but are the whims of a dictator.
There is no harm in debating this issue, or properly defining what Sadiq and Ameen substantially mean.
The application of such terminology becomes impossible and in this case it has led to the questioning of the logic of the Supreme Court's decision, which under a good constitution would be unquestionable.
Yes, corruption should be accounted for, and integrity should matter, but the articles of the constitution and laws should specifically define what these terms are.
If offshore bank accounts and tax evasion are crimes, they need to be spelled out in legislation.
We need precise laws create accountability, not on abstract terms that lead to anyone questioning the highest judicial minds.
The movement to repeal these articles is not a movement to “secularise” Pakistan as all as claimed by Maulana Fazlur Rehman (JUI-F).
Such ridiculous assertions of “Islam being in danger” only cloud the issue.
If corrupt men have risen to power, it has been because of weak laws and weaker implementation.
Just declaring someone as not “sadiq” or “ameen” does nothing for the physical problem of corruption.
It just means that only man in the PM's office is accountable, not the rest of those who may have committed similar crimes.
The constitution of a country is that one document that differentiates between fiction and reality.
Just as Montesquieu says that the laws of a country should be based on the outlook and the setting of the society.
Similarly, the constitution of the country should be based on facts that are inherently applicable.
LAHORE - A differently-abled girl was burnt alive when fire broke out inside a house in Sukh Nahar near Shahdara on early Monday, rescue
workers said.
Police identified the fire victim as eight-year-old Noor Fatima, a differently-abled child. It was not clear yet what caused the blaze. Firefighters say they believe the blaze broke out because of sort-circuiting.
The fire erupted inside a room where Noor was sleeping. Them two brothers and a sister were present in the adjacent room and they survived luckily. Police sources said the parents of the girl were at work when the fire erupted.
“The mother left their house for work after locking the main door from outside on Monday morning. Three siblings were pulled out safe (from another bedroom) as locals broke open the door and entered the house,” a police officer said.
LINE-MAN ELECTROCUTED
An employee of the Lahore electric supply company was electrocuted near Pindi bus stop in Liaqatabad area on Monday.
Rescue workers said the Line-Man was repairing some heavy-voltage wires when they sustained severe electric shock and died on the spot. Authorities were investigating the incident.
Woman electrocuted
A woman died of an electric shock here on early Monday morning.
Rescue sources said that 30-year-old Raheela hailing from Baghbanpura area of the provincial capital Lahore was spreading washed clothes on wall when they mistakenly touched naked live electricity wire. The electric shock proved fatal and the lady expired on the spot.
The body was shifted to hospital where it was handed over to heirs after
post-mortem.
MADRID - Spain's conservative government on Wednesday survived a vote of no confidence tabled by the far-left Podemos to denounce rampant corruption after a day-and-a-half of lively, sometimes acrimonious debate.
Eighty-two lawmakers in the lower house voted in favour of the motion to unseat Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, 170 against and 97 abstained, prompting it to fail.
The vote had never been expected to succeed as a majority of lawmakers were against it, but it was brought to parliament by Podemos to shine the spotlight on Rajoy's ruling Popular Party (PP), which has been hit by a series of corruption scandals.
It was also the occasion for other opposition parties and Podemos to lay bare their differences in a highly-fragmented parliament that has forced Rajoy to head up a minority government following two inconclusive elections in 2015 and 2016.
Albert Rivera, head of the centre-right Ciudadanos, which like Podemos burst onto the national political scene in these elections on the back of voter frustration with traditional parties, asked its leader Pablo Iglesias to “come back to reality.”
In their speech, they said that seven of the 11 measures to fight corruption that Iglesias proposed during Tuesday's debate were already being examined in parliament.
“Leave the bus and come back to parliament,” they told Iglesias, referring to a much-publicised bus commissioned by Podemos to tour Spain and denounce corruption. “Get to work instead of presenting votes of no confidence.”
To which Podemos responded that its parliamentary group was the one that had registered most initiatives.
“For a time, you were able to fool people by saying you were something else, that you had come to regenerate things, but in reality, you are a crutch for the Popular Party, nothing more,” said Iglesias.
The main opposition Socialists also had a dig at Podemos.
“Stop saying that this is an opportunity to unseat Rajoy, because it isn't true,” said Jose Luis Abalos, parliamentary spokesperson for the Socialists, pointing to the fact that Podemos knew it did not have the necessary support to see the vote through.
But the motion still managed to once again raise the issue of corruption in Spain, where the PP has been particularly hard hit by graft scandals.
Opinion polls regularly show corruption is Spaniards' main concerns after sky-high unemployment.
Five-star point guard Trae Young will announce their decision on Thursday, and it's looking like a two-horse race between Kansas and Oklahoma. How will Young's decision impact the class rankings?
Outside of Duke, Kentucky and perhaps Arizona, no school has recruited more effectively over the last four seasons than Bill Self and Kansas. The Jayhawks have had a top-nine recruiting class each year since 2013, and that doesn't even account for the fact that neither Frank Mason IIInor Devonte' Graham, their current starting backcourt, were ranked in the ESPN 100 coming out of high school. Going back even further, Kansas has finished outside of the top 20 in the class rankings just twice since 2008.
But right now, the Jayhawks are slotted in at No. 23, with five-star forward Billy Preston and ESPN 100 guard Marcus Garrett in the fold.
Fortunately for Kansas, Young is set to announce their commitment this week -- and the Jayhawks are co-favorites along with Oklahoma. If Young pledges to Kansas, the Jayhawks would obviously move up several spots in the rankings, maybe even into the top 10. They would be one of just four programs with multiple five-star recruits in the 2017 class, joining Duke, Kentucky and Alabama.
If Young doesn't pick Kansas, Self will have to put all their efforts into landing Trevon Duval, the top guard in 2017. The Jayhawks aren't really involved with any other ESPN 100 prospects, so missing on both Young and Duval could keep the Jayhawks out of the top 20 classes for the first time since 2011.
The other two teams on Young's list are Oklahoma and Oklahoma State. The Sooners aren't ranked in the 40 recruiting classes right now, with four-star frontcourt players Brady Manek and Hannes Polla the lone two prospects committed. Lon Kruger had the No. 24 class in 2016 but hasn't had another top-25 group since they took over in Norman in 2011. Young's commitment would not only launch the Sooners into the 40, but it could get them into the top 25.
Brad Underwood and the Cowboys are the third wheel in this two-team battle, but the Cowboys are currently slotted at No. 34 and would push for a top 10 finish with a commitment from Young, although it's unlikely they end up in Stillwater.
Selena Gomez had several ups and downs throughout 2016 and when it comes to their downs, Justin Bieber's name has been tied to a couple of their lowest points of the year. In addition to being blamed for their alleged stint in rehab earlier this year, Bieber's Instagram feud with Selena Gomez has been named as one of their “downs” of 2016. In a report by Hollywood Life on January 1, Selena Gomez's high and low points of last year were remembered, as was their public fallout with Bieber, which took place in mid-August — just weeks before they reportedly checked into a rehab facility outside of Nashville, Tennessee. As fans will recall, in early 2016, Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber sparked rumors of a possible reunion with one another after they engaged in a very flirty exchange, which began after Bieber shared a throwback photo of them sharing a kiss in a swimming pool. Selena Gomez performs at the 2014 American Music Awards on November 23, 2014. [Image by Kevin Winter/Getty Images] After seeing Bieber's throwback photo, which they captioned, “Feels,” Selena Gomez responded to the post with a comment that read, “Perfect.” Right away, “Jelena” fans grew hopeful that a reunion was looming, but even after Gomez attended Bieber's “Purpose World Tour” show in March, they appeared to keep their distance from one another — at least in the public eye. In the months that followed, Bieber spent time with a number of other women, including Nicola Peltz, Hailey Baldwin, Sofia Richie and Kourtney Kardashian. Meanwhile, Selena Gomez focused on their career as they embarked on their “Revival World Tour,” which was expected to conclude at the end of the year. Then, in August, after Bieber shared a couple of photos of themselves and Richie, things between them and Selena Gomez took a major turn for the worse. After Bieber threatened to make their Instagram private if fans didn't stop being mean to their rumored girlfriend, Selena Gomez reminded them that their fans have always been there for them — and told them to keep their relationship off social media. When all was said and done, the former couple had both accused the other of cheating before Bieber deleted their account entirely. Weeks later, Selena Gomez announced the sudden end of their “Revival World Tour.” “As many of you know, around a year ago I revealed that I have lupus, an illness that can affect people in different ways,” Selena Gomez explained in a statement to People magazine on August 30. “I've discovered that anxiety, panic attacks and depression can be side effects of lupus, which can present their own challenges.” “I want to be proactive and focus on maintaining my health and happiness and have decided that the best way forward is to take some time off. Thank you to all my fans for your support. You know how special you are to me, but I need to face this head on to ensure I am doing everything possible to be my best. I know I am not alone by sharing this, I hope others will be encouraged to address their own issues,” they continued. Selena Gomez attends Q102's Jingle Ball 2015 on December 9, 2015. [Image by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images] While Selena Gomez faced hardships throughout 2016, they ultimately made a comeback in November when they attended the 2016 American Music Awards in Los Angeles and accepted the award for Best Female Artist: Pop/Rock. Selena Gomez also signed a reported $10 million deal with Coach before the year was up and confirmed the news with their fans on Instagram. “Being able to create is my favorite thing in the whole world. I'm so excited to be a part of the vision and family @coach AND I get the honor to design with @stuartvevers -ahhhhhh,” Selena Gomez captioned a post weeks ago, which featured a photo of the singer holding a Coach clutch. [Featured Image by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
SIALKOT-The Rs4 billion widening project of the seasonal Nullah Palkhu has not even been launched though the government had last year announced to complete it till June 15, 2017 to save the nearby areas from flood disaster.
It is in a doldrums as the local people of Chitti Sheikhaan and surrounding localities have refused to sell the land on rate lower than the market value.
The Punjab government had announced a Rs4 billion project to widen the Nullah near Sialkot last year. Under the project, it was to be widened to 101 feet besides diverting of its route out of village Nangal and the other surrounding areas of the Sialkot city in a bid to save these areas from flood disasters.
Now, the local people have clearly refused to give their precious lands to the district administration, saying that they were not ready to give their land because the district administration was offering them very low prices of their lands against the actual market value. The people already got stay orders against the project. The project is in a doldrums near a local graveyard at Chitti Sheikhaan locality, as the graveyard comes in the way of this seasonal Nullah due to the poor planning by the district administration.
The people were also not allowing the district administration to demolish the ancient graveyard for widening of the Nullah to ensure smooth flow of floodwater.
It was to be completed before the start of the monsoon. Now, the rain season is on, but the Rs.5 billion project is still lying incomplete and the surroundings of Sialkot city were still at great risk of being flooded again this year. The local people have urged the government to look into the matter for early completion of the project in the large public interest.
19 HELD: The Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) has arrested 19 proclaimed offenders (POs), two notorious POs named in FIA's Red Book and 108 notorious human traffickers. It unearthed six illegal money exchanges during its ongoing vigorous operation.
The drive was launched in Gujranwala Division's all the six Sialkot, Narowal, Gujrat, Mandi Bahauddin, Hafizabad and Gujranwala districts. According to the Khald Anees (Divisional Deputy Director FIA), the FIA has also recovered Rs10 million from these accused human traffickers, which they had taken from the innocent people for sending them abroad illegally by showing them the golden dreams of their lucid future in abroad.
Custom seizes six trucks
of Indian items
The anti-smuggling squad of Sialkot Customs seized a bulk quantity of Indian-made smuggled things loaded in six trucks during special checking at various spots. The Customs officials foiled the major attempt of smuggling of Indian articles being supplied to the local markets in Sialkot, Narowal, Gujrat, Mandi Bahauddin, Hafizabad and Gujranwala districts.
The senior Customs officials told newsmen that on directions of Collector Customs Sialkot Ahmed Raza Khan, the teams of anti smuggling squad led by senior officials raided various places and seized the six big trucks loaded with the smuggled things including cloths, lemons, cumin, tea, shampoos, mobile phones, laptops, electronics and other dry spices during special checking.
Customs officials arrested the six accused drivers of the seized trucks and have sent them behind bars after registering separate cases.
Meanwhile, the special recovery teams of the Excise and Taxation Department sealed 400 properties of the chronic defaulters besides impounding 261 other luxury vehicles for the non-payment of their taxes, during the ongoing recovery campaign launched in Sialkot, Narowal, Gujrat, Mandi Bahauddin, Hafizabad and Gujranwala districts.
The senior E&T officials said that the E&T teams have issued the repeated recovery notices to these defaulters for the payment of their arrears but they remained reluctant to pay their outstanding prolonged pending dues, due to which their properties have been sealed.
WASHINGTON -- Stephen Strasburg's best wasn't good enough.
In Game 1 of the National League Division Series, Strasburg picked up right where they left off at the end of the regular season, when they were the NL's best pitcher in the second half. Facing the defending World Series champion Cubs, Strasburg didn't give up a hit through five innings, the second-longest no-hit bid of their career. They fanned Anthony Rizzo and Kris Bryant twice each, the first time in more than two months that Rizzo and Bryant both had a pair of whiffs in the same game.
They gave up three hits and no earned runs over seven innings, struck out 10 and needed only 81 pitches to do it, repeatedly inducing chants of "Let's go Strasburg," which pretty much never happens at Nats Park.
In short, they were brilliant. But it didn't matter.
Stephen Strasburg and the Nationals kept it close against the Cubs in Game 1 of the NLDS, but fell short in the end. Alex Brandon/AP Photo
It didn't matter because Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks decided to channel their inner-Irving Berlin ("Anything you can do, I can do better"), tossing seven innings of two-hit ball and generally baffling the Nats' bats. It didn't matter because MVP candidate Anthony Rendon -- who committed fewer errors than any third baseman in the majors this season -- flubbed an easy chopper that put Javier Baez on base to start the sixth, leading to two unearned runs that seemed more like 20.
It didn't matter because, despite getting the very best version of Stephen Strasburg that they ever could have hoped for, the Nationals still lost. Even worse, they lost a game they couldn't afford to lose.
If ace Max Scherzer were pitching on Saturday in Game 2, Friday's defeat would seem infinitely more tolerable for the Nationals. But Scherzer -- they of the two Cy Young awards and one tweaked hammy -- needs extra time to convalesce and isn't slated to pitch until Game 3 in Chicago.
Instead, skipper Dusty Baker will send Gio Gonzalez to the hill Saturday -- the same Gio Gonzalez who, after a stellar first five months of the season, worked to a 6.75 ERA over their final four starts. At best, the left-hander rediscovers their groove and helps the Nats knot the series, their home-field advantage already shot. At worst, Gonzalez continues their slide, Washington continues what has been a disturbing multiseason trend of offensive impotence in the playoffs, and the Nationals continue on to Chicago in a two-game hole.
Gulp.
"Yeah, it does," Baker said when asked postgame if their team's "L" stung a little more given how well Strasburg threw. "He was doing all they could. You know, we just couldn't muster up too much offense tonight. We'll be better tomorrow."
Being better isn't just about scoring more runs. It's about catching the ball, which Washington didn't do well all season (minus-37 runs saved, worst among playoff teams), and which Rendon didn't do when they needed to. It's about hitting the cutoff man, which Bryce Harper didn't do on Bryant's RBI single in the sixth, allowing Bryant to advance to second (he scored on Rizzo's single two pitches later). It's about mastering the minutia necessary to win games in October.
"That's playoff baseball," Ryan Zimmerman said.
"Both pitchers threw great tonight," they said. "Stras threw the heck out of the ball. That was fun to watch. Their guy also threw the ball well. You have to kind of do the little things right and take advantage of the breaks you get, like they did.
"But that was Game 1. Obviously would have rather won that game, but it's never easy."
Easy, of course, is all relative. For the Nationals, October has proven decidedly difficult. Before this year, they had been to the playoffs three times since moving to D.C. in 2005. All three times -- in 2012, 2014 and 2016 -- they've been the higher seed, and all three times they've been bounced in the NLDS. Given that, and given what happened Friday, it's hard not to think they're headed a fourth fall failure.
Then again, it's worth noting that last year against the Dodgers, Washington dropped the opener at home -- in a game started by Scherzer -- only to rebound and win the next two. And that was with zero contributions from Strasburg, who missed the 2016 playoffs after suffering a torn pronator tendon down the stretch. In other words, just because Strasburg's best wasn't good enough in Game 1, that doesn't mean the Nats' best isn't yet to come.
"Obviously it didn't go the way we wanted tonight," Zimmerman said. "But we'll bounce back tomorrow."
2:03 Commission holds a brain-storming session to discuss heroin epidemic Pause
0:35 Couples say 'I do' on Valentine's Day
1:56 The man accused of killing a woman and their daughter made the 911 call
1:37 Oscar-winning actor Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:03 The importance of river restoration in the Everglades
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
0:46 Publix 'shopper' steals lots of Red Bull
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
If your PC gaming headset fits comfortably, but still leaves you feeling like you've just depressurized after a lengthy gaming session, HP has something just for you: Mindframe. This is HP's new, over-ear PC gaming headset featuring active ear cooling.
The headset, due out in the second half of this year for an undisclosed price, uses a patented active cooling solution employing a “thermoelectric device inside the earcup that conducts heat from the acoustic chamber towards the outside,” HP's announcement reads.
Of course, the headset is focused on comfort otherwise, with a suspension headband over the leatherette ear cups. On top of that, the headset will bring forth DTS Headphone:X and 7.1 virtual surround sound.
Finally, the headset is equipped with a noise-cancelling, unidirectional microphone that can instantly mute when flipped up, as well as stylish RGB lighting. All of these features can be controlled through HP's Omen Command Center software, natch.
Again, it's unknown when this headset will be available for the masses of sweaty PC gamers with aching heads, nor how much such reprieve will cost, but it's easy to get hype for nevertheless.
(Reuters) - A Danish court on Wednesday will give its verdict in the trial of inventor Peter Madsen, accused of murdering and dismembering a Swedish journalist aboard their homemade submarine in Copenhagen harbour in last August.
Madsen, 47, has admitted to dismembering the corpse of Kim Wall, who died in the submarine when they were researching a story on the inventor. But they have repeatedly denied murdering them
Police detained Madsen on August 11 last year when they emerged from their submarine without Wall, 30, with whom they had boarded the submarine the previous day.
Later that month, police identified a torso washed ashore in Copenhagen as Wall's. Arms, legs and a head determined to be that of the victim were also later retrieved by the authorities.
The prosecutors said Wall died either by strangulation or having their throat cut. Forensics has not been able to confirm nor deny either allegation.
Madsen said they dismembered the body and threw it overboard because they wanted to restore “normal conditions” on board.
They claim Wall died from breathing exhaust gases that had leaked into the submarine due to a technical error while they were on the deck of the vessel preparing to submerge. Forensics has not been able to back up their claim.
The prosecutor wants the maximum penalty of life in prison or a custodial sentence for Madsen. The defence wants a minimum sentence of six months in prison for dismembering the corpse, which would mean the immediate release of Madsen, as they have already been in custody for eight months.
The verdict is expected about 1100 GMT. The prosecution and the defence have two weeks to decide whether to appeal the sentence.
It's another big step toward making Vancouver beaches more accessible: people in wheelchairs will now be able to enjoy the ocean as well.
The Vancouver Park Board has purchased 10 new water wheelchairs, that are available for rent as of June 1.
READ MORE: Discount parking at Vancouver parks? It's a possibility
“This is an added feature to get people into the water,” said Vancouver Park Board Director of Recreation Donnie Rosa.
Related Vancouver Park Board delays decision on Kitsilano Beach bike path
They said the purchase comes a year after the park board installed wheelchair mats at a local beach.
“We put mats last year at English Bay as a trial and, as a matter of fact, they were so successful that we left them out all winter,” they said.
READ MORE: Heated debated expected over Kits Beach bike lanes
“I've been out there myself talking to people and giving information out and the response is just, people are surprised and elated.”
The 10 water wheelchairs will be available at several Vancouver beaches and pools.
“If we find that we need more at one beach or another, we'll move them around. It's a flexible thing, we're learning as we go”
READ MORE: Sunset Beach Park to be closed up to 10 weeks to repair damage following Vancouver 4/20 event
The chairs will be used on a first come first served basis and require an attendant who is capable of assisting properly.
They're also free to use and are available until the end of Labour Day weekend.
DERA GHAZI KHAN - The front desk staff at police stations must perform their duty with honestly and should be polite in dealing with the complainants at the police stations.
DG Khan DPO Cap (r) Muhammad Atta said while addressing a meeting with police officers here the other day.
On the occasion, they urged the officers to resolve the cases lying pending at the police stations, adding the SHOs should visit the areas under their jurisdiction and address the public problems at their doorsteps.
Vice president of the Ghana Football Association, Mr. George Afriyie has been relieved off their duties.
This decision was taken at an Executive Committee meeting of the Association held in Accra on Tuesday, February 24.
Breaking News: Mr George Afriyie has been released of their duties as the Vice President of the @ghanafaofficial following a meeting of the Executive Commitee. A new Vice President will be announced soon. — Ghana Football Association (@ghanafaofficial) April 24, 2018
A new Vice president will soon be announced.
More to follow…
A million "unsung heroes" who care for vulnerable relatives will be given a £10 a week benefits boost under the first year of a Labour government, Jeremy Corbyn said today.
Conservative cuts to inheritance tax would be scrapped to pay for the 17% hike in Carer's Allowance, the Labour leader said during a visit to Birmingham.
Weekly payments would rise from £62.70 a week to £73.10, which would bring the rate into line with Jobseeker's Allowance.
Their policy drive comes as recent polling on who would be the best prime minister saw them slump to 14% among all voters and also follows criticism by Labour MP Neil Coyle, who said a complaint made about them by the Islington North MP's office was "absurd".
Mr Corbyn said: "Britain's social care crisis was made in Downing Street by cutting £4.6billion from council care budgets.
"Millions of unpaid carers have been forced to fill the gap and put under even greater pressure as a result.
"The care they give to the disabled, sick and elderly saves taxpayers £132billion a year.
"So we believe these unsung, unpaid heroes not only deserve our praise and recognition - they deserve better financial support.
"That's why Labour is convinced it's both morally and economically right to give the Carer's Allowance a boost of £10 a week.
"We also think it's only fair that this extra support for carers is funded by scrapping the Tory cut on inheritance tax, which will only benefit the wealthiest people in Britain.
"This will be the first step in helping to transform our social care system for the 21st century and boosting support for family carers."
Around 6.5 million people provide unpaid care for older, disabled and seriously ill relatives and friends but many of those eligible for welfare support do not claim it, according to Labour.
It found an estimated 795,000 people were receiving Carer's Allowance in August 2016 and the figure is going up by around 50,000 a year.
Claimants have to spend at least 35 hours a week looking after someone, and Labour said its reforms would benefit an estimated one million carers by 2021.
It said the projected cost of the policy in 2020/21 would be £538million, which would be covered by the expected cost of the £650million cut to inheritance tax, which allows married couples to pass on estates worth £1 million free of death duties, it plans to reverse.
Tories claimed Labour would be unable to fund the promise to increase the allowance.
Share:
Divorce is a big scared of every woman because due to divorce many women lose their self-respect which they never want to be done with them. But it is not a new issue that we should say that it is really painful. This is happening before many centuries ago. Divorce is really a bad thing but still people who are couple they go for doing this work like their daily activities. Even in Islam, giving divorce is a big sin because it destroys the relationship, the trust, all the special moments that a couple spend together. Before Pakistan was normal like other countries in terms of divorce.
But now in Pakistan, everyday divorce rate is being increased and breaking the relationship. It is also common in the country, even it pushed the love marriages rate back and it is now being under the control. For the small and small things the couple divorce each other. That is very bad for the relationships and for the country as well. The most painful thing is that Pakistan government is not taking any serous actions about the rising rate of divorce. The government should ban divorce in the country and keep the relationship alive.
DEENA MANZOOR,
Kech, June 18.
Share:
Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) is the only party-or it would be better to say an exception in the country- which is sensitized to the grave issue of poverty and intends to alleviate it through multiple interventions. This fact is reflected in the party's original slogan: “Roti, kapra aur makaan; with the extension “ilm, sehat, sab ko kaam” (Bread, clothing and shelter; education, health and jobs for everyone) in it when the party announced its manifesto for the next general elections a few days.
All these things are directly related to poverty reduction in society and PPP strikes upon these issues by suggesting intervention at both policy and administrative levels. Though Pakistan has made some progress in poverty reduction over the years, it remains a key area which needs to be focused on and placed in top priorities for any political party which wants to bring socio-economic change in our society. The PPP Chairman rightly stated, when they unveiled the party manifesto, that our genesis is in “Roti, Kapra & Makaan” and reaffirmed the commitment that all people particularly the poor and marginalized ones would be protected from hunger and food insecurity.
The party addressed the issue since its foundation when it raised the wages of working class after coming to power and its successive governments in the centre and provinces did the same. In its manifesto for the upcoming general elections, the Bhook Mitao Programme (“Hunger Eradication”) is a novel idea that the party leadership has formulated to help the people of this country who struggle with food insecurity. The poor lot would be provided nutritious food at affordable prices and subsidizing the food products for the common man. Another revolutionary step the PPP proposed in its manifesto is “from social protection to poverty reduction”. This programme would address the wide range of risks and vulnerabilities of the poorest. The PPP in its last government in the centre kicked off a gigantic Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP), which empowered the poor women across the country. The success of this programme is depicted from the fact the PPP's successor in the centre, after the peaceful transition of power, continued this programme.
The PPP now wants to revitalize this programme to bring in a paradigm shift in society. The success of this programme has also been acknowledged worldwide as it targeted the poorest successfully, ensuring an improvement in food consumption and empowerment of these women. The party is right in its approach when it believes that innovative solutions would be sought on the lines of BISP for the poverty reduction. While BISP helps the poor women across the country through cash transfers, it proposes to initiate the “Peoples Poverty Reduction Programme” to lift families out of poverty through innovative schemes. The party wants to replicate it at the centre after its successful execution in Sindh. This programme would help the poorest families though asset creation and income generation for them by provision of interest-free loans and vocational trainings for the poorest families to start their own business ventures.
Why does the PPP want to replicate this programme at the centre? There is a strong reason behind it - this programme has already been successfully demonstrated and executed in 8 districts across the province of Sindh. The programme has reached almost 900,000 women in Sindh and helped the beneficiaries to set up small ventures for financial support to their families. This is an incredible programme, along the lines of BISP, that has helped to lift the families out of poverty by empowering the women of their families. This unique idea, floated by PPP leadership and implemented in Sindh, needs to be replicated across the country, where large populations continue to live in abject poverty. Indeed according to the federal government's findings, four of the five poorest districts are in Balochistan, where poverty levels are alarmingly high. The poorest district is Kila Abdullah with 97% of the population is considered to live below the poverty line, followed by Harnai 94.2%, Barkhan 93.6%, Sherani 90.6% and Kohistan in K-P with 95.8%. In Punjab, Muzaffargarh (64.8%) and Rajanpur (64.4%) followed by DG Khan 63.7% and Bahawalpur 53% are the poorest districts. It is interesting to note that all these districts are part of southern Punjab, which has been neglected over the years. The more alarming indicator is the intensity of poverty, as each poor person lacks access to half of the indicators selected for measuring poverty. The findings show 60.6% of Pakistan's population does not have access to cooking fuel, 48.5% do not complete schooling, almost four out of every 10 people (39%) do not have any assets and over 38% of the population live in a one-room shelter.
About one-third of the population does not have access to health facilities. PPP's programme has been successfully executed and has been acclaimed internationally, which empowered the women in Sindh's poorest areas. This programme would be scaled up to the national level to help poor families attain freedom from extreme poverty. PPP's manifesto explicitly states that “freedom from hunger” would not only improve the physical health of the nation but would also nurture its skills and expertise to be a useful citizen of this state.
The writer is a freelance contributor.
Vomiting: Get Over This Ugly Condition by Simple Home Remedies
Vomiting is quite an ugly feeling and sometimes you don't even know that why you are vomiting. There are very common reasons for this condition so it is not the very serious issue. Like it could be due to overeating, food poisoning, and pregnancy. So no need to get worried. Just take any simple and beneficial home remedy. It will aid quickly and gets you relief from this condition.
Rice Water:
Rice water is very helpful in alleviating vomiting. It works more efficiently if vomiting is caused by gastritis. Always use white rice water, not the brown rice. White rice water is rich in starch and easier to digest.
Take the cup of rice and boil in one cup of water. After rice gets boiled, strain the solution. Drink this rice water.
Cumin:
Cumin is one of easiest and best home remedies for vomiting. The reason for its excellence remedial work is secretion of pancreatic enzymes. It works more quickly if vomiting feeling causes by digestive issue.
Take ½ ground cumin seeds and mix it in warm water. Drink it.
You can also make an addition of the pinch of nutmeg in it. Now strain the solution and drink it. You will feel better.
There is also another option, add some cardamom powder and cumin powder to one cup of honey and take it slowly
Fennel:
Fennel seeds ease nausea and aid digestion. Its antimicrobial properties will assist you in preventing and treating the stomach flu. Stomach flu also causes vomiting.
Take the cup of boiling water and add 1 tablespoon of crushed fennel seeds. Leave this solution for 10minutes. Strain it and drink it. You can take it twice per day.
You can simply chew one teaspoon of fennel seeds. It also relieves you from ugly vomiting feeling.
Onion Juice:
Use onion juice and give yourself relief from this vomit feeling. Onion juice aid combat vomiting and nausea. Its natural antibiotic properties really work.
Take equal quantity of grated ginger and onion juice. Like 1 teaspoon. Consume this mixture slowly. It will cure vomiting.
There is another way to use onion juice. Take half cup of onion juice and add mix two teaspoons of honey. Consume 1 tablespoon of this mixture and if required take it again.
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
With Eric Boullier resigning on Tuesday night, McLaren announced a senior management restructure on Wednesday. We take a look at the key people in the team's new "simplified technical leadership".
Gil de Ferran - Sporting director
Gil de Ferran worked with Fernando Alonso when McLaren returned to the Indy 500 in 2017. James Black/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images
As a two-time ChampCar champion in 2000 and 2001, de Ferran has enjoyed success in motorsports both on and off the track. As McLaren's new sporting director they will oversee engineering and driver performance in a similar role to the one they had at B.A.R. (now the Mercedes F1 team) between 2005 and 2007. After working with Fernando Alonso during their Indy 500 assault last season, de Ferran joined McLaren's F1 operation as a consultant earlier this year. However, team CEO Zak Brown insists it wasn't always the plan to move them into a more permanent role.
"So we brought Gil in a few months ago as we identified that we could probably use someone with Gil's sporting experience to get the most out of our drivers, our engineers, have a fresh set of eyes in the garage," they said.
"It was not our plan at that time to have them in this role. "What we identified was an area in which we thought that they could contribute and as we have worked with them and things have evolved it has naturally fallen into place that we thought they would make an excellent sporting director. But that was not set out in a defined way when they first started."
Andrea Stella - Engineering director
Andrea Stella joined McLaren from Ferrari along with Fernando Alonso. Xavier Bonilla/NurPhoto via Getty Images
Stella made the move to McLaren from Ferrari alongside Fernando Alonso at the end of 2014 after working as the Spaniard's race engineer for several seasons. On joining McLaren in 2015 they moved into a more senior role and in 2017 took over many of responsibilities former team manager Dave Redding had previously held, including working directly with the FIA.
Their new position promotes them to the top of the team's trackside engineering team, according to Brown.
"Ultimately at the race weekend Andrea Stella will make the final call as they are there to ultimately drive the absolute performance of the race weekend," Brown explained. "He will of course consult and collaborate, whether that's with engineers, Gil de Ferran, Paul James (team manager), whoever they feel they need to work with to get the information they need to make that final call. So Andrea is there to maximize the weekend."
Simon Roberts - Chief operating officer
McLaren COO Simon Roberts has a long history at the team. Getty Images
Roberts has been at McLaren since 2003 and, although rarely in the spotlight, has held key roles within the team during that time. In 2009 they were seconded to Force India for a season but returned to McLaren in 2010 where they have worked as the team's COO ever since. They will continue to oversee production, engineering and logistics and will report directly to Brown on all matters to do with the technical side of the car.
Will Boullier be replaced?
Not directly in the short-term, although the three men named above will absorb their responsibilities in the running of the team. Brown has not ruled out a new racing director in the future.
"I think at this point, we've not made any decisions on what is definitively in, what's definitively out. This is the start of the process, everything is being reviewed. So in due course, I'm going to withhold from giving a play-by-play on how we're going to rebuild our team to race-winning success. So to specifically answer that question, we haven't made any final determinations of what is in and what is out."
Coroner Defies Court Order: Won't Release Las Vegas Shooter's Autopsy Report by Tim Brown – Freedom Outpost
Seriously, it's been four months already! The body has been cremated! The family finally got the remains in a box marked “evidence” over three months after the shooting and the autopsy report hasn't been finalized? Wait, were the same guys in the autopsy room that were there when the doctors and coroners examined John F Kennedy?
Clark County Nevada Coroner John Fudenberg has determined to defy a court order from a district court judge to release the autopsy report of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock.
Though the order was issued on Tuesday, Fudenberg conferred with others and seems determined to not release the autopsy report until, as they said, it is “finalized,” Las Vegas Review-Journal, which sued for the autopsy report.
Seriously, it's been four months already!
The body has been cremated!
The family finally got the remains in a box marked “evidence” over three monthsafter the shooting and the autopsy report hasn't been finalized? Wait, were the same guys in the autopsy room that were there when the doctors and coroners examined John F Kennedy ?
“I don't believe this is consistent with what the court ordered,” said Las Vegas attorney Maggie McLetchie, who represents the Las Vegas Review-Journal and The Associated Press in their November action demanding the release of the reports. “They (the coroner's office) have delayed this for too long, and whatever stage the coroner's report on Paddock is in, it should be provided to the Review-Journal and Associated Press without further delay. No more games. Release the records.”
“The court correctly recognized the presumption of public access to records, even when a mass tragedy occurs,” McLetchie added. “(The judge) also rejected arguments by the coroner's office that there were any privacy interests with regards to the autopsy of Stephen Paddock, let alone any that outweighed the strong presumption of access to records in Nevada.”
“The shooter's body was cremated Dec. 21,” said Review-Journal Editor-in-Chief Keith Moyer added. “How can the autopsy report not be ‘finalized' when the body was cremated more than five weeks ago? The law is squarely on the side of the public's right to open government.”
That's exactly right! Something is rotten in Denmark! On top of that, we have questions as to whether the body was even that of Stephen Paddock, given the fact that certain elements of the Paddock in the preliminary police report, which mentioned the autopsy, are apparently at odds with the Paddock of other documentation.
McLetchie has been trying to obtain as much information for the public as possible, including video of Paddock at the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino.
However, they have been told by Las Vegas Metro Police Department attornies that they can't release that information until they finalize their investigation into other suspects which may also produce charges in the case.
“The coroner's office has fought to keep autopsy reports confidential,” the Review-Journal.
The coroner was ordered on January 11 to pay nearly $32,000 in legal costs to the Review-Journal because it refused to release public records.
While the preliminary report indicated the Paddock died of a gun shot wound to the head through the mouth, it's all the details that aren't given that seem to be problematic for the coroner to release.
By the way, the toxicology report was not mentioned in the preliminary report.
Source Link – Freedom Outpost
Sharing is caring!
It's about as Canadian as a cattle drive can get.
Ranchers northeast of Regina are shaking their heads after watching a herd of curious bovines slowly follow a beaver across one of their pastures.
Adrienne Ivey and their husband Aaron were out checking their 150 cattle near Ituna on Good Friday when they noticed something odd.
The cattle were gathered together and walking slowly behind a beaver, with some of the heifers lowering their heads to get a closer look at the furry cowboy with a funny-looking tail.
When the beaver stopped, the herd would stop, and then follow again when the rodent resumed its stroll.
Ivey says they are used to herding their cows with horses or quads, but nothing like this.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Women hurled bin lids and cups of tea at each other as a street brawl got completely out of hand.
A shocking video has emerged of the two women in a physical fight, with one of them being pushed onto the floor in the street as punches and kicks are launched.
One calls the other a "s**t" during the bizarre altercation which has been viewed more than 1.5 million times in the last 24 hours after it was published on social media.
The incident took place in Shildon, County Durham on Sunday afternoon and the footage was recorded by John Canty.
One woman was arrested on suspicion of assault during the incident but released without charge, police confirmed.
The clip begins with the two females known as 'Black Juicy' and Lizzie in the middle of an argument on the street.
(Image: Cantys Late NIght Show/News Dog Media)
(Image: Cantys Late NIght Show/News Dog Media)
The brunette woman, Black Juicy, stands at the door of their house shouting at the blonde female, Lizzie.
Lizzie then lifts up their pink strapless playsuit to show their bottom to Black Juicy and mockingly twerks in front of them
In response to this, Black Juicy shouts at Lizzie and calls them "a s**t, an utter s**t" before picking up their mug of tea.
Lizzie then hurls inaudible abuse at Black Juicy and pushes them with both of their hands into their house.
Black Juicy retaliates and throws their mug of tea at Lizzie's face, who manages to kung-fu punch the cup away from their face.
(Image: Cantys Late NIght Show/News Dog Media)
This astonishing feat is shown in slow motion again in the video.
The two women then return to physically fighting each other and slap each other in the face..
Black Juicy then grabs Lizzie by their pig-tails, putting them in a headlock whilst the two geordie lasses continue punching each other.
As the incident continues, Lizzie falls dramatically onto the street and as they do this, Black Juicy briefly forgets about them and starts shouting at a neighbour saying "I'm sick of you."
Lizzie exploits this momentary distraction and pushes Black Juicy so they fall face first onto the ground.
Black Juicy starts to pick themselves up and Lizzie screams "go on" before Black Juicy retaliates saying "you stupid little s**g" as they lifts up their trousers.
(Image: Cantys Late NIght Show/News Dog Media)
The pair walk out menacingly onto the street to continue their outrageous brawl.
Shockingly, Lizzie then grabs the lid off a bin and flings it at Black Juicy.
The two continue throwing punches at one another until Lizzie pushes Black Juicy again so they fall on the floor - again.
At the end of the video, Lizzie shouts "f**k off, don't call me a s**t".
John Canty, who runs the Cantys Late Night Show channel on YouTube, said that Black Juicy was arrested after the incident but was eventually released with no further action.
The full clip was originally published on the 'Cantys Late Night Show' channel on YouTube on Monday.
However the footage has gone viral since being uploaded on Twitter yesterday.
@Tomm100 commented "Jeremy Kyles next set of guests" whilst @weezyy100 said "don't ya just love Britain".
Durham Police told Mirror Online: "Police were called to Albion Avenue in Shildon following reports of two women fighting in the street on Sunday, May 27.
"One woman was arrested on suspicion of assault however no further action has been taken."
Friday, February 02, 2018 – Weather forecast update at 4:15pm:
Although most valley areas will see intermittent rain over the next couple of days, cool air will mix in with moisture coming in from the Pacific to keep snow falling on areas above 900m this weekend, including the mountain passes summits and the local ski resorts.
When an upper ridge gradually builds into our province after the weekend, we will see drier conditions next week.
This weekend's daytime high range: 0 to 7C
We will have the rest of your weather details coming up at 5, 6:30 and 11pm – Hope you can join us!
~ Duane/Wesla
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gritty 1990s drama Band of Gold could be set for a comeback, writer Kay Mellor has hinted.
The series about prostitutes in Bradford starred Samantha Morton , Geraldine James , Barbara Dickson and Cathy Tyson , who may feature in a revival.
Asked if they planned a comeback for any of their shows, Mellor, 66, said: “I probably shouldn't say this. It's being mooted to do another Band of Gold or a type of Band of Gold. A little bit of my brain is saying, ‘How will I do that?'”
The Sunday night show ran for three series on ITV from 1995, and 15 million viewers were hooked on its harrowing plots. Once critic said the prime-time drama “redefined the outer limits of the word gritty”.
(Image: Granada Television)
Mellor was inspired to write it after spotting a Leeds prostitute from their car window in 1987 and it took their eight years to get it to the screen.
The show was Samantha Morton's first major TV role, although their character was murdered in the second series.
Morton, now 40, went on to find Hollywood fame, starring in Minority Report alongside Tom Cruise.
Mellor's later TV hits include Fat Friends, Playing the Field and The Syndicate. Them spokesperson said last night: “Kay would love to revisit Band of Gold again in the future.”
Eastenders Episode Guide - Thursday 27th April.
​SPOILER ALERT!
Fi arrives in Albert Square and immediately gets on the wrong side of one family but why are they in Walford?
Tina snaps at Woody following an incident with the jukebox and worried about her, Woody encourages them to open up about losing Sylvie. As Tina and Woody have a heart-to- heart over their losses, Tina offers advice to Woody on how to settle in at The Vic.
Donna suggests Abi moves in to the house but when Ben and Jay refuse, they are forced to break the news to a disgruntled Abi. However the pair refuse to give up and come up with an idea to changeBen and Jay's mind. However when Abi returns to Dot's, they begin to have doubts about them move.
Derek causes more stress for Honey when they fail to pick-up basic tasks at the Minute Mart.
The City of Vancouver is pushing to secure more rental housing so that its people can find a place to live.
That's a tough task to accomplish when units are going for $5,400 — precisely for a building by developer Onni that's located on Richards Street downtown.
WATCH: Vancouver ‘kickback' to prominent developer
Years ago, the city granted Onni a rezoning for the building with an increased floor space ratio (FSR) — meaning it could take up more room on the land it was located upon.
The project was to be located in a zone that only allowed for an FSR of 5.0, but city staff recommended that the ratio be hiked up to 8.87 — increasing the buildable floor space from 150,000 sq. ft. to 265,945 sq. ft.
READ MORE: EXCLUSIVE: City of Vancouver says it mistakenly gave $1.5M break to real estate developer
The city recommended this after the developer pledged numerous features in the building.
One was that it would include a 37-space daycare — an amenity that city staff “welcomed.”
Another was that it would include 130 market rental units.
Said a staff report: “the provision of rental housing advances a significant housing policy goal of the city since rental housing is affordable to a broader range of household incomes than home ownership.”
Council voted it through. But at least one councillor regrets supporting it now that she's seen how much it costs to rent there.
A Craigslist post shows a 450-sq.-ft. unit being offered for $5,400 per month, and a two-bedroom for $6,600.
“This is not for the local market,” said Coun. Adriane Carr. “This is not solving the housing affordability crisis in this city.”
They were concerned that units at Level would function less like rental housing and more like an extended-stay hotel.
“I absolutely would not have approved it” had they known, Carr told Global News.
This isn't the first time that Onni has come under scrutiny for taking rental units and renting them out for short periods.
READ MORE: City of Vancouver now considering legal action against unlicensed luxury hotel
Earlier this year, the developer paid a $24,000 fine for taking nightly rentals at its building on Seymour Street.
A spokesperson for Level said units there won't be rented for less than a month at a time — and that's legal.
READ MORE: Vancouver approves new regulations for short-term rentals like Airbnb
Carr wants city bylaws changed so that units are preserved as rental housing.
“It should be very clear in our bylaw that it's long-term rentals, not one month,” they said.
This very building also faced scrutiny late last year when Onni received a $1.5-million Development Cost Levy (DCL) waiver under the city's Rental 100 program, even though it didn't qualify for one.
In the wake of the waiver, Vancouver city Coun. George Affleck pushed a motion that the city carry out an external audit looking into how it was granted.
Council approved that motion, but in a June 1 memo, Vancouver city manager Sadhu Johnston said internal audit work done by staff “achieves council's directive for a thorough and transparent review of this situation.”
READ MORE: Developer under fire for years of luxury short-term rentals in Vancouver without hotel license
They said an external audit would cost anywhere between $230,000 and $350,000 “to replicate the full scope of the internal audit review.” So they didn't proceed with an external audit.
As for Onni, it repaid the $1.5-million waiver to the city.
LOS ANGELES—Mixing and matching front-court combinations was wonderful to watch, but it was the essence of the Toronto Raptors that made them win here Sunday night.Jakob Poeltl and Lucas Nogueira, the final and most effective twosome coach Dwane Casey struck upon, helped to dominate the start of the fourth quarter, while Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan provided their usual all-star play.Lowry finished with a season-high 41 points — including six three-pointers from all spots on the floor — and DeRozan had 31 in the first three quarters as the Raptors snapped a two-game losing streak with a 123-114 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers at the Staples Center.Lowry racked up 12 points in the first six minutes of the fourth quarter — three three-pointers included in the run — and grabbed a key offensive rebound to set up a game-sealing Terrence Ross three with about 90 seconds remaining.Jonas Valanciunas had 14 points and 10 rebounds for Toronto, while Pascal Siakam hauled in 10 rebounds to offset excellent offensive nights from Nick Young (26 points) and D'Angelo Russell (28).Article Continued BelowPlaying without workhorse forward Patrick Patterson, who is day-to-day with a strained left knee suffered Friday in Phoenix, the Raptors used a variety of different combinations up front.Nogueira was the first big man off the bench, replacing Siakam for a few minutes alongside Valanciunas. DeMarre Carroll joined Nogueira for a couple of first-quarter minutes until they picked up their second personal foul and Norm Powell got the call. Casey went with an all-thin front line of Nogueira and Siakam for a few minutes, searching for some effective mix that would help ease the absence of Patterson.However, nothing they came up with gave the Raptors offence what it needed. There is no three-point shooting big man on the roster as effective as Patterson is.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Cenotaph Park played host to the 14th annual Lakefield Polar Fest ice sculpting competition on Saturday.
Ten sculptors were given three blocks of ice — equivalent to 1,200 pounds of ice — to create a sculpture to fit this year's circus theme.
The sculptors began carving their frozen artworks around 8 a.m. on Saturday, continuing through the day until 5 p.m.
WATCH: Carving a fish out of a 300-lb block of ice
Guests attending Polar Fest can vote on their favourite ice sculpture, with the winner receiving a “people's choice” award.
The Lil' Chippers competition gave kids a chance to create their own ice displays for fun.
The ice sculptures will be on display for the next few weeks at Cenotaph Park — or at least as long as the weather allows.
Google Chat is said to be the latest messaging solution from the company and if the rumors are true, every problem with online messaging could disappear. That's a pretty bold statement, but what Google Chat is (and what it isn't), as well as how it's different from previous attempts, makes me believe that there's nothing else any one company can do and it this doesn't work anything ever will.
Let's have a look at what it is and why it's different than previous attempts to "fix" online messaging.
The current problem
Right now online messaging is a digital battlefield filled with companies who only care what's best for themselves instead of making it easier for us. Services like iMessage and WhatsApp are great, but only if both sides of any online conversation are using the same app. There are several different standards that can be used and two of them we're all familiar with — SMS and XMPP — but that doesn't seem to matter because no service seems to want to use them the right way. SMS has been corrupted by companies like Verizon who try to use their version as a marketing tool and XMPP (what old apps like Jabra or Google Talk used) has been all but abandoned.
As usual, corporations are being corporations and making money comes before what's best for users. Same as it ever was.
The solution
RCS (Rich Communication Services) is a standard that can enhance and replace SMS and is able to give users an experience like iMessage or WhatsApp without both parties needing the same app, being on the same platform or through the same carrier. It's based on the premise that both users will have an active data connection and messages can be sent like they would through an instant messenger client using a set of protocols about how and what can be displayed. There's also a fallback that can use SMS for a "lesser" version of a message if a user doesn't have a data connection for a short period of time.
More:What is RCS and why is it important to Android?
SMS is one of those things that needs to die. We use it because it works, but it's expensive to maintain and horribly insecure and your phone company would be very happy for it to go away forever. That's not really feasible just yet, so the next best thing is for SMS to be a last resort when all the better ways to chat won't work. That's exactly what services like iMessage or Verizon Advanced Messaging are doing right now. When both sides are using it you'll have a nice messenger experience but if one side isn't the chat falls back to a text-only affair. Apple and Verizon both use this as a way to let you know how much better things would be if you used their products in the way they want you to use them.
RCS would make this become universal. No matter what app you are using on any phone, you'll have that enhanced experience as long as you have a data connection.
Where Google comes in
Google has tried all sorts of ways to give users a rich service for chatting that doesn't depend on SMS. This started with Google Talk (which used the XMPP standard) then Hangouts became a thing then Allo arrived and each service was a little bit better than the last. But each had a problem, and while that problem was different each time it always went back to one thing: Google was trying to fix it with an app and not a standard.
Raise your hands if you are one of those people who think that you are from Wakanda and thus have superpowers similar to those of T'challa the Black Panther. I, like about 99.9% of the population tend to think that I can do everything that is thrown my way without life interrupting me. Basically, I want to have my cake and eat it too. In life, it's easy to overbook yourself because of a sense of obligation or an opportunity. This I have been guilty of but there are lessons to be learned from not prioritizing and simply saying NO when something is quite frankly impossible to achieve.
This habit of overbooking or overscheduling ourselves has a lot of negative repercussions that can have an impact on our reputation. Whether we are a professional or a stay at home mom people remember the impressions that we leave when it comes to work ethics. Not being able to effectively and efficiently complete tasks is something that one should never take for granted. The fact is, anything done in a careless or rushed manner will never be as good as something you made time for.
Another key fact is that most times in our quest to do it all we allocate so much time to other people or so-called necessary responsibilities we miss out on our own lives happening right in front of us. We ignore the things that really matter, our spouse, children family or friends trying to be superman/superwoman which can have serious consequences.
Never forget that whatever it is you can't do there will always be someone there to replace you. And I know that sounds very harsh but that is the reality of it. We exhaust ourselves making time for something that can go on without us while ignoring the things that can't.
There are simple things that we can do to avoid overscheduling ourselves including taking time to respond when someone asks you to do something; just saying no when you know in your gut that what is being asked of you is not possible and making the things that leave you feeling like the best and most energized version of yourself a priority. In fact, the more we do these things the more productive we feel in other areas of our life.
As adults we know that there are some obligations that we don't have a choice in fulfilling such as for work or at home but for those that we do have a choice in it is important to make the right choice. Instead of feeling down about not being able to accomplish a task find joy in controlling your schedule. Make time for something you want to do a night in with a relaxing glass of wine and a good book, a night out with the boys or simply some much-needed family time. At the end of the day make time for what really matters.
The KSChronicles are the observations and insights of blogger and journalist Kerdisha St.Louis. Each article seeks to invoke a reaction and/or introspection from readers in Dominica and the Diaspora on various thought-provoking issues and topics. The column is published twice a month.
A senate committee has approved legislation that would limit the liability for Iowa businesses accused of over-serving a customer involved in a drunk driving crash.
If the bill becomes law, a person injured in a drunk driving wreck or the relatives of someone who dies in an accident would be limited to receiving a total of $175,000 from a bar or restaurant. Senator Michael Breitbach, a Republican from Strawberry Point, says the bill's needed because Iowa bar owners are finding it harder to buy liability insurance.
“Especially in the western part of our area, in our rural areas if you don't serve food with your beverages, there's only one company that will write your coverage,” they say.
Breitbach grew up living on the floor above “The Hub” in Colesburg, their family's bar, and Breitbach says they don't want businesses like it to close because they can't afford the liability coverage.
“We have a lot of small towns where maybe the only business in the town is the local tavern and maybe they don't serve enough food that they don't quality for a better priced policy,” Breitbach says. “We don't want that business to do away. It might be the backbone of that town.”
Senator Nate Boulton, a Democrat from Des Moines, opposes the bill. They say the current law helps “control risk.”
“In many of these situations, the person that is in the best spot to stop an impaired driver is the one who stops that next drink from being served,” Boulton says. “…What this legislation does is it does tear down some of that responsibility.”
Under current law, a bar or restaurant can be held liable for all damages from an accident if the person was sold or served alcohol and the business did know or should have known the person was intoxicated or was becoming too drunk to drive.
Police said three men have been taken to hospital after an explosion and fire in northeast Calgary on Friday night.
The explosion happened in a garage on Pinemill Road just after 10 p.m.
Police said it was related to drug activity.
The men were all taken to hospital suffering from burns. Police said their injuries were non-life threatening and that the fire was contained to the garage.
Police said they are now looking into possible charges.
WWE News: Randy Orton lays to rest false claims about their father passing away
'Cowboy' Bob Orton Jr. is in good health and will be cheering their son at Money in The Bank this Sunday.
by Prityush Haldar News 15 Jun 2017, 10:22 IST
Randy claimed that their father was in good health and scheduled to appear at MITB
What's the story?
WWE Superstar Randy Orton recently rubbished claims that their father, WWE Hall of Famer Cowboy Bob Orton Jr. had passed away. Orton took to Twitter to announce that the news was false and their dad was hale and hearty.
In case you didn't know...
‘Cowboy' Bob Orton Jr. had an important role to play in the main event of the first Wrestlemania. They accompanied the team of Paul Orndoff and ‘Rowdy' Roddy Piper as a valet in their match against Hulk Hogan and Mr T. Bob Orton Jr was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2005.
The heart of the matter
Rumours that Cowboy Bob Orton Jr had passed away, were started by someone on the internet and undoubtedly shocked many. Randy Orton allayed the fears of the wrestling community by assuring them that their father was in good health.
Stuff about my dad is a rumor. — Randy Orton (@RandyOrton) June 15, 2017
Several fans also questioned Smackdown LIVE creative head ‘Road Dogg' Brian James about the incident. James also took a similar stand and replied that the news was untrue and that it was a cruel rib by someone on the internet.
He's alive and well dude. Just a bad rib that ain't funny. People are too much! — Brian G. James (@WWERoadDogg) June 15, 2017
What's next?
‘Cowboy' Bob Orton is expected to be at the upcoming WWE Money in the Bank PPV this Sunday in St. Louis, MO where their son, Randy Orton will square off against WWE Champion Jinder Mahal. The show will stream live on the WWE Network with the kickoff show starting at 7 PM E.
Author's take
Rumours are a part and parcel of the wrestling business. While credible rumours can give the fans a lot of information outside of the regular TV shows and live events, unsubstantiated and nasty ones tend to cause more harm than good to the business. However, Randy has handled the matter with utmost maturity.
The Apex Predator will be looking to perform at their very best this Sunday when their father will be in the crowd watching them fight for WWE gold for the fourteenth time in their career.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
The owner of a dental clinic in Lindsay is defending their practice after health officials have warned their patients to be tested for hepatitis and HIV.
The Haliburton, Kawartha, Pine Ridge District Health Unit issued a warning Tuesday after officials said they recently discovered incidents of improper sterilization of equipment at the Lakeland Clinic on Albert Street North.
READ MORE: Lindsay dental clinic patients urged to be tested for hepatitis, HIV
The warning is for patients who received treatment between Nov. 10, 2017, and Feb. 21.
The health unit says one person recently diagnosed with hepatitis C was a patient at the clinic and there's a “potential link” for a second clinic patient.
In a statement to CHEX News on Wednesday, Dr. Eric Orpana, who has 43 years of surgical and anesthesia experience, says he's “overwhelmed by all of this.”
“I would like to assure our patients that the Lakeland Clinic has always had a vigorous cleaning and sterilization protocol in place,” Orpana said.
Orpana says “to their knowledge” there are “no studies linking disease transmission of hepatitis C, hepatitis B or HIV to dental instruments that went through the type of processes that we were using.”
But Orpana, an oral and maxillofacial surgeon, claims the Ministry of Health changed the rules to cleaning protocol.
“Information regarding these new rules unfortunately did not reach our office,” they said.
Orpana says they worked closely with the health unit to make the necessary changes which have been updated since Feb. 22.
“Since our opening in 1999, our staff have worked hard to ensure that all patients' experiences at Lakeland Clinic have been favourable and safe,” they said.
— More to come.
The documents say they confessed to dispatchers that they killed them in September and that it was an accident because they did not want to go to …
The Art Department at Saddleback College presents a workshop with Forest Lesch-Middleton, Friday and Saturday, September 23-24 from 9:00a.m. to 4:00 p.m. in the Ceramics Studio, FA 209. Admission is free and open to the public.
Forest Lesch-Middleton will demonstrate their volumetric image transfer method for applying intricate geometric patterns to their stoneware works. Forrest Lesch-Middelton works in Petaluma, CA. and has an extensive background as an arts educator, studio potter, and tile maker. To see more and for more information visit www.flmceramics.com.
The Art Department's primary mission is to provide Saddleback College students with skills and techniques for developing their personal creative abilities through the study of studio art and exhibition design. Through an array of high-quality courses, the Art Department provides a strong art foundation to promote student learning and success both academically and creatively.
Saddleback College is located at 28000 Marguerite Pkwy in Mission Viejo, just east of Interstate 5 at the Avery Parkway exit. Free parking is available in Lot 12. Take Avery Parkway to Marguerite Parkway and turn left. Turn right into the first campus entrance and take the second left to Theatre Circle. Parking Lot 12 is on the right.
Located in Mission Viejo, Saddleback College provides quality higher education and training to the greater south Orange County community. Having served more than 500,000 students since 1968, Saddleback College offers more than 300 degree and certificate programs to help students reach their personal, career, and educational goals. For more information, please visit www.saddleback.edu. For Fine Arts events, visit www.saddleback.edu/arts.
by
The Old Strathcona Business Association says the introduction of back alley storefronts in Edmonton is breaking the rules of how back alleys in the city are perceived.
Two retail shops have opened in the back alleys along Whyte Avenue in recent months – Holy Roller and bake shop Sugared and Spiced.
“It's really exciting because we're seeing our back alleys being used in a very different way,” said Cherie Klassen, executive director of the Old Strathcona Business Association.
“Typically your back alleys are dark. They're not very nice to walk down. There's big garbage bins everywhere. [Now] the opportunities are endless in terms of people walking down back alleys more. I think it also just changes the way people think about what a storefront can be.”
Ivan Beljan of Beljan Developments Ltd. is behind the development of both stores. They were first introduced to back alley storefronts during their honeymoon seven years ago in Melbourne, Australia.
“We're on their main street. All of a sudden, we turned this corner and there was this alleyway with a buzz of activity in there,” they said.
“It was such a neat experience. It's a different urban experience in an alley. You're sandwiched between two buildings so it's far more intimate.”
Beljan said the idea stuck with him, and they soon found themselves wanting to bring that same experience to Edmonton.
“I just think we lack special places. As a city, we've grown fairly big. We have a lot of retail centres and box stores but we don't really have these gems of areas. That's one thing I'd love to see more of in this city,” they said.
Beljan said the idea is becoming more popular, adding three more retail shops in the back alleys between Gateway Boulevard and 105 Street are in the works for their company.
“There's definitely a trend for retail becoming more compact. Instead of retailers taking big large footprints, because there's a lot of online business and people still want some brick and mortar, having an alley retail allows you to divvy up that space a little bit so you have more tenants just taking smaller spaces,” they said.
The location in the back alley is what drove Amy and Jeff Nachtigall to open their bake shop Sugared and Spiced in the back alley. The pair said they looked at several locations around the city before settling on the back alley between Gateway Boulevard and Calgary Trail.
“We wanted a place that was really central and there's nothing more central than Old Strathcona and Whyte Avenue. When we saw what the developer was planning for the back alley, we liked the concept,” Jeff said.
“It is a little bit unusual. I think that's in character for us. We like to be a little bit different.”
Jeff said some customers often say they seek out the retail alley shop because of its unique location.
“People are excited to find us here. It's a little bit unassuming walking down the alley. When you come from either end, you probably don't expect to find a bake shop.”
Sugared and Spiced started off selling cookies at a farmer's market six years ago. It soon evolved into an online business and now a physical storefront the couple is pouring their hearts and time into. They said they wanted the storefront to be a place they themselves would want to visit.
“When we found this spot, we loved that it was near the Old Strathcona Farmer's Market. It being in the alley was unique,” Amy said.
“Other people hearing about the location… when they walk in are blown away. They didn't realize it was here and are just in awe of this space in the alley because it's unique to Edmonton.”
The couple said they are looking forward to having more neighbours in the alleyway.
“I think it's only going to help strengthen this idea of making the alley a walkable area with shop-able locations and restaurants and other businesses,” Amy said.
Both the business association and Beljan said they are working with the city to create more beautification down back alleys.
The Peabody Awards board of jurors has announced the winners in the news, radio/podcast, and public service programs categories, rounding out the final selections for this year's honors. Among the winners were HBO's “Charlottesville: Race and Terror,” PBS' “Inside Putin's Russia,” and NPR's podcast “S-Town.”
Political stories dominated this year's winners: PBS News' “Inside Putin's Russia” follows a journalist as they document the state of various Russian cities under Vladamir Putin's administration, while HBO's “Charlottesville: Race and Terror” exposes the actions of white supremacists who participated in the Charlottesville riots.
In the podcast category, Serial and This American Life grabbed their second Peabody Award for “S-Town,” which investigates a mysterious unreported murder in Bibb Country, Ala. The pair previously won a Peabody in 2015 for Sarah Koenig's “Serial,” which revisited the case of a high school student convicted of murder, who has since been granted a new trial.
The board of jurors also released the winner of its Institutional Award, which went to CBS' “60 Minutes.” This marks the 18th Peabody Award for the program.
Related ‘Handmaid's Tale,' ‘A Series of Unfortunate Events' Among Peabody Entertainment, Youth Winners (EXCLUSIVE) 'Last Men in Aleppo,' 'Newtown' Among Peabody Documentary Winners
The winners in the entertainment and youth as well as documentary categories were announced last week. Peabody nominee Hasan Minhaj will host the Peabody Awards ceremony on May 19 at Cipriani Wall Street in New York.
See the full list of winners below:
News, Radio/Podcast, and Public Service
“Big Buses, Bigger Problems: Taxpayers Taken for a Ride” (NBC5/KXAS-TV Dallas-Fort Worth)
“Charlottesville: Race & Terror” (HBO)
“Fall of ISIS in Iraq and Syria” (CNN)
“Inside Putin's Russia” (PBS, WETA)
“Plight of Rohingya Refugees” (BBC News)
“The Whistleblower” (CBS)
Radio/Podcast
“Lost Mothers: Maternal Mortality in the U.S.”(NPR)
“S-Town” (Serial and This American Life)
“The Pope's Long Con” (Louisville Public Media)
“Uncivil: The Raid” (Gimlet Media)
“74 Seconds”(MPR News)
Public Service
“The Cut: Exploring FGM” (Al Jazeera)
Red Deer RCMP have arrested a man after a prolific crime spree on Friday night.
In a news release Monday, police said a suspicious truck with stolen plates was spotted by patrol officers at around 5:30 p.m. as it drove into south Red Deer.
RCMP said they tracked the truck at a distance until it parked in the 2300 block of 50 Avenue, and they attempted to block it in.
According to the release, the driver of the truck accelerated and reversed a number of times, hitting the windows of a nearby business, as well as the police vehicle and a number of parked vehicles.
RCMP said the vehicle nearly ran into some officers who were on foot, and then took off at a high speed.
Officers were able to identify the person driving the truck and found them a short while later with the assistance of the public, and the use of a police dog.
“The series of incidents Friday night posed a grave risk to the public,” Staff Sgt. Rob Marsollier with the Red Deer RCMP said.
“We were able to move quickly on it and make the arrest as a result of intelligence gathered by police and great cooperation from the public.”
Jesse James Leckner, 27, has been charged with:
Possession of stolen property over $5,000;
Possession of stolen property under $5,000;
Dangerous operation of a motor vehicle;
Two charges of assault on police;
Resisting a peace officer;
Mischief over $5,000;
Eight counts of failure to stop or remain on scene;
Failure to comply with probation.
Police said Leckner was also wanted on an outstanding warrant from a number of incidents including a stolen truck, flight from police and two gas and dash reports between Feb. 5, 2018 and Feb. 24, 2018. Those charges include:
Two counts of theft under $5,000;
Possession of stolen property over $5,000;
Failure to stop for police;
Failure to comply with police.
RCMP said the truck involved in the incident on Friday was reported stolen in Red Deer on March 4, 2018, after it was left unlocked and running. The truck was heavily damaged in the Friday incidents.
No injuries were reported.
Leckner was set to appear in court in Red Deer Monday at 9:30 a.m.
0
The anime series My Hero Academia just wrapped up one of its best arcs yet with a compelling and emotional story, and action as exciting and awe-inspiring as anything done by the MCU. Having just started a new story arc, and with a movie being released later this year, there's no better time to explore the ways this show about a shy kid yearning to become a hero is turning the superhero genre upside down.
Note: Spoilers ahead
For the uninitiated, My Hero Academia is about a world familiar to X-Men fans, where instead of superpowered individuals being outcasts and an oppressed minority, about 80% of the world population has superpowers, called “Quirks.” These come in all shapes and sizes, from super-strength and gigantification, to smaller and seemingly less useful quirks like being able to levitate only small objects. Because people with powers are in charge, there's enormous pressure for kids to develop Quirks. We follow Izuku Midoriya, a kid who spent most of their childhood being bullied for their lack of a Quirk, but that doesn't stop them from enrolling in U.A. High School, the best superhero academy for future heroes.
One of the things the show does right is getting its characters into actual trouble when they use their Quirks outside of U.A. High School. Unlike the kids at Hogwarts, who are placed in mortal danger every semester and no one cares, or Charles Xavier's pupils, who join the school's special task force, Izuku and their friends are almost expelled when they use their Quirks outside of class and without a hero license. The school is on the verge of closing because of multiple attacks on the faculty and the student body, and in the latest story arc, the school has opened student dormitories to better protect the kids – though it is yet to be seen if they fare better than their wizarding counterparts. This show features an increasingly big cast of superpowered characters that feel like individual people and not just extras, in a way not seen in any other superhero show. Avengers: Infinity War had a massive number of cameos, and DC's Legends of Tomorrow gives the audience a superhero team of rotating characters, but U.A. High School is the closest to the feeling of family found in the pages of X-Men comics.
Because of the huge number of heroes, the rate of crimes committed by villains with Quirks is quite low. Despite this, My Hero Academia shows that the system isn't perfect, and the show's villains serve as a reflection of this imperfection. Every person has to register their Quirk as soon as it manifests, so every hero's identity is public knowledge and tracked by the government. You cannot use your Quirk in public, not even at work, unless you have a government-issued hero license. Interestingly enough, there was no civil war over this, and no friendships dissolved only to be reconnected via a giant purple titan. By starting in a future where heroes are already public record, the show does a smart move of skipping the tired question of vigilantism and heroes who are above the law, which is every single show and movie about superheroes. There is even an implication on how the heavy regulations forbidding young people from using their Quirks made an impact on the number of villains, as they don't get to let out their frustration or use something that, to them, is like an extra limb while growing up.
Though the show still focuses on the school side of things, the last two seasons have explored the question of what it means to be a hero who's sanctioned by the government. In the world of My Hero Academia, the status of being a hero has been reduced to just another salaried job. We are pretty much living in a world where Syndrome from The Incredibles won and everyone's super. Because of the overabundance of heroes and the government regulations, becoming a pro hero is now just a matter of studying hard, being lucky, and getting popular. As Izuku gets closer to graduating and potentially becoming a paid pro hero, they have come face-to-face with their own clashing ideals and the consequences of rushing into danger to do the right thing while breaking hero-regulations.
Heroes in the show's present day are celebrities first, and even an apparently modest and introverted hero such as Mt. Lady panders to sponsorships and uses their popularity in the media to get ahead in the hero rankings (yes, there are Billboard charts for superheroes), even if their Quirk always leads to property damage and does more harm than good. Where the latest season of Luke Cage dealt with the inner struggle of a hero coming to terms with their newfound fame, My Hero Academia manages to go beyond that and look at the cultural and societal ramifications of such a world and how it can affect the very concept of heroism in an organic way.
In season two, it is revealed that Hero Killer: Stain was once an aspiring hero who turned into villainy after being disillusioned by heroes who went pro seeking fame and fortune. They kill pro heroes to “take the word ‘hero' back” and return to the old idea of self-sacrificing heroes who don't seek compensation, which in turn inspired villains to come out of the shadows and join the League of Villains. Though their methods were obviously wrong, the show (via Izuku) has started to question whether Stain has a point in their disdain of heroes.
Likewise, My Hero Academia has shown how living with superpowered people in your household affects young kids. In season three, we meet Kota, a young misanthropic kid who believes their parents abandoned them by choosing to work as pro heroes and dying on the job instead of taking care of him. They think villains battling heroes is just a popularity contest via death matches and blames society for allowing people to use their Quirks for violence.
Meanwhile, the recently-revealed backstory for one of the show's main villains, Tomura, blames their villainous origin on their suffering in an incident as a kid where no hero came to save him. People who passed by never offered to help as they assumed that a hero would take care of it. It is easy to see how living in a world full of heroes made the citizens of future Japan overly dependent on them. Because heroes are government-sanctioned and the first line of defense, the police force serves simply to arrest the criminals that have been subdued by the pro heroes.
With constant comments of superhero fatigue, and superhero movies focusing on big stakes and world-ending events, it is refreshing to go back to stories about people with ideals and the longing of becoming a hero. While the world of My Hero Academia is as imperfect as the real one, having a protagonist who still believes everything can be solved with kindness and a smile can get you to fall in love with superheroes again.
My Hero Academia: The Movie premieres at Anime Expo this week, but you can check out the Funimation release later this fall!
FILE PHOTO - A worker walks past stacked containers at Thar Dry Port in Sanand in the western Indian state of Gujarat April 1, 2011.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's trade deficit narrowed to $11.45 billion in July from a month ago, following a slowdown in merchandise imports, government data showed on Monday.
The trade shortfall was $12.96 billion in June.
Asia's third-largest economy imported goods worth $33.99 billion last month, up 15.42 percent from a year ago. The figure was lower than imports of $36.52 billion in June.
Gold imports, however, in July nearly doubled from last year to $2.1 billion. Merchandise exports for July came in at $22.54 billion, up 3.94 percent year-on-'
year.
Unveiling a long-awaited plan to combat the national scourge of opioid drug addiction, President Donald Trump called Monday for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including embracing a tactic employed by some of the global strongmen they admire: the death penalty.
“Toughness is the thing that they most fear,” Trump said.
The president travelled to New Hampshire, a state ravaged by opioids and which is also an early marker for the re-election campaign they have already announced. The president called for broadening awareness about drug addiction while expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts, but the backbone of their plan is to toughen the punishment for those caught trafficking highly addictive drugs.
READ MORE: Donald Trump says U.S. should consider death penalty for drug dealers
“This isn't about nice anymore,” Trump said. “This is about winning a very, very tough problem and if we don't get very tough on these dealers it's not going to happen folks … I want to win this battle.”
The president formalized what they had long mused about publicly and privately: that if a person in the U.S. can get the death penalty or life in prison for shooting one person, a similar punishment should be given to a drug dealer who potentially kills thousands.
Trump has long spoken approvingly about countries like Singapore that have fewer issues with drug addiction because they harshly punish their dealers. During a trip to Asia last fall, they did not publicly rebuke Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, who authorized extrajudicial killings of their nation's drug dealers.
Outside a local firehouse that Trump visited before the speech, someone compared the leaders with a sign that said: “Donald J. Duterte.”
READ MORE: Donald Trump not considering firing Robert Mueller despite Twitter tirade, White House says
“Drug traffickers kill so many thousands of our citizens every year,” Trump said. “That's why my Department of Justice will be seeking so many tougher penalties than we've ever had and we'll be focusing on the penalties that I talked about previously for big pushers, the ones that are killing so many people, and that penalty is going to be the death penalty.”
They added: “Other countries don't play games. … But the ultimate penalty has to be the death penalty.”
The Justice Department said the federal death penalty is available for limited drug-related offences, including violations of the “drug kingpin” provisions in federal law.
It is not clear if the death penalty, even for traffickers whose product causes multiple deaths, would be constitutional. Doug Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University, predicted the issue would be litigated all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.
John Blume, a professor and director of Cornell Law School's death penalty program, said the Federal Drug Kingpin Act has yielded few “kingpins” or major dealers, mostly ensnaring mid- to low-level minorities involved in the drug trade.
READ MORE: Trump ordered White House staff to sign non-disclosure agreements
Opioids, including prescription opioids, heroin and synthetic drugs such as fentanyl, killed more than 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016, more than any other year on record, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Trump has declared that fighting the epidemic is a priority for the administration, but critics say the effort has fallen short.
Last October, the president declared the crisis a national public health emergency, short of the national state of emergency sought by a presidential commission they put together to study the issue.
Trump called for a nationwide public awareness campaign, which they announced in October, to scare kids away from dabbling in drugs. They announced a new website, http://www.crisisnextdoor.gov , where members of the public can share stories about the dangers of opioid addiction.
Trump said the administration will work to cut the number of opioid prescriptions that are filled by one-third within three years.
READ MORE: Donald Trump warned not to end Russia probe by Republican senators
The president also discussed how their policies, including a U.S.-Mexico border wall and punishing “sanctuary” cities that refuse to comply with federal immigration authorities, would help reduce the flow of drugs and help end the addiction epidemic.
Monday was Trump's first visit as president to New Hampshire, which has long occupied a special place in their political rise. They captured their first Republican presidential primary here in 2016, though they narrowly lost in the general election to Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Trump drew criticism last year after leaked transcripts of a telephone conversation with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto showed they had described New Hampshire as a “drug-infested den.” The Washington Post published the transcripts.
Though the 2020 election is more than 30 months away, early jockeying is already happening in states that play an outsized early role in choosing a party's nominee. Retiring Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., a persistent Trump critic, visited New Hampshire, which holds the nation's first presidential primary, last week. They told Republicans someone needs to stop Trump – and it could be them if no one steps up.
Meanwhile, the president's daughter, White House senior adviser Ivanka Trump, spent Monday discussing infrastructure and workplace development in Iowa, which traditionally holds the first presidential nominating caucus.
Fear the Walking Dead, AMC's Walking Dead spinoff, is getting a fourth season and new showrunners.
The network announced the renewal Monday, ahead of the zombie drama's Season 3 premiere on June 4.
Andrew Chambliss and Ian Goldberg (Once Upon a Time) are joining the series as co-showrunners for Season 4, taking over from Dave Erickson.
In a news release, AMC said Erickson would leave after completion of Season 3 to develop new products for AMC Studios.
In addition, Scott M. Gimple, showrunner of The Walking Dead, will become a Fear executive producer.
The province said it has temporarily closed Highway 97 10 km north of Oliver on Tuesday to allow crews to install culverts.
“These culverts will help protect the highway should water flows continue to increase,” the Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure said in a statement.
“Ministry staff have been monitoring this area closely, doing everything possible to keep the water contained and Sportsmens Bowl Road and Highway 97 open.”
READ MORE: Inflatable dams at Sportsmens Bowl to heed flood waters
DriveBC said the highway is expected to be closed from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. each day until Wednesday.
Drivers can use Park Rill and Island Roads to detour around the closure.
Pics of the highway shutdown to deal with flooding. North of #OliverBC near Sportsmens Bowl. Locals say work begin this morning to replace culvert. pic.twitter.com/ygp97CYxEQ Story continues below — Shelby Thom (@Shelby_Thom) April 24, 2018
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
The work comes as 12 properties on Sportsmens Bowls Road remain under a mandatory evacuation order due to flooding.
Meanwhile, a public information session about flooding in the Park Rill Creek Watershed, including the Oliver and Willowbrook areas, is planned for Wednesday evening.
READ MORE: Local government official warns of potential ‘catastrophic failure' of culvert system in rural Oliver
A statement from the Regional District of Okanagan-Similkameen said “residents can expect to receive updates on the flooding, information on the protection plan for Park Rill Creek watershed [and] information on the different support agencies, such as Emergency Social Services (ESS) and Disaster Financial Assistance (DFA).”
The meeting is set to take place at 6:30 p.m. at the Oliver Community Centre, which is located at 6359 Park Drive in Oliver.
– with files from Shelby Thom
A student from the Convent Preparatory School has topped this year's Grade Six Assessment exams.
The Dublanc Primary School has been named as the top performing school in the exams.
The results were announced on Wednesday morning.
Below are the top performers:
Sev McKenzie …..Convent Preparatory School
Malaika Jno Charles….Dublanc Primary School
Cadel Casimir ……Grand Bay Primary School
Kelanda David ……St. Martin Primary School
Chidi Fabien …….St. Martin Primary
Seven students from the Dublanc Primary School sat the exams and six received scholarships or bursaries.
More information coming up.
The latest online edition of the King Schools Cessna Flight Training System is now available to all flight schools.
The online curriculum integrates flight and ground studies and ensures that pilots and their instructors know what they have completed, how they are doing, and what's next, according to company officials. Each course includes video previews of each flying lesson and a home-study ground school and test preparation section.
Pilots also can download the free iPad app that will let them study, prepare for flight lessons, and view their progress, even when offline, company officials add.
Instructors have their own app, allowing them to use their iPhone or iPad to view student status and record flight lessons, even when they are offline.
An audit-for-completion feature gives instructors an easy way to see remaining graduation requirements for each student.
Flight school managers receive access to a full range of business reports to track their flight school's operational status.
The Cessna Flight Training System has evolved over decades, and was originally used exclusively by Cessna Pilot Centers. Now, all flight schools, university aviation programs, and even high school aviation courses can use the system to support their flight school operations, company officials said.
The Cessna Flight Training System includes a suite of Part 141 approvable online courses, ranging from Sport Pilot and Private Pilot all the way through Instrument, Commercial, Multiengine and CFI courses.
King Schools is also unveiled the following updated contents for the latest Cessna Instrument Pilot course package:
ATLANTA – President Donald Trump is attacking the leading Democratic candidate for a special election in a typically conservative Georgia congressional district, with Republicans bidding to avoid a major upset.
On Twitter, Trump said Monday that “The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressional race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!” The nationally watched contest in several northern Atlanta suburbs is being viewed by many as a barometer of Trump's popularity.
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals, allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 17, 2017
Trump was referring to Jon Ossoff, a 30-year-old former congressional staffer who has become a national fundraising phenomenon ahead of Tuesday's vote. Ossoff is seeking to replace Republican Tom Price, who resigned to become Trump's health secretary.
READ MORE: Donald Trump issues stern warning to North Korea leader Kim Jong-un: ‘Gotta behave'
Ossoff has raised at least $8.3 million for the contest, much of it from outside Georgia's 6th Congressional District, which stretches across several of Atlanta's northern suburbs.
In a statement responding to the president, Ossoff said they are “glad the president is interested in the race,” but added that Trump is “misinformed.” Ossoff added their usual campaign promise of “fresh leadership and bipartisan problem-solving.”
WATCH: Trump family welcomes kids to White House for annual Easter Egg Roll
Trump's foray into the race came as most of the 18 candidates – all of them on the same ballot, regardless of party – make a final day of stops around the affluent, well-educated district.
Republicans hope to force a June 20 runoff with the GOP's top candidate by keeping Ossoff below 50 per cent of the vote. Leading Republican candidates include former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel, wealthy technology executive Bob Gray and two former state senators, Judson Hill and Dan Moody.
Trump barely won the district in November, edging Democrat Hillary Clinton by less than 2 percentage points – well short of the usual GOP margin in a district once sent former Speaker Newt Gingrich to Washington. Democrats see the race as a barometer of the president's standing in the kinds of congressional district they'd need to flip in the 2018 midterms if they hope to reclaim a House majority.
READ MORE: Donald Trump gets nudge from Melania after forgetting to raise hand during anthem
The Georgia primary comes a week after Republicans won a closer-than-expected special congressional victory in Kansas. Both national parties already had dispatched paid staffers to metro Atlanta, but the Kansas result intensified the pressure and attention in the stretch run.
The back-and-forth between Trump and Ossoff reflects the overall narrative of the whirlwind campaign since Price's Cabinet confirmation.
Ossoff, who worked for Rep. Hank Johnson, D-Atlanta, and is now an investigative filmmaker, has tried to capitalize both on intense anti-Trump sentiments among liberals, while also coaxing disaffected independents and moderate Republicans who normally wouldn't consider voting Democratic.
Republicans, including a political action committee backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, have hammered Ossoff as an unqualified liberal certain to follow orders from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, an unpopular figure in the district.
TAMPA, Fla. – Police in Florida say an angry dog sent three people to the hospital after one tried to put a sweater on it.
Tampa police say the pit bull mix named Scarface bit a 52-year-old woman who was trying to dress them on Friday and their husband was attacked while trying to pull the dog off of them Police say the couple's 22-year-old son was attacked while trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the neck and head.
The three people escaped the house and left the dog in the backyard.
Police say animal control officers shot it with a tranquilizer gun, but it managed to get back into the house where there were two children present. Police used a bean bag gun and stun gun on the animal before catching it.
​
Hardik Pandya's maiden hundred should prompt the team management to use them more extensively in Tests More
Virat Kohli made a gutsy statement about Hardik Pandya at the press conference after the first Test at Galle. “I have a lot of faith in them (Hardik) as far as any format is concerned. If they grow in confidence – you see someone like Ben Stokes, what they do for England, brings in great balance as an all-rounder. I see no reason why Hardik Pandya can't become that for India,” they said.
The reason it is a gutsy statement is because Hardik has completed just two Tests with relatively very little to do with bat and bowl. Although they have cracked a century in the ongoing third Test, it is still early days in their Test career.
The key words here are “if they grow in confidence”. In order to do that, they should be given more opportunities to showcase their talent both with bat and bowl. Coach Shastri and captain Kohli will need to think intelligently about how the promising youngster gains experience as an all-rounder so they can be close to Stokes' caliber.
Potential to make it big
Hardik has already proved their potential in limited overs cricket and they have the potential to do it in Tests More
The lanky lad from Baroda first came into limelight when Mumbai Indians picked them up in 2015. They have had a few ups and downs already in the IPL and they came out of it strongly. IPL 2017 was the most successful season for Hardik and the one that helped them break into the limited overs squad for India.
Since making their ODI debut in October last year, the Baroda all-rounder has continued to impress one and all. They seem to have gained a few yards in their pace and their batting continues to improve. The innings against Pakistan in the Champions Trophy final is a testament to their explosive skills.
So it was only a matter of time before they were selected into the Test squad. During the fag end of Dhoni's Test captaincy, it was becoming clear that the Test team desperately needed a genuine all-rounder. India successfully promoted Ashwin up the batting order, but the lack of a seam bowling all-rounder option was clearly visible in the Test team.
The team management did well to zero in on Pandya at the early stage and include them into the Test team.
Early Debut in Tests
Hardik had just 19 first-class games under their belt before making their Test debut in the ongoing series against Sri Lanka. It meant that the young all-rounder did not come in with a lot of experience of playing in the longer version of the game. It also means that they will gain a hands-on experience while playing Test cricket.
Read More
Brenda June McIntire, 70, of Cumberland Gap, TN departed this life on Friday, March 16, 2018 at the Claiborne Medical Center in Tazwell, TN.
They were born on June 21, 1947 in Jellico, to the late Rev. Isham Peace Jr. and Juanita (Lee) Peace.
In addition to their father, they were also preceded in death by their husband, Phillip McIntire and a sister, Janice Faye Peace.
They were a member of Hensley Chapel Church of Middlesboro, KY.
 They are survived by their daughter, Renee Metzger of Wakeman, OH; two grandchildren, Matthew Metzger and Rachel Metzger of Wakeman, OH; their mother, Juanita Lee Peace of Cincinnati, OH; one brother, Teddy L. Peace and wife Valerie of Batavia, OH; three sisters, Sheila Ankney and husband Dan of Blue Ash, OH, Teresa Peace and husband Mike Slaven of Cumberland Gap, TN and Michelle Neuman and husband Greg of Loveland, OH; many nieces and nephews; and a host of other family and friends to mourn them passing.
The funeral service was held Tuesday, March 20, at the Croley Funeral Home Chapel with Brother Teddy Peace and Matthew Metzger officiating.
Following the service they were laid to rest in the McKiddy Cemetery on Coalstone in Siler, KY.
Condolences may be made to the family at www.croleyfh.com.
Croley Funeral Home is in charge of the arrangements.
10.30 am IST
Which sectors are most at risk from the turn towards protectionism in the US? In a chart (Posting again, with the correct link) https://t.co/KTpTQ5ym7Z
People driving along Highways 2 and 15 in Kingston's east end couldn't help notice dozens of damaged election signs.
The face of Progressive Conservative candidate Gary Bennett had their face cut out of their signs.
Bennett says it's disappointing and contrary to democratic principles.
“People in Canada, you know, men and women fought and lost their lives so we can have an ability to engage in free and open elections and signs are one component of it.”
Candidates in the four main parties say sign vandalism has been an issue throughout the campaign.
WATCH: Kingston and the Islands provincial candidates spar over energy, leadership in debate
NDP candidate Ian Arthur says their campaign has had to fix and replace signs repeatedly.
“There were many signs stolen from right around my own personal property on Stephen Street and we found them in a dumpster about a block and a half away.”
READ MORE: Kingston and the Islands candidates face off in debate
Green candidate Robert Kiley says he's spoken with their campaign staff and volunteers and told them to leave opponent signs alone.
“We have a good relationship with other campaigns so from time to time, we'll even put their signs up if we see them knocked down.”
Candidates for the NDP, Liberals and Progressive Conservatives say they've done the same.
Candidate Sophie Kiwala is looking for a second term in office for the Liberal Party and says there have been issues beyond sign damage during this campaign.
“One of the members of my sign team was threatened by another team's sign team.”
Const. Cam Mack told CKWS an individual caught tampering with campaign signs would most likely be charged with mischief.
Mischief is both a summary and indictable offence.
Mack says depending on circumstances, that most likely police would usually lay the less serious summary charge.
If convicted, an individual could face fines and be ordered to pay restitution.
The maximum penalty is 18 months in prison.
READ MORE: NDP campaign bus breaks down during swing through southwestern Ontario
Episodes from the original nine-season run of “Roseanne” have been pulled from Hulu as well as Viacom-owned cable channels Paramount Network, TV Land, and CMT, beginning tomorrow, Variety has learned.
A Viacom representative declined to comment. a Hulu spokesperson told Variety, “We support ABC's decision and are removing the show from Hulu.”
On Tuesday morning, ABC abruptly canceled “Roseanne” in response to a racist remark made on Twitter made by the show's star, Roseanne Barr. “Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show,” ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said in a statement.
Walt Disney Co. chairperson and CEO Bob Iger voiced their support for the move, tweeting, “There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing.”
On Tuesday morning, Barr took to Twitter to attack former White House aide to President Obama Valerie Jarrett, who is African-American, writing that Jarrett looked like the offspring of “muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes.” Barr subsequently deleted the tweet and issued an apology, writing on Twitter, “I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about their politics and them looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste.” The move to cancel the show came fewer than three hours later.
RELATED CONTENT:
New York officials consider proposal that could let Uber drivers get tips
New York City's Taxi and Limousine Commission announced Monday that it was considering requiring all car services that accept credit cards to offer passengers the option of leaving a tip. The change would mark a big victory for Uber drivers, because the ride-hailing app currently does not give customers that option. The decision came after the Independent Drivers Guild, which represents Uber drivers in New York, submitted a petition to the commission requesting the change. Meera Joshi, the city's taxi commissioner, said the proposal was "just one piece of a more comprehensive effort to improve the economic well-being of drivers." An Uber spokesperson said the company "is always striving to offer the best earning opportunity for drivers," and will take a look at the proposal.
President Trump reportedly fumed for two hours when they read NBC News' report Wednesday morning that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had called them a "moron," then got even angrier when Tillerson did not directly deny having said that. "He vehemently would rather not answer that question," Stephen Colbert said on Thursday's Late Show. Still, Tillerson did categorically deny ever considering resigning, a claim Trump picked up on in a Thursday morning tweet in which they criticized NBC News for not verifying their "Fake News" with them first. After thinking of some stories Trump might not be the best source for verification on — think Barack Obama's birth certificate — Colbert said that Tillerson's job appears to be safe, thanks to a career "suicide pact" they reportedly made with Defense Secretary James Mattis and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin.
In The Late Show's opening skit, Mnuchin did not seem overly thrilled about the suicide pact.
This is in regards to a police man's torture against a poor rickshaw driver in Gujranwala.
Such torture has become a culture in Punjab.
Most of the Station House Officers (SHO) and their subordinates commit atrocities on poor and helpless people as a routine matter.
A few incidents are reported and our media compels the higher authorities of Police to take action but the rest of the unpleasant incidents go unheard.
Policemen are encouraged to commit such atrocities by the poor application of laws and rules.
I am also a witness to several other cases in which some police officers received financial gratification and they were officially proved guilty; but they managed to save their skin through socially pressurising the complainant.
The government should abolish laws like the facilitation of a compromise; because they promote and strengthen negative police culture.
Moreover, the majority of the SHOs favour those parties who come in the Police station through an MNA, MPA or any other influential personality.
In this regard the governments of all provinces must legally ban the interference of the said personalities in Police department.
Moreover, a rule should be passed according to which only the people concerned with the case will be allowed to contact a police officer.
SULEMAN MANSHA,
Lahore, January 24.
The North's economy is performing better than many in the south believe, a senior figure at the Bank of England has claimed.
Martin Taylor, who sits on Bank's Financial Policy Committee, told The Yorkshire Post that the economies of the likes of Leeds had been “transformed” in recent years and that improved connectivity was a key factor in growth.
Mr Taylor, a former Barclays chief executive, told The Yorkshire Post: “I always think when I come to the cities and rich agricultural regions [in the North] that it is performing a lot better than many people in south believe. But there is a lot more that can be done.
“I am always very interested in the development of links across the North of England. I remember what happened when M62 was built. The amount of inter-regional trade that started once you improved the infrastructure links was stupendous.”
When asked if investment in Northern transport infrastructure should be prioritised Mr Taylor said: “The Bank is not the Department of Transport, it really isn't our business. I underatnd that Government has choces to make and does not have unlimited funds but I know from my own experiences of routes in the north just how important these links are.
“You invest where it is neccessary.”
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ex-Scunthorpe councillor Ralph Ross has died in the town's Balmoral House care home at the age of 88 years.
Father of two Mr Ross helped to raise thousands of pounds for good causes, was honoured for their service as a first-aider and was instrumental in starting the town's annual family Week-End celebrations at Quibell Park.
From 1967 they served on the former Scunthorpe Borough Council as a ward member for the Labour and SDP parties.
In the 1970s Mr Ross became the section manager of the emergency services department at the British Steel Corporation in Scunthorpe, after a spell as a crane driver at the Lysaghts works.
But it was for their work as a volunteer with the St John Ambulance Brigade they were best known.
Mr Ross joined the Brigade in 1936 and years later headed up a £26,000 appeal to build the present headquarters on Collum Avenue which was opened by the late Princess Margaret in 1968.
They were later appointed the area superintendent for South Humberside and in 1981 was awarded the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of St John of Jersusalem.
In 1996 they helped to organise the first-ever Scunthorpe Carnival in the town's Central Park which was the fore-runner of the Family Week-End celebrations in Quibell Park.
Betwen 1973 and 1977 Mr Ross was the treasurer of the town's' former Kinsley Labour Club and later took on same role at the nearby Scunthorpe Trades and Labour Club (now the Highfield House pub).
Paying tribute. their life-long friend Cyril Nottingham said: "Ralph dedicated their life to supporting the community in various ways. Everything they did had such a positive impact for the benefit of their fellow townspeople including raising large sums of money to support hundreds of charities in the area.
"His death is a huge loss to the community as a whole. They will always be remembered for the all the great work they have done and the kindness and friendship they have given to so many."
Mr Nottingham recalled in 1978 when they were the Mayor of Scunthorpe, Mr Ross was the treasurer of their appeal committee and helped to raise more than £51,000 for charity.
Later the two friends teamed up again at the town's Central Community Central on Lindum Street and helped to raise more than £225,000 to improve the building.
A funeral service will be held at the town's Woodlands Crematorium on December 20 at 11.20am.
Family flowers only have been requested but donors can if they wish make donations to the Central Community Centre.
A Vancouver-based legal group is advocating for police departments in the Lower Mainland to stop attending 911 overdose calls.
Caitlin Shane of the Pivot Legal Society says that police presence at overdose calls can deter people from calling for help in an emergency.
LISTEN: Caitlin Shane joins Jon McComb to talk about police presence at overdose calls
“People should not have fear when they're calling 911 for assistance, and police should not be showing up at the scenes of overdoses and engaging in investigation,” said Shane.
“The purpose of a person calling 911 is for emergency medical assistance.”
READ MORE: Vancouver Fire Rescue responded to more than 6,000 overdoses calls this year
They said that the Good Samaritan Drug Overdose Act passed in May of 2017, protects people from being charged for simple possession in an overdose situation, but doesn't provide adequate protection from other criminal charges.
People may fear they'll get arrested if police show up, said Shane.
WATCH: Okanagan paramedics respond to 1600 calls for suspected overdoses so far in 2017
During their work in the Downtown East Side, they said part of their job required them to call 911.
“That would significantly threaten my relationships with the clients that I served. I saw numerous occasions [of] people fearing calling 911 and not doing it,” said Shane.
READ MORE: B.C.'s overdose crisis is taking its toll on paramedics
According to Shane, Vancouver police officers only attend overdose calls when requested by emergency medical services, and other police departments should follow suit.
More than 1,000 people have died from overdose deaths in B.C. so far in 2017.
Academy Award-winning screenwriter James Ivory will adapt the family drama “The Judge's Will” for Fox Searchlight, with Alexander Payne directing.
The movie is based on a New Yorker story that was the final article written by Ivory's frequent collaborator Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, who won Oscars for “Howards End” and “A Room With a View.”
Conde Nast Entertainment's Jeremy Steckler and Dawn Ostroff will produce with Ad Hominem Enterprises, the company that Payne runs with Jim Burke and Jim Taylor. Fox Searchlight picked up the rights to “The Judge's Will” in 2013.
“The Judge's Will” details the relationship between an ailing Delhi judge and their wife, each leading separate lives. It begins, “After their second heart attack, the judge knew that they could no longer put off informing their wife about the contents of theirs will. They did this for the sake of the woman they had been keeping for twenty-five years, who, ever since their first attack, had been agitating about provisions for their future.”
Ivory won the best adapted screenplay Oscar this year for the coming-of-age drama “Call Me by Your Name.” At age 89, they became the oldest winner of a competitive Oscar.
Ivory is repped by Paradigm. The news was first reported by Deadline.
Aug 13, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Justin Thomas plays from a bunker on the 16th hole during the final round of the PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Justin Thomas capped off a major season that belonged to an aggressive new breed of fearless young Americans when they stormed to a two-stroke victory at the PGA Championship on Sunday.
At 24, they followed in the footsteps of then-23-year-old Jordan Spieth's British Open triumph and the U.S. Open victory by 27-year-old Brooks Koepka, suggesting a bright future for American golf.
Thomas, one of the longest drivers on tour, started the final major of the year ranked 14th in the world, not one of the favourites after recent poor form, but came through by executing under pressure as many of their rivals withered.
"I just had an unbelievable calmness throughout the week, throughout the day," Thomas said after lifting the Wanamaker Trophy. "I really truly felt I was going to win. I was just very confident. I didn't get flustered.
"I was a lot more calm than I thought I would be. I thought I would be very shaky. At one point I looked at my hand it was a little shaky but that's why you play."
The serenity served Thomas well after a slow start, as they bided their time before vaulting to the front with four birdies in a sizzling seven-hole stretch mid-round.
They then held firm over the dangerous final water-lined three holes, known as the 'Green Mile', hoisting a seven-iron to 15-foot at the par-three 17th before sinking the putt to all but secure victory, a bogey at the last academic as they carded 68 to finish at eight-under 276.
"That was probably one of the best shots I've ever had to a pin that was really brutal," Thomas said of their tee shot at 17.
"I needed to make par. I'll never forget that vision in my head (and) to make a birdie there was beyond a bonus."
Thomas was one of five players tied for the lead early on the back nine, before they broke clear with an unlikely 40-foot chip-in birdie at the par-three 13th.
They celebrated wildly, pumping their fists, perhaps sensing it was a pivotal moment.
Aug 13, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Justin Thomas celebrates with the Wanamaker Trophy after winning the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
"That chip-in on 13 was probably the most berserk I've ever been on the golf course," they said.
As Thomas celebrated, others wondered what might have been, as fellow American Patrick Reed (67) bogeyed the last to finish equal second with Italian Francesco Molinari (67) and South African Louis Oosthuizen (70).
Hideki Matsuyama, seeking to become the first man from Japan to win a major, held the lead briefly mid-round before fading with three consecutive bogeys from the 11th.
They carded 72 and finished three shots behind with American Rickie Fowler (67).
Overnight leader Kevin Kisner (74) finished four shots back.
Thomas, after sinking a 35-foot birdie at the ninth, picked up another shot to tie for the lead at the par-five 10th, where their eight-foot putt stopped on the lip of the cup.
Almost apoplectic with frustration, they wisely took their time walking to the ball, which after remaining stationary for 12 seconds toppled in.
"I acted like a child and threw a little tantrum and then it went in so I didn't look so bad," Thomas said.
"I did a little fit and gravity took over."
Two hours later they were celebrating victory.
"Major champion will never be taken away from my name," they said.
Bristol Mayor Marvin Rees has called for a rally next month which is expected to draw thousands of people.
Some 17 organisations have backed the rally and will join the protest on September 9 in College Green, starting from 12 noon.
Among them will be the parents groups and teachers' unions which helped organise the biggest protest in Bristol this year, drawing thousands.
It comes ahead of Mr Rees' lobby of the Government as they and other cities' leaders prepare to present a Green Paper to ministers in Westminster on September 12.
The paper will reflect why the Core Cities are the drivers of modern economy and should be invested in, and will also set out alternatives to Government cuts.
Mr Rees said: “said: “Cities are at breaking point when it comes to council provided services.
“Across the UK there are Adult and Children's social care departments struggling to keep up with the costs of rising demand on their services.
Council services are being reduced and stopped to find the money to keep the essential life and limb services from falling over.
“This isn't right and it isn't a reflection of the driving force that cities have become in the modern economy.
“What I'm concerned about as a city leader is the cost of the cuts.
“These short-term savings will undermine our communities and population health and will ultimately cost us more in the medium- to long-term. It's crucial we take this case to government.
“It's important that along with making the case to government ministers, we get support from as many MPs in Westminster as possible.
“My message is simple, if you believe that there is an alternative to austerity then join with me, the Trade Unions, the People's Assembly and the people of Bristol on 9 September to show the government and other UK cities that we want change and we're prepared to take that ask to Westminster.”
A spokesperson for Bristol People's Assembly said: “We want people involved in this from every corner of Bristol - every community group, social club, creative organisation - every faith, every age, every cultural background.
"Because these cuts are going to affect all of us - they'll change the fabric of the city itself - they may even get to the things and people we love most, unless we all come together and really step up together.
"I'm talking about a significant portion of this city deciding that they are not going to have it any more - that they aren't going to have their services and their facilities taken away, their living conditions downtrodden, just for the sake of a few of those at the top getting a good bit richer.
"That they're going to take to the streets and they're going to make themselves heard, and they're not going to just walk away - they're going to stand up for their rights, they're going to stand up for their communities, and we're all going to stand up for Bristol on September 9 against this government. Just be there.”
Aaron Fletcher and Tim Parkin used to lead the UK group the Bees (known as Band Of Bees stateside), but they haven't released an album under that name in almost 8 years. But they have rechristened themselves as 77:78, and they've recently announced that they'll release the project's debut album later this summer. That album is called Jellies, and “Love Said (Let's Go)” is the first song we're hearing from it. The track was originally put out on a limited-edition 7″, but its wide release comes attached to a kaleidoscopic visual that matches the song's mood well. Listen to it below.
TRACKLIST:
01 “If I'm Anything”
02 “Compass Pass”
03 “Love Said (Let's Go)”
04 “Pour It Out”
05 “Papers”
06 “Copper Nail”
07 “E.S.T.W.D.”
08 “Chilli”
09 “Shepherd's Song”
10 “The Wagon”
Jellies is out 7/6 via Heavenly Recordings.
During a brief Greenbrier County Commission meeting on Tuesday evening, the Greater Greenbrier Long-Term Recovery Committee (GGLTRC ) gave a presentation to gain an endorsement from the commission.
According to Chairman of the Board Dave Lumsden and Vice Chair Matt Ford, the GGLTRC was established on July 12, 2016, immediately after the devastating flood of June 23, when 12 West Virginia counties were declared disaster areas. The committee evolved out of the volunteer coordination effort run by the Greenbrier County Office of Emergency Management. Using the guidelines from FEMA and the West Virginia Volunteer Organizations Active in Disaster (WV VOAD), GGLTRC became a 501(3)C non-profit organization with the objective of filling in the gaps not met by private insurance and government assistance following a disaster. Some of those unmet needs include financial support, supplies, furniture, appliances, equipment, and spiritual counseling.
FEMA had a total of 2,839 cases back in June, of which, GGLTRC handled 964. There are 14 volunteer disaster case managers (DCM) currently handling a caseload of 320 active assignments, and there are 644 cases still awaiting assignment to a DCM. Thanks to a FEMA grant, four more DCMs will be installed to assist case management operations in Greenbrier County. More are needed, Lumsden said.
GGLTRC address the needs of disaster survivors with the following objectives:
Provide physical, emotional, and spiritual resources to those affected by the disaster, without discrimination.
Provide coordinated leadership for long-term recovery from disaster.
Assess needs, both present and future.
Obtain and connect resources.
Provide long-term assistance to individuals and businesses who do not have adequate resources for basic needs as a result of the disaster.
Advocate for ongoing recovery efforts and long-term assistance for needs of the communities in Greenbrier County affected by disaster.
Provide coordinated leadership and management of long-term recovery efforts not met by relief systems such as FEMA, the American Red Cross, the Small Business Administration, and others.
GGLTRC is working with many partners to insure solutions are found in order to rebuild a healthy, functioning community that can sustain itself over time. Identifying and seeking solutions to resolve any factors that contributed to the disaster are also efforts they hope to put to use. Partners list includes the United Way of the Greenbrier Valley, Rhema Christian Center, Neighbors Loving Neighbors, Homes for White Sulphur Springs, City National Bank, Trinity United Methodist Church, Red Cross, Emanuel United Methodist Church, Greenbrier County Homeland security and Emergency Management, St. James Episcopal Church, Appalachia Service Project, City of Rainelle, GVEDC, Summit Bank, Ronceverte Presbyterian Church, United Church of Christ, Catholic Charities of West Virginia, Monroe Health Center and Mennonite Disaster Services.
Lumsden stated that there is still much work to be done with regard to economic recovery in Greenbrier County, and they asked the commission to pass along any priorities they may have to help the county continue to recover from the June disaster. The commissioners offered their thanks to Lumsden and Ford for their efforts on behalf of the citizens of the county.
In other business:
On August 21, the moon will cross paths with the sun, prompting North America's first total solar eclipse since 1979. We'll see about 80% totality of the eclipse in our area, but you can experience 100% totality with a timely new special from NOVA! Airing just hours after the eclipse happens, Eclipse Over America gives you the best seat in the house, helping you to explore the entire eclipse from start to finish from science labs and public observatories. Look back on its mystifying history, follow current cutting-edge research, and unlock scientific secrets about the solar corona. You can see NOVA: Eclipse Over America on August 21 at 9PM on KVIE.
This solar eclipse begins at 9:06AM in Madera, Oregon and will cover 14 lucky states, ending in Columbia, South Carolina.
If you're looking to experience the event in person, it's important to be prepared. Here are a few ways you can safely enjoy the solar eclipse.
Watch the cosmic phenomenon directly with American Astrological Society-approved eclipse-viewing glasses.
Special eclipse-viewing glasses have been made so that we can enjoy the solar eclipse without worrying about extreme eye damage, but beware of glasses that aren't approved by the American Astrological Society.
How do I know my eclipse glasses are safe? Look for text on your glasses that's saying they comply with the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard for directly viewing the sun. You can find a list of approved solar-filters here.
*Sunglasses are NOT adequate protection for safe solar viewing.
Make a DIY pinhole projector.
Here's what you need:
One empty cereal box
One sheet of paper
Scissors
Aluminum foil
One pin
Yes, that's really all you need to make a DIY pinhole projector. This is a fun and safe way to get the kids involved in a real-life scientific project. You can find full instructions for a pinhole projector here.
Attend one of these solar eclipse viewing parties in your community!
Here are a few places you can watch the solar eclipse with other science enthusiasts and maybe discover something new along the way.
Where: California State University, Sacramento
When: August 21, 9AM
Join other eclipse-viewers atop the American River Levee alongside the Sacramento State campus. Telescopes with solar filters, pinhole cameras, and some eclipse-viewing glasses will be available. Get there early to secure yours and find out more here.
Where: Powerhouse Science Center, Sacramento
When: August 21, 9AM
Enjoy a solar eclipse celebration with members of the Sacramento Valley Astronomical Society on the Powerhouse Science Center grounds. The event is free to the public. Additionally, there will be eclipse-themed planetarium shows with paid admission. View more information here.
Where: Stanislaus County Library, Modesto
August 21, 9:45AM – 10:45AM
View the solar eclipse from the from steps of the library and observe the celestial event of the season. Find out more here.
Where: Great Valley Museum, Modesto Junior College
When: August 21, 8AM – noon
View the eclipse through a special sun telescope with members of the Modesto Junior College Astronomy Club. Two eclipse-themed shows at the planetarium. The 8:30AM showing will feature Back to the Moon and the 11:30AM showing will feature Sunstruck. Find out more here.
Watch a livestream of eclipse on PBS NewsHour
PBS NewsHour and NOVA are teaming up to bring you a livestream of the solar eclipse. Watch in real time online here.
Safety and the solar eclipse
On The Real Housewives of Atlanta Season 9 Episode 8, gossip about Kandi and Phaedra's lunch date quickly spread through the group.
With potentially alarming, shocking results.
If you watch The Real Housewives of Atlanta online, you'll see that things started off with a discussion about Cynthia Bailey and boobs.
Specifically, if they need a new pair.
The doctor confirmed that their current fake boobs were A-O-K though, so that's good … and more than can be said for a lot of things.
“She better stay nice or she's gonna reap the wrath of Mama,” Mama Joyce said, referring to Phaedra Parks and their beef with Kandi.
Meanwhile, their daughter Riley revealed that their father, Block Spencer, had called them about going out for a meal and asked Kandi to join.
After some deliberation, they agreed.
While this was going on, Cynthia's daughter, Noelle, met up with Peter Thomas for some hot yoga and to talk about the couple's breakup.
“You're like my second father figure and I thought it was at least worth a phone call,” they said, referring to them not reaching out to them
“It just kind of hurt. It seems like nobody cares.”
Peter acknowledged their mistake and things seemed to go …read more
Read more here:: THG
If you've ever smoked pot, be warned: trouble could still lie ahead at the Canada-U.S. border.
An American immigration lawyer traveled to Ottawa Monday to shed light on an issue that could get even worse when pot is legalized in Canada, saying more Canadians could be permanently denied entry to the U.S. if they admit to smoking pot — even after the law is passed.
“I see a wall on the northern border,” Len Saunders told the Senate Hearing Committee.
READ MORE: Government confirms pot packaging will be plain, with branding and logos ‘restricted'
If someone answers yes to a border agent's question of whether they've smoked pot, ever, Saunders said “they're basically turned around, told to go back to Canada, and told they are inadmissible for life. This is a lifetime ban.”
Saunders' practice is based in Blaine, Wash., which sits just across the border from B.C.
WATCH BELOW: Canada's health minister satisfied with proposed warning labels for cannabis products
Washington state legalized recreational marijuana five years ago, which Saunders said could only increase the assumption that smoking pot is no big deal when driving through the Peace Arch or other crossings on the west coast.
But pot is still considered illegal on the federal level, which means border agents will still treat smoking the drug as an offence.
READ MORE: Canadian military trying to decide how to handle marijuana legalization
Saunders brought up the example of B.C.-bred Olympic snowboarder Ross Rebagliati, who won the gold medal in Nagano in 1998 but was later stripped of the prize when they tested positive for marijuana.
Rebagliati later got their medal back after the decision was overturned, but the next day they admitted to smoking the drug on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno. The athlete is now permanently barred from entering the U.S. without a special waiver, which can cost hundreds of dollars.
READ MORE: What did 15,000 Calgarians have to say about legalizing marijuana?
“He will be in the system requiring a waiver for the rest of their life,” Saunders told the committee. “That is just the tip of the iceberg on these cases.”
The lawyer also suggested that even Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who has previously admitted to smoking pot, could have trouble at the border himself.
Saunders said he's advising people to avoid giving an answer altogether if they're questioned at the border, saying they're not required to say anything at all if they choose.
READ MORE: You probably can't work in cannabis in the U.S., even in legal states. Here's why
“Not every officer asks this question,” they said in Ottawa. “Its discretionary. But if you're asked this question, I've always told clients you're under no obligation to say yes.
“Its not a question that is required to be answered at a port of entry,” they added. “You're not lying if you say nothing.”
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Global market research and index company MSCI Inc will add roughly 230 China-listed shares to its emerging market benchmark in a two-step process starting on June 1, a move expected to drive a surge of foreign money into the country's stock markets.
An investor checks stock information on a mobile phone at a brokerage house in Shanghai, China, March 7, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song/Files
MSCI's decision a year ago to include yuan-denominated Chinese stocks, or “A-shares”, into its emerging market (EM) index triggered a rally in Chinese blue-chips in 2017, though the market has corrected this year amid rising borrowing costs and fears of a Sino-U.S. trade war.
Foreign buying of Chinese stocks was tepid on Thursday on the last trading day before their inclusion.
WHAT, EXACTLY, IS THE MSCI INCLUSION?
The U.S.-based creator of widely-watched stock indices, is adding A-shares to its benchmark Emerging Markets and All Country World Index indices. The firms are predominantly blue chips such as SAIC Motor Corp and liquor maker Kweichow Moutai Co Ltd.
Late on Wednesday, MSCI tweaked the MSCI China A Inclusion Index, dropping telecom equipment and smartphone maker ZTE Corp, and four other companies, whose shares have been suspended.
WHY IS THIS IMPORTANT?
MSCI's EM index is tracked by funds with assets under management in excess of $1.9 trillion. That means when Chinese shares are added to the index, money that follows the benchmark will have to buy Chinese stocks to avoid deviation.
Some analysts estimate about $20 billion will initially flow into Chinese stocks, rising to $300 billion if there is full inclusion, as many expect. Some investors, however, predict much smaller inflows in the short term.
The A-shares included initially will have an aggregate weight of 0.39 percent in the MSCI Emerging Markets Index at a 2.5 percent partial inclusion factor. The second phase of entry will occur in September.
Further inclusion could include a higher weighting and mid-cap shares. A full inclusion would see A-shares account for about 18 percent of the MSCI EM index.
WHY DIDN'T IT HAPPEN SOONER?
In 2013, MSCI put A-shares on a review list but did not include them in indexes, citing issues including capital mobility restrictions and uncertainties around taxes.
Finally, in June 2017, MSCI announced the partial inclusion this year following a fourth consultation with global investors, recognising China's efforts to reform its capital markets.
HOW CAN FOREIGNERS BUY CHINESE SHARES?
Since China's markets are not fully open to foreigners, the main channel for MSCI-related share purchases will be the Shanghai and Shenzhen “stock connect” links with Hong Kong.
These two-way investment schemes allow investors to buy Chinese shares through the former British colony, and vice versa. The daily quota for “northbound” purchases of shares in each channel was quadrupled to 52 billion yuan on May 1.
Foreign investors can also access Chinese shares through QFII, the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor scheme, within limits. The State Administration of Foreign Exchange has granted $99.5 billion worth of quotas for QFII investment.
Another scheme, RMB QFII, allows the use of offshore yuan to invest in Chinese shares.
Foreign investment in Chinese shares has been on the rise, but remains relatively small. The “northbound” quota through to connect schemes has rarely been maxed out. Foreign investors have cited a litany of concerns, from unfamiliarity with Chinese companies to worries about corporate governance.
Some funds tracking the MSCI A-share inclusion index have seen heavy inflows since announcement of the China entry.
DO ANALYSTS EXPECT FURTHER INCLUSION?
Yes. MSCI says further inclusion will be subject to China's moves to deregulate its markets, including granting foreigners more accessibility, making continued progress on trading suspensions, and further loosening restrictions on the creation of index-linked investment vehicles.
0
Lionsgate Premiere has released the first Rememory trailer online. Directed by Mark Palansky (Penelope), the film revolves around the mysterious death of a scientific pioneer who creates technology that allows you to extract memories and watch them on an external device. Peter Dinklage plays a mysterious man (lotta mystery in this one) who shows up and sets about trying to solve the murder using this memory machine, which allows them to watch memories from other people. As the investigation continues, a web of intrigue and deceit is uncovered.
This movie looks pretty interesting, and Palansky is a curious filmmaker. Penelope is a vibrant, refreshing film and he's recently been working on Netflix's colorful A Series of Unfortunate Events, but Rememory is more hard-edged sci-fi and thus offers a different kind of palate to play on. Dinklage is obviously a terrific actor, and it's nice to see them in a lead role here.
Check out the Rememory trailer below. The film also stars Julia Ormond, Martin Donovan, Anton Yelchin, Henry Ian Cusick, and Evelyne Brochu. Rememory will premiere first on Google Play on August 24th, where it'll be free for a limited time. It hits theaters on September 8th.
APRIL 24, 2018 — Joseph H. Pyne is to step down as Executive Chairman of the Board of Kirby Corporation (NYSE:KEX), effective April 30, 2018, after 40 years of service. They will continue to serve Kirby as Chairman of the Board in a non-executive role.
Mr. Pyne started their career with Kirby in 1978, and has held numerous executive positions including Chairman of the Board since April 2014, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from January 2014 to April 2014, as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer from April 2013 to January 2014 and from April 2010 to April 2011, and as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1995 to April 2010, Executive Vice President from 1992 to 1995 and as President of Kirby Inland Marine from 1984 to November 1999. They have served the Company as a Director since 1988.
They also served in various operating and administrative capacities with Kirby Inland Marine from 1978 to 1984.
Kirby will incur a charge for compensation related to the retirement in the 2018 second quarter.
According to a Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission today, the independent directors of Kirby approved the payment to Mr. Pyne of a special one-time bonus of $15 million and acceleration of the vesting of unvested stock options covering 26,819 shares of Kirby common stock and 30,643 unvested shares of restricted stock held by Mr. Pyne. Including a value of $3.1 million attributable to the noncash accelerated vesting of the equity awards, the compensation to Mr. Pyne will result in an $18.1 million, or approximately $0.30 per share, one-time nondeductible expense in the second quarter. Stock options for 21,396 shares and 13,245 restricted stock units granted to Mr. Pyne in February 2018 will continue to vest in accordance with the terms of Kirby's 2005 Stock and Incentive Plan.
Mr. Pyne will also be entitled to receive prorated payments of previously awarded incentive compensation in amounts and at times to be determined according to the terms of the plans under which the awards were made.
Mr. Pyne will no longer be compensated as an executive officer of Kirby.
In approving the compensation to Mr. Pyne, the independent directors considered a number of factors, including a non-competition agreement with Mr. Pyne that extends for two years after they are no longer a director of Kirby
Kirby Corporation, based in Houston, Texas, is the nation's largest domestic tank barge operator
Fact: All time is a lie. We're not saying that because civil, or local, time is an entirely human-made concept. It's because time, the way it's packaged and sold to us, is a tad bit inaccurate. Contrary to popular belief, the Earth does not revolve around the sun at a fixed speed. It's why the equation of time function was added to mechanical watches, to highlight the difference between the actual solar time, and what we've come to observe as, well, time: A fourth hand, dubbed a ‘marchant', pinpoints the Sun's exact position in relation to your location. The collective gap you'll notice tends to be limited to a few minutes, so it hasn't devoured chunks of your life, if that's your concern.
The Breguet Marine Équation Marchante 5887 is clearly inspired by maritime tradition, so one might find the placement of an astronomical complication a bit odd. However, a deeper look at maritime history shows us how keenly navigators used to rely on astronomy to guide them over the seas. As far as maritime watches go, the Marine Équation is a biggie, complete with a tourbillon (Abraham-Louis Breguet having invented the complication), perpetual calendar and 80-hour power reserve. Right from the sea-wave pattern engraved directly on to the dial to the words ‘Marine Royale' engraved on the tourbillon bar, this is Breguet exercising its considerable watchmaking muscle. Even the bridges of the movement, visible through the sapphire caseback, have been decorated with a depiction of the Royal Louis – which, apart from being a great name for your next cat, is the name of a top-level French naval vessel once used by royalty.
All these rich little details and intricacies make the Marine Équation a benchmark of sorts. And Breguet's trademark craftsmanship has ensured that it isn't likely to be bested any time soon.
NOW READ
The best luxury watches on a budget
Patek Philippe Calibre 240 is engineering at its most stunning
Bulgari's ‘Octo Finissimo Automatic' is the world's thinnest mechanical watch
> More on Watches
Barbara Etcovitch woke up Monday morning to construction workers running saws and hammering.
It was quite a shock for their since, mere months ago, the area outside their backyard was a healthy patch of woods that had been there all of the 11 years she'd resided along Jordi-Bonet Street.
Construction along Jordi-Bonet Street in Notre-Dame-de-l'Île Perrot has some residents angry about loss of green space. @Global_Montreal pic.twitter.com/o6qltxNBtp — Billy Shields (@billyshields) December 11, 2017
“It's disgusting,” they said. “Bylaws need to be stricter so that if private owners want to build something, they have to conform to certain guidelines.”
But the town's mayor, Danie Deschênes, told Global News the construction conformed to existing guidelines and the owners were free to build.
Around 70 per cent of the town is green space, but it has grown exponentially in the past decade, from an estimated population of around 8,000 people to one now near 11,000.
The construction near Etcovitch's home is part of a slow-growth strategy the town is overseeing to gain tax base.
The residential area is adjacent to a golf course and a massive park that are contiguous to one another. Residents report seeing woodpeckers, tree frogs and foxes around here. @Global_Montreal pic.twitter.com/b1RCAJee1S — Billy Shields (@billyshields) December 11, 2017
For years, the green space along the street was owned by the Atlantides Golf Course on Don-Quichotte, which still operates. But the course sold off the land by parcels to private owners in the past decade, and most, if not all, the parcels are zoned residential, according to town officials.
Barbara Etcovitch said the town needs to adopt more stringent guidelines to its zoning to prevent the destruction of green space in the area. @Global_Montreal pic.twitter.com/2YSALz7jX2 — Billy Shields (@billyshields) December 11, 2017
Etcovitch said the owners of the property should be made to obey stricter regulations in how construction projects are undertaken.
Guy Comes Up With Hilarious Tinder Profile Pic
Trending News: People's Reactions To This Guy's Tinder Profile Pic Are Priceless
Quick Take
Your Tinder pictures are undoubtedly the most valuable part of your profile, yet so many people still screw it up. There's no exact science about what makes a good or a bad set of photos, but you generally have to show off your personality and be like the women you're hoping to attract.
This guy did one of those things, and he's probably drowning in matches.
We don't know their name, but this 25-year-old guy made perhaps the best Tinder profile picture we've ever seen, and it's blowing up on Reddit.
Reddit
How could you not say no? Redditors were overwhelmingly swept up by their effortless charm.
Kessie03 writes:
Hoping this guy is my future husband.
fuggyourgavel is experiencing some fresh new feelings:
I'd swipe right, and I'm a straight guy. I'm pretty sure.
_torisomethin_ is straight to the point:
Be my husband please
Well played, sir, well played. Here's hoping they find someone that treats them just right.
Drop This Fact
A 21-year-old guy went viral recently for their super honest Tinder profile.
TORONTO – A public opinion survey used to bolster claims of widespread support for a proposed nuclear waste bunker near Lake Huron was misleading and actually found little backing for the project, critics say.
While Ontario Power Generation stands by the poll of 805 people, critics insist an analysis shows the utility distorted its findings in submissions to the federal government.
Among other things, poll questions provided false or misleading assumptions designed to skew the response in favour of the deep geologic repository, they said.
Far from showing that a majority of people in Ontario support the repository, the poll actually shows most people oppose it, said Rod McLeod, with the group SOS Great Lakes.
READ MORE: Moving planned nuclear-waste bunker on Lake Huron would cost $2.4B: OPG report
“It is clear that OPG misrepresented the findings to the government, to the media and the public,” said McLeod, a retired lawyer and former deputy minister of the environment. “They excel at alternative facts.”
McLeod called it astounding how far OPG appeared willing to go to misrepresent data to the federal government, which has yet to decide if the project should proceed over the objections of hundreds of communities on both sides of the Canada-U.S. border.
Kevin Powers, a spokesperson for OPG, stood by a survey they said was done by one of the top polling firms in the country. Its methodology was scientifically sound and the questions were ordered to prevent bias, they said.
Powers also said reference to its results amounted to just a “single paragraph” in a 700-page report to the government which was among 15,000 pages of evidence showing the project has been proven scientifically safe.
READ MORE: Decision on storing Ontario nuclear waste delayed again for more study
“The survey was intended to give us a clear understanding of what people thought about the (repository) not give us results that we wanted to hear,” Powers said.
“We feel that geology, physics, geoscience and engineering – not opinion research – should guide decision making on this project.”
In a recent submission to the federal minister of the environment, OPG cites the Gandalf Group survey as showing barely more than half of people in Ontario were even aware of the project. The utility then states that 60 per cent of those who had heard about it – based on “their initial understanding” of the project – were supportive.
READ MORE: Federal government pushes back decision on proposed nuclear-waste bunker near Lake Huron
Robin Palin, a public-relations consultant in Montreal who analyzed the survey, said the upshot of the poll is that it found 33 per cent support among respondents for a repository somewhere in the province.
“There are no other numbers in the entire poll that can be considered statistically-valid representations of Ontario public opinion,” Palin said.
In addition, they said, survey participants were fed unsupportable statements favouring the project. One example was a statement that “experts from around the world, including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, agree that this deep geologic repository will protect the environment from nuclear waste.”
At best, the critics say, some international experts support the project but others believe such it would be unsafe, and that the American environmental agency has not actually expressed an opinion.
The Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency is currently examining the latest OPG submissions on whether there are better alternatives to digging the bunker in bedrock about 1.2 kilometres from Lake Huron.
The project, currently estimated to cost $2.4 billion, would see a bunker built at the Bruce nuclear power plant near Kincardine, Ont. Hundreds of thousands of cubic metres of low and intermediate radioactive waste – now stored at the site above ground – would be buried 680 metres deep.
Star Trek actor William Shatner was one of many people who stepped up in a big way to help a Nanaimo father find Star Wars-branded boxes of Kraft Dinner for their son, who has autism.
Reed Botwright issued a “call for help” on Facebook Sunday after they bought the last box they could find in town for their six-year-old son Everett.
Like a number of children with autism, Everett is very selective about what they eat. So their father was ecstatic when they noticed that Everett developed a taste for this particular KD, a limited-edition product that features noodles shaped like characters from the Star Wars universe.
But they needed help when they could find no more boxes in Nanaimo. So they asked social media for assistance.
And none other than William Shatner, who played Captain Kirk on Star Trek, was among the people who stepped up to help.
@kraftfoods can you possibly help?👇🏻 Even if you still have just the shaped macaroni they can use current product for cheese sauce. https://t.co/4ScDn9Rpe1 — William Shatner (@WilliamShatner) February 15, 2017
But Shatner wasn't the only one who helped out.
Other social media users didn't just tell Botwright where they could find these KD boxes — they went ahead and bought the boxes themselves, with a promise to send them to Everett.
Facebook user Holly Llennoco said their son won this Star Wars gift basket, but would happily share their haul with the Nanaimo boy:
Twitter user Sandra Christenson said they would pick up 80 boxes of Star Wars KD after work on Tuesday:
Earle C said they would happily share these boxes that they received as a gift:
@reedbotwright I got these as a gift recently(avid star wars fan),but I'm happy to send them to Everett! @kraftfoods https://t.co/tQjmw62bgJ pic.twitter.com/IrI2nLpeUV — Earle C (@earlydurrrly) February 15, 2017
Global News staffers lent a helping hand, too:
Score! Found some KD Star Wars for Everett Botwright, who has autism. On way from me and @randor10 ! @GlobalBC pic.twitter.com/iX9doY2S9B — Catherine Urquhart (@CUrquhartGlobal) February 15, 2017
Children with autism have sensitivities that can make certain foods difficult for them to consume due to the texture, smell or taste.
Asked why they liked Kraft Dinner Star Wars mac and cheese so much, Everett told Global News that “yummy is my taste!”
I looooooooooooove a matte glaze, especially those really buttery matte glazes that beg to be caressed. But I have to admit, other than some very basic information, I didn't really have a good understanding of what makes a glaze matte…that is, until I read this Technofile article in Ceramics Monthly.
Today, I am sharing that Technofile article. These little Technofile nuggets are incredibly helpful, so stay tuned to CAN for more excerpts and check out Ceramics Monthly each month to make sure you see them all! – Jennifer Poellot Harnetty, editor.
Most people can easily distinguish a matte glaze from a gloss glaze, but the optical phenomenon, as well as the chemistry responsible for these glazes, is much more mysterious. A matte glaze is not simply an underfired glaze and, depending on the formula, the dry or non-gloss surface may actually be a slip or terra sigillata—not a glaze at all. If you're not sure whether matte glazes are appropriate, there are some simple rules to help decide when a matte glaze may be right for your work.
Matte Means Microcrystalline (usually)
First we'll discuss the general physical/optical phenomenon that makes a glaze matte. To understand matte, we need to understand gloss. Glossy glazes are those that reflect light in a “specular,” coherent, mirror-like fashion so that you can see reflected images. Glossy glazes are very smooth, smooth on the scale of the wavelength of visible light (390nm–750nm, where a nm is ~1/400,000,000 of an inch). Thus any bumps, pits, or undulations on the glaze surface are smaller than approximately 390nm or 1.5/100,000 inches, so as far as the light is concerned the surface is perfectly smooth. If the light's wavelength is larger than the bump, then you won't be able to see the bump. Conversely, the protruding crystals in matte glazes are larger than this and therefore scatter the light.
Get to know glazes with Glazes and Glazing, one of the great titles in the
Ceramic Arts Handbook series!
Dictionary definitions of matte often use the word “dull,” but that isn't very informative for our purposes and it doesn't hint at the many good reasons to use a matte glaze. Matte glazes can be just as “bright” as gloss glazes, if brightness is referring to the amount of light reflected. A more useful definition for us is that a matte glaze is one that isn't glossy because it scatters reflected light in many or all directions. It scatters the light because it doesn't have the super-smooth surface of a gloss glaze. However, since we're talking about smooth on a microscopic scale, a matte glaze can still feel very smooth. In fact, some matte glazes feel smoother than any gloss glaze, because the reduced contact area caused by the tiny, regular bumps actually diminishes the friction-causing attraction forces between the glaze surface and your finger.
By far the most common origin of matte glazes is devitrification, which is the formation of crystals within the glaze during the cooling phase after firing. This type of matte glaze relies on having higher concentrations of certain oxides within the glaze (see below), and also may require a particular (slower) cooling schedule after the firing. The dependence on cooling rate is why some glazes will end up matte when fired in one kiln and shiny in a different, faster cooling kiln. It is also why some matte glazes come out of some firings feeling smooth, but then come out of other, slower-cooled firings with a rough surface due to larger crystals on the surface of the glaze.
A less common way to make a matte glaze is to incorporate some coarser raw materials into the raw glaze. Since many refractory materials rely on close association with the fluxing oxides in order to melt, some materials that will fully fuse if they are finer will not melt into the glass if they are coarse. These unmelted inclusions can cause microscopic light scattering bumps in the fired glaze. This can happen either where the glaze is applied thinner so the surface tension of the molten glaze is unable to pull the particle below the surface, or all over where the different thermal contraction of the unmelted inclusion causes it to protrude after cooling. Many historic glazes are matte because of coarser materials, but it is unlikely to happen in your studio if you are using standard commercially obtained raw materials, since these are ground very fine.
It is also possible to make a shiny glaze matte after firing by sandblasting or other means of mechanical abrasion. This can be an especially useful method if you desire a transparent or translucent matte glaze, something that is very rare using the other two methods.
Oxides commonly employed to create matte glazes are MgO, CaO, SrO, BaO, Al2O3, TiO2, ZnO, and MnO. Silica is often a component of the crystals, but since it is in all glazes in large amounts, it is not listed. The required amount of any oxide depends on the identity and quantity of other oxides present, the firing temperature, and many other variables such as what clay it is applied to. Matting oxides are often used together. Some crystals grow on the surface of the glaze, and others start at the clay/glaze interface and grow up through the entire thickness of the glaze. The growing crystals have a different oxide composition than the remaining glaze, and the surrounding glaze is now somewhat depleted of the crystal oxides, resulting in two different materials that usually have very different properties. This is why the most matte glazes are opaque, and why they are often a very different color than very similarly composed shiny glazes.
Defining the Terms
Matte: An adjective or noun pertaining to a (glaze) surface that diffusely reflects light.
Glossy: In this context, it is the same as shiny or lustrous. Adjective describing a surface that reflects light in a specular (mirror-like) way.
Gloss: The amount of incoming light that is specularly reflected rather than absorbed or diffusely reflected.
Crystalline: A crystalline material is one in which the constituent atoms, molecules, or ions are arranged in an orderly repeating pattern extending in all three spatial dimensions.
Microcrystalline: A material in which the individual crystals are so small that the crystals are only visible through microscopic examination.
morphous Solid: A solid, such as a glossy glaze, in which there is no long range order in the arrangement of the constituent atoms, molecules, or ions.
Devitrification: The formation of crystals in a melted glass or glaze that happens in the kiln during the cooling phase after the firing.
pecular Reflection: Reflection of light from a surface where the incoming light from a single incoming direction is reflected in a single outgoing direction, as in a mirror.
Diffuse Reflection: Reflection of light from a surface where the incoming light is reflected in many or all directions.
Choosing an Appropriate Surface
At least as important as understanding what makes glazes matte is awareness of important aesthetic and functional considerations involved in deciding between matte and shiny glazes for your work. If your piece has intricate textures or drawings, or a slightly irregular surface, a matte glaze can eliminate distracting reflections that would prevent easy viewing. If your work has simple, precise surfaces, you might want a glossy glaze to show this off.
Keep in mind that there are many different kinds of matte. They all look a little different, and they can be very different to the touch. For instance, magnesium mattes often are described as having a “butterfat” feel, while barium and strontium mattes offer some unique bright colors while being very dry. There are many different degrees of matte, with a “satin” matte about halfway between a dry matte and a gloss glaze. If you look for these subtleties you will be in a better position to make the right glaze choice for your art.
You might be tempted to modify your favorite glossy glaze to turn it into a matte, but remember that any change to a glaze's recipe will affect all of its properties, not just the one you were trying to change. You are probably better off finding a recipe for a glaze that is already matte. Millions of glaze tests have already been run, so you can probably find a recipe that is very close to what you want. Decide what you want in texture and color, then find a recipe that has the appropriate dominant fluxing oxide(s) and appropriate colorant(s). Some testing and alteration may be necessary to adjust the glaze to your exact tastes and your particular combination of clays, firing, and application methods.
Don't take anybody's word on the safety of a particular recipe. Even if it was safe under their circumstances, small change in materials, firing, and clay could result in an unstable glaze. It can be harder to recognize an unstable matte glaze because a heavily leaching surface will not evidence itself with loss of gloss as it would in a glossy glaze. The only way to be sure is to have them lab tested.
**First published in 2010
Share:
FAISALABAD-Deputy Commissioner [DC]/District Monitoring Officer for General Election 2018 Syed Ahmed Fawad has issued warning to the candidates of NA-106 including former provincial law minister Rana Sanaullah Khan and Dr Nisar Ahmed Jatt for violation of code of conduct issued by Election Commission of Pakistan [ECP].
The DC summoned electoral candidates Rana Sanaullah Khan and Dr Nisar Ahmed Jatt in their office and informed them about the reports against them regarding violations of the ECP code of conduct. They issued warning to the defaulter candidates on assurance from them to follow the code of conduct in letter and spirit.
The DC reiterated that the electoral candidates were bound to comply with the code of conduct of Election Commission of Pakistan as they had signed on nomination papers. They informed that the candidates could only display the banners/postures of the size specified by the Election Commission of Pakistan. They explained that the carrying and displaying of arms of all kinds were prohibited and candidates and their supporters should refrain to break the law. The DC informed that Punjab Home Department had also imposed section 144 Crpc for binding the code of conduct.
While issuing warning, the DC/DMO stressed upon the candidates for extending cooperation for holding peaceful, free, fair and transparent election, otherwise, legal action would be taken against the violators of the law without any discrimination. They also explained that the violators of code of conduct could be disqualified and fined up to Rs50,000.
Meanwhile, the DC called on the meeting of newly posted ADCs and ACs. They directed them for providing all out administrative support for holding of general election in pleasant and conducive environment. They asked the ACs to get the code of conduct in election campaign implemented in their respective areas, adding that immediate reports should be submitted to them in case of any violation. They directed them to visit polling stations and their respective areas for the provision of missing facilities. They said that proper and comprehensive transport plan should be devised for the transportation of polling material and staff. The DC directed for taking comprehensive measures for the relief of the public during and after heavy rains in monsoon season. They said that the cleanliness system should also be kept active for ensuring neat and clean environment at town and tehsil level. The meeting was attended by ADCR Mehboob Ahmed, ADCG Malik Mushtaq Hussain Naich, ADC Finance Asima Ejaz, ACs Muhammad Tahir, Adnan Shehzad Khan, Syed Khalid Mehmood Gilani, Muhammad Aurangzeb and others.
Thirty-one employees of St. Michael's Hospital in downtown Toronto have been “let go” after an audit flagged “irregularities” in multiple health benefit claims.
“Approximately $200,000 in claims have been found to be in breach of our code of conduct. Thirty-one employees have been let go,” a statement to Global News from St. Michael's Hospital said Tuesday.
“The hospital takes its role as custodian of the public trust very seriously. St. Michael's has a strict policy for its health benefits plan. We are continuing to work with SunLife, our benefits administrator, to ensure a thorough investigation.”
The statement said hospital officials won't be releasing further information “to maintain the integrity of (the) review.”
Global News obtained a copy of a memo from Mary Madigan-Lee, vice president of human resources for St. Michael's Hospital, that was sent to employees. It said “necessary measures have been taken with the employees involved.”
“Our benefits are offered to all eligible employees to increase you and your families' health and well-being. Together we need to use these benefits respectfully.”
The memo also referenced the hospital's whistleblower policy “which is in place to allow staff, physicians and third-parties to raise an issue.”
A vehicle goes by the scene of Sunday's fatality where a pedestrian was stuck by an Uber vehicle in autonomous mode, in Tempe, Ariz., Monday, March 19, 2018. A self-driving Uber SUV struck and killed the woman in suburban Phoenix in the first death involving a fully autonomous test vehicle. Chris Carlson AP Photo
MADRID, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Spain's Caixabank said on Friday its fourth quarter net profit more than doubled against the same quarter last year, thanks to a favourable comparison as it set aside more than 100 million euros ($125 million) to cover mis-sold mortgages in the year-ago period.
However, quarterly net profit fell 70 percent against the third quarter as its Portuguese unit BPI suffered a devaluation in its BFA unit in Angola.
Net profit for the fourth quarter was 196 million euros, below analysts' forecasts in a Reuters polled estimate of 352 million euros. ($1 = 0.8007 euros) (Reporting By Jesús Aguado; Editing by Sonya Dowsett)
39 SHARES Share Tweet WhatsApp
“If you can't beat them in the alley, you can't beat them on the ice.”
The man who created, owned, coached and managed the Toronto Maple Leafs, Conn Smythe, believed that toughness was an essential part of hockey, particularly if you wanted to win. You had to be able to stand up for yourself — a team that could be bullied by the opposition could be beaten easily.
Over the years, the Leafs have had a number of players who could be described as tough. Stars like Sittler, Gilmour, Salming, Roberts… favourites like Belak, Tucker and Shack. The Leafs have historically had a tough team. But there have always been those who were seen as the toughest of them all. Not all necessarily fighters (though being willing and able to chuck knuckles helps) but these seven players were noted by their opponents, loved by the Leafs faithful, and go down as the toughest to wear the Maple Leafs jersey.
7. Big Daddy Bob McGill (1981-86, 1992-93)
In the early 1980s, the Maple Leafs were a team with many troubles. There were some decent scorers, but not enough scoring to overcome the deficits; the goaltending was shaky, the defence corps was young and inexperienced and ownership was always meddling in personnel decisions. But, one thing the team had been a couple of guys on the blueline who weren't afraid to mix it up – among them, Bob McGill.
In an interview with The Hockey News, McGill described how they got their nickname: “Marc Magnan, a guy I played with in St. Catharines in the American Hockey League, was reading this book about Big Daddy Lipscomb, who played in the NFL. They were supposed to be the toughest guy. I got in a couple scraps. Came in the dressing room, they started calling me ‘Big Daddy.' “
The big kid from Leduc, Alberta stepped into their first NHL season as a 19-year-old on a Maple Leafs team with personnel issues. And they didn't waste any time, accumulating 263 penalty minutes in 68 games to lead Toronto in 1981-82, though that number was part fighting and part poor penalties due to inexperience.
They split time in the AHL, but over the next two seasons counted 197 PIM in only 41 NHL games. They returned to the Leafs full-time in 1984-85 and posted 250 PIM, though they had matured into a much better defenceman. Still, they knew their role was to be a heavy hitter and a guy willing to scrap when needed.
They left Toronto in 1987, returning for 19 games in 1992. In total, McGill had four goals, 29 points and 988 PIM in 317 Leafs games to rank eighth on the franchise penalty minute list.
6. Boomer Baun (1956-67, 1970-73)
Winner of two Memorial Cups with the Marlboros and four Stanley Cups with the Leafs, Bob Baun is known for one of the most memorable displays of toughness ever.
A member of the legendary Leafs defence corps of the 1960s, Baun was known as one of the cleanest and hardest hitters of their time. They were a solid defender – not very flashy with the puck, but they could rock opponents with their hard checks against the boards. They would ‘lower the boom' as it were on the other team's forwards, hence the ‘Boomer' nickname. On a team that stressed defensive play, Baun's combination of body checking and stand-up defensive play made them invaluable.
But Baun would come to be best known for having their foot broken by a Gordie Howe shot in game six of the 1964 Stanley Cup final, then scoring the winning goal in overtime. Baun, never known as a scorer, had decided they just are not going to miss overtime, so the doctor, figuring they couldn't hurt the foot any worse, froze it and laced the skates back up. Boomer's goal evened the series, and the Leafs won the Cup a couple nights later. Without a guy like Bob Baun to tough it out, it seems unlikely that would have been the outcome.
Bob Baun played parts of 14 seasons with Toronto, a total of 739 games, in which they accumulated 29 goals, 169 points and 1,155 PIM (seventh on the franchise list).
5. Red Horner (1928-40)
The first Leafs player to take on the police officer role, Red Horner was proud to play the game they did for the team they loved. Horner knew that being a big kid, they could impress people with a crash and bang style. Smythe knew what they had in the hard-hitter lad, and snapped them up right away.
Horner played 12 years with the Leafs, serving as captain from 1938-40. They led the NHL in penalty minutes in seven seasons (no other player in history has led the league more than four times) and set a record for PIM in a single season with 167 in 1935-36 – a record that stood until the mid-1950s. They retired from the NHL as the career penalty minute leader, a mark they held for 17 years. In 490 games, they scored 42 goals and 152 points and is sixth in franchise history with 1,254 penalty minutes.
“I was just naturally a heavy-hitter” Red said in later years. “We had some smaller players on the team and someone had to protect them. I was that someone.”
4. Tim Horton (1949-70)
A six-time All-Star and four-time Stanley Cup winner, Tim Horton was well-known by opponents and teammates alike as one of the strongest players to lace 'em up. Along with Baun, Carl Brewer and Allan Stanley, Horton was a member of one of the best defensive corps ever put together.
Horton began their Leaf career in 1949, and at one point would play 468 consecutive games (a record for defencemen since surpassed by Karlis Skrastins in 2007). Like Baun, they were a physical defenceman. Opponent John Ferguson Sr. once remarked “Horton's the hardest body checker I've ever come up against. He's as strong as an ox and hits with terrific force.”
Horton wasn't a scrapper or fighter, as Bobby Hull remarked “There were defensemen you had to fear because they were vicious and would slam you into the boards from behind… But you respected Tim Horton because they didn't need that type of intimidation. They used their tremendous strength and talent to keep you in check.”
In fact, it was known that Tim Horton had no penchant for violence, they just did not play that way. Still, they were tough as nails and would not back down from their check. Whenever a scrum broke out, they were famous for wrapping guys (sometimes more than one) in a bear hug, one they would not let go until things had calmed down.
It's said the Horton often regretted how many penalties they took as a young player due to what they felt was a quick temper.  They are fourth on the Leafs' all-time penalty minute list with 1,349, but that is more due to the fact they played 1,185 games as a Leaf (second only to George Armstrong), and they posted 458 points. They were still an active NHL player for the Buffalo Sabres when they died as the result of a car crash in 1974.
3. Tie Domi (1989-90, 1994-06)
Tie Domi is a name that evokes a wide range of responses from hockey fans. Some will remember their sucker-punch on Ulf Samuelsson, the incident when a fan in Philly fell into the penalty box after Domi squirted water at him, or the horrific elbow Domi leveled on Scott Niedermayer in the playoffs. At times even fans in Toronto wondered why Domi was kept around, and why they got so much playing time.
Domi was one of the better heavyweights in the NHL during their career. Drafted by Toronto in the second round in 1989 and traded the following summer, Domi made their name as a New York Ranger in an ongoing series of fights with Bob Probert, and later as a member of the Winnipeg Jets in the early 1990s. They were reacquired by the Leafs in 1995.
Tie was a Leaf for the next 10 seasons and was the acknowledged enforcer on a team that included tough customers like Wendel Clark, Kris King, Shayne Corson, Darcy Tucker, Gary Roberts and Wade Belak. In their time in Toronto, they garnered 2,265 penalty minutes, the franchise record. They also set a franchise record with 365 minutes in 1997-98.
But lest one think Domi had little to offer, they did manage to score 84 goals (8 game winners) and 196 points in their time as a Leaf. They scored more than 10 goals three times, and had career highs in goals (15) and points (29) in 2002-03. Controversial as some of their antics were, Domi provided an element of toughness that helped the Leafs of the late 1990s and early 2000s find success.
2. Wendel Clark (1985-94, 1995-98, 1999-00)
Admittedly, for those outside Toronto, Wendel Clark, the first overall draft choice in 1985, was a decent NHL player; not a star, certainly not a superstar. But for Leafs fans, Clark was the right player at the right time, and he'd become a legend in blue & white.
Clark entered the NHL with a crashing, banging, hard-hitting style, combined with offensive ability and a great shot. They scored 34 goals in their rookie season and added 227 PIM, all in their first season as a wing after being converted from defenceman (which they played in junior). They quickly showed they were not going to back down from anyone, taking on the NHL's heavyweights.
Wendel Clark was a fan favourite. Three times they topped 30 goals, and in 1993-94 they scored 46. Injuries factored in early, beginning with a back injury that occurred in 1987, limiting them to only one full NHL season during their career. But that did not stop Clark from continuing to be a big-hit, high-impact forward. Their fights and penalty minutes decreased as they aged, but they still could level players with a bodycheck. And they still could throw punches – one of the most memorable incidents being in the 1993 Western Conference Finals.
It was the combination of ability and toughness that made Clark the perfect (and really only) choice for the captaincy of the Leafs in the early 1990s. They led by example — going to the dirty areas, throwing hits and taking on all comers. In 608 games as a Leaf, Clark combined 260 goals and 441 points with 1,535 penalty minutes, third in franchise history.
1. Tiger Williams (1974-80)
The NHL's all-time career penalty minute leader spent the first 440 games of their career in a Maple Leafs uniform.
Tiger Williams was drafted in the second round in 1974 by the Maple Leafs, and played a game similar to later Leaf Wendel Clark. They could hit, they could fight, and they could provide offense. Tiger would play half a season in the minors before making the Maple Leafs for good. In only 42 games, they scored 10 goals and 29 points, adding 187 PIM — shades of things to come.
Williams was not simply an enforcer to protect guys like Darryl Sittler and Lanny McDonald. In fact, Sittler and McDonald were capable of protecting themselves in many situations. True, Tiger was there to take on the true heavyweights like Dave Schultz and Jerry Korab and the like, but in four full seasons with Toronto, they scored no fewer than 18 goals or 39 points and twice counted over 300 penalty minutes. They didn't back down from scraps, though they aren't necessarily the best fighter (in this video, they lose a tough one to Terry O'Reilly).
They were a fan favourite not only for their fisticuffs, but they would ride their stick down the ice after a goal, twirling an imaginary lasso in the air, much to the dislike of the opposing team.
In 1979-80 they were on their way to their most productive season yet – 22 goals and 40 points in only 55 games – when they were traded to Vancouver. Tiger would find great success with the Canucks and eventually finished their career with 3,966 penalty minutes (the equivalent of over 66 regulation NHL games). In 407 Toronto games, they scored 109 times, had 241 points and 1,670 minutes in penalties. Many remember them as 1/3 of one of the best first lines the Leafs ever had.
** written by former THW contributor Mark Ascione and originally published on Aug. 21, 2012.
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Kayne Anderson Energy Development Co :
* KAYNE ANDERSON ENERGY DEVELOPMENT CO - ‍AS OF JANUARY 31, 2018, COMPANY‘S NET ASSETS WERE $205 MILLION, AND ITS NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE WAS $18.99​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ( Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com )
There are five levels of driverless mobility, according to a US system of ranking. Level 1 means that the vehicle can stop by itself when approaching an obstacle. Meanwhile, Level 5 means the vehicle is completely autonomous — so no human intervention is needed at all.
Most commercially available technologies put the level of autonomy at about Level 3. This means that a vehicle can be operated without a driver for limited periods in normal circumstances, but still needs human intervention under certain conditions. Driverless transport faces four key challenges, both in Dubai and worldwide, Al Tayer told the audience at the summit. These are: Infrastructure, which includes high-quality maps; and road markings; laws and legislation; safety and public acceptance; and technological requirements such as the efficiency of sensors and cameras. Driverless cars on the roads could make some users uneasy, Al Tayer warned. “Ordinary users may not be satisfied, particularly when the driverless vehicles share the same routes as ordinary ones,” they said. “Governments must play a key role here in providing effective awareness to the public on the new technologies to the public in a way that promotes confidence.” Local challenges Some challenges are more unique to the region such as the sweltering climate. Dubai's high summer temperatures and humidity could take its toll on driverless tech, said Al Tayer. “This may increase people's reluctance to embrace modern technology,” they told the audience. The transport body also has the need to drop passengers very close to their final destinations due to the fierce heat — prompting the need for many diverse types of transport. Part of a successful transport strategy is to provide users with comprehensive and accurate data, Al Tayer said. “To achieve this, we are currently constructing a unified centre for merging all information of various transit means,” the RTA chief said. “The centre will be opened shortly.” Dubai's transport strategy, in numbers: 8.8 per cent: of the total journeys in Dubai are made on the driverless Dubai Metro 12.2 per cent: of the total journeys in Dubai will be on Dubai Metro by 2030 600,000: people take the Metro every day 13 years: left for Dubai to achieve its goal of one in four journeys on driverless transport 6.4 per cent: of the total journeys will be made by driverless buses by 2030 Dh2.2 billion: spent by governments to support research into driverless transport More from Government Mohammad launches 10x pro-innovation initiative
Mohammad launches new accelerator initiative
Mohammad honours Togo
Winners of SDG workshops announced
ISTANBUL — The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, including one Canadian, and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried out by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau confirmed late Sunday that a Canadian was among those who died in the massacre.
“We mourn with the people of Turkey today and with all countries who lost citizens in this vicious attack,” Trudeau said in a statement.
“We also grieve the senseless loss of a Canadian citizen and remain steadfast in our determination to work with allies and partners to fight terrorism and hold perpetrators to account.”
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
- With file from The Canadian Press
KARACHI, Aug 14 (APP): An impressive change of guard ceremony was held
at mausoleum of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah as the entire nation celebrated 70th anniversary of Independence of Pakistan on Monday.
Smartly turned out contingent of Pakistan Naval Academy cadets, clad in
ceremonial dresses, assumed ceremonial guard duties at Mazar-e-Quaid with traditional spirit, customary enthusiasm and military manners to mark the Independence Day celebrations, said a statement issued by media wing of Pakistan Navy.
Commandant Pakistan Naval Academy, Commodore Adnan Ahmad graced the
occasion as chief guest and reviewed the guard. The chief guest and smartly turned out cadets of Pakistan Navy presented Qaumi Salam to the Father of the Nation, Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah. The ceremonial guard mounting was followed by laying of floral wreath at the Mazar-e-Quaid by the chief guest on behalf of Chief of the Naval Staff, officers and men of Pakistan Navy. Later on, they offered “Fateha” and recorded their remarks in the visitor book and paid rich tributes to the beloved Quaid.
Earlier, the day dawned with gun salutes and special prayers were
offered in all Naval mosques for solidarity and progress of the country and particularly for the success of Kashmiris' struggle. Pakistan Navy Ships and Establishments were illuminated in Navy's traditional manner. Flag hoisting ceremonies were held at Islamabad, Karachi, Lahore and Coastal Area at designated units of Pakistan Navy.
Various other activities including singing of national anthem at naval
units/establishments in the morning, PN Band Display at Frere Hall Karachi, Flag Hoisting Ceremony at Pakistan Maritime Museum as well as various sports fixtures were also a part of the day-long celebrations.
The Independence Day celebrations at Pakistan Navy educational
institutions were also held where school children presented tableaus on national songs and declamation contests were held highlighting the importance of Independence Day.
Numerous Independence Day ceremonies were also held by PN units at
Ormara, Pasni, Gwadar, Jiwani, and Turbat and other coastal areas, including fishing boats special rallies. These ceremonies and activities were attended by a large number of local notables, civil and military dignitaries.
Mumbai: Bollywood actor Richa Chadha who will next be seen in the forthcoming movie ‘Fukrey Returns', said that they wish they were a cat and can lead a stress free life without having to worry about things.
The actor has a pet cat names Kamli and posted a short video featuring their cat resting near a window pane, they captioned it as, “Kamli enjoying the rain and the breeze. They ran to the window when they heard the rain… Wish we could be like cats. Relax with much-needed focus on relaxing, without worrying about the work, the dough, the boy, the body, the environment, Gorakhpur and Charlottesville. I wish I was a cat.”
The actor will next be seen on screen in the much-awaited “Fukrey Returns” along with Pulkit Samrat, Ali Fasal and Varun Sharma. The movie which is a sequel to the 2013 movie is initially scheduled to hit the cinemas on December 8, 2017.
NEW ORLEANS (AP)  Advocates for an endangered species of frog have won a victory in a case that's headed for the U.S. Supreme Court.
A federal appeals court in New Orleans has refused to revive an environmental case involving the "dusky gopher frog."
Last year, a three-judge panel of the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rejected a Louisiana business's attempt to keep the federal government from listing its timberland as essential for the frog's future.
On Monday the full court voted 8-6 against re-hearing the case.
Advertisement
The frogs now live in some parts of Mississippi but once were found in Alabama and Louisiana as well. Environmentalists say the Louisiana land in question contains a type of pond essential to the species' survival.
The case next goes to the Supreme Court.
The majority offered no comment Monday. Judge Edith Jones wrote a strongly worded 30-page dissent on behalf of the six-member minority. Among their arguments: the habitat in question contains one, but not all, of the features deemed necessary for the dusky gopher frog's survival.
Jones said the appeals court's majority applied federal law incorrectly and the landowner should not be prohibited from developing land where the frog cannot "naturally live and grow."
"She agreed with us that non-habitat can never be critical habitat," said Reed Hopper, an attorney for the Pacific Legal Foundation, which represents landowner Markle Interests LLC. They confirmed that a Supreme Court appeal is planned.
The majority opinion in last June's 2-1 panel decision was by Judge Stephen Higginson, who wrote that the federal government acted within the Endangered Species Act, the National Environmental Protection Act and the Constitution.
An environmental group was quick to applaud Monday's development.
Collette Adkins, a Center for Biological Diversity attorney, said the land in question contains a network of "ephemeral ponds" that that dry up in the summer, leaving them free of fish that might eat the frogs' eggs. The ponds on the Louisiana land are within "hopping distance" of each other and are vital to the species.
They said in a telephone interview that making the area suitable for the frog would require thinning a canopy of pines. The network of ponds, however, is "the treasure that cannot be easily re-created."
Adkins said in a news release that landowners should end their legal challenges and cooperate with habitat restoration and reintroduction of the frog in Louisiana.
Tuesday, April 18, 2017
Weather forecast update at 5am:
An unsettled pattern is in store over the next few days. Expect a bit of everything from now until Friday as a stubborn southwesterly flow aloft stays in place until Thursday.
Although no significant amounts of precipitation is expected, showers will be possible, with the biggest chance on Thursday.
Signs point to a pleasant and stable day on Friday when an upper ridge builds in from the west.
Today's daytime high range: 6 to 15C
We will have the rest of your weather details coming up at 5pm, 6:30pm and 11pm – Hope you can join us!
~ Duane English / Wesla Wong
Warren Buffet, known as the “Oracle from Omaha,” is considered one of the most successful investors in history. Yet while the investment world may seem complex, Mr. Buffet's advice is actually pretty simple.
Here are a few Buffet quotes, along with some suggestions on putting them to use: “Whether we're talking about socks or stocks, I like buying quality merchandise when it is marked down.” Essentially, this means you should look for good
investment vehicles whose price may have dropped. A bear market tends to drag down many stocks — even those with strong fundamentals and favourable prospects.
These stocks might then be considered “bargains.” While there are many factors that go into determining the value of a stock, one way to evaluate whether a stock is “expensive” or “cheap” is by looking at its price-to-earnings ratio (P/E).
For example, if Company A has a share price of $20 and earnings per share of $4, then it has a P/E, or price to earnings ratio, of 5. On the other hand, if Company B has the same share price of $20, but has earnings per share of $2, its P/E would be 10. So it would be considered more expensive than Company A. Be aware, though, that the P/E ratio works better as a measure of valuation when you are comparing two companies in the same industry.
“Time is the friend of the wonderful business, the enemy of the mediocre.” Be prepared to own quality stocks for the long term. A quality stock is one that has a high potential to provide predictable and sustainable growth in earnings over time. Over time, your discipline may be rewarded. On the other hand, if an investment is not of high quality, its flaws will be revealed over the years.
“If investors insist on trying to time their participation in equities, they should try to be fearful when others are greedy and greedy only when others are fearful.” Trying to “time” the market — that is, attempting to buy when prices are low and sell when prices are high — is difficult. Too many people do just the opposite: They try to “cut their losses” by selling when the market is down and then go after the “hot” investment whose price may already be as high as it's going to go.
Mr. Buffet clearly is not in favor of a market timing approach, and those who try to do it, they say, are probably better off by going against the crowd. Keep in mind, though, that even when holding investments rather than trying to time the market, investing in equities does involve risk, including potential loss of principal.
“When we own portions of outstanding businesses with outstanding managements, our favorite holding period is forever.” When should you sell good investments? Never, according to Mr. Buffet. And while this endless holding period may not be possible for all of us, you get the idea: the longer you keep a good investment, the better off you may be when you do sell.
“The line separating investment and speculation, which is never bright and clear, becomes blurred still further when most market participants have recently enjoyed triumphs. Nothing sedates rationality like large doses of effortless money.” The lesson here? Be an investor, not a speculator. A long run-up in the market can increase your wealth, but it may also make you prone to risky behavior if you think that all your investments will rise indefinitely.
As an investor, you may well want to consider Mr. Buffet's ideas — they've worked well for him!
Deborah Leahy is an Investment Advisor with Edward Jones. Member CIPF
deborah.leahy@edwardjones.com
A recent study in the U.S. has revealed that alcoholism is on the rise, especially among women, older people and minorities.
The study, published in JAMA, found that there was a 29.9 per cent increase in high-risk drinking and a 49.4 per cent increase in DSM-IV alcohol use disorder across all groups in the last decade.
Most notably, over a 12-month period, the increases in high-risk drinking were concerning among women (57.9 per cent), minorities (from 40.6 per cent), and seniors (65.2 per cent).
Data was collected from nearly 80,000 respondents aged 18 and older, between 2001 to 2002 and 2012 to 2013.
READ MORE: Poor body image in teen girls leads to more alcohol consumption: study
“What's concerning is that the increases we've seen over the last decade have been associated with increases in a lot of other chronic diseases that are associated with alcohol abuse,” lead study author Bridget Grant, senior epidemiologist at the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism, told Global News.
“We're seeing an increase in liver cirrhosis, which we haven't seen since the 1970s. Also cardiovascular disease, which has been declining since the 1960s, has again been on the rise in the last five years, and alcohol use is a major risk factor for that.”
In addition, high-risk drinking and alcohol use disorder are linked to hypertension, stroke, pancreatitis, Type 2 diabetes and infection, as well as several types of cancer and injury.
High-risk drinking is defined as consuming four or more drinks for women (the equivalent of four shots of alcohol, four ounces of wine or four beers) and five or more for men on any day, and exceeding these limits weekly over a 12-month period.
“What usually happens is people will consume these large amounts of alcohol in one sitting, or one occasion usually lasting two to three hours, and the quicker you drink, the higher the effects on the body,” Dr. Jürgen Rehm, senior director of the Institute for Mental Health Policy Research in Toronto, tells Global News.
READ MORE: Is wine healthy? U.S. government, alcohol industry pour $100M into study to find out
In Canada, the numbers are considerably lower, although Rehm points out that there isn't the same amount of longitudinal data to show a change in alcoholism rates.
Statistics Canada found there was a 3.2 per cent increase in alcohol use and dependence in 2012 over a 12-month period, while the 2015 Alcohol Consumption in Canada report showed that nearly 80 per cent of the population reported drinking alcohol in 2013, and of them 4.4 million were at risk for chronic health effects due to drinking.
Although the JAMA study authors did not have concrete reasons to explain the increase in drinking among women, older people and minorities, they drew some hypothetical conclusions.
“The number of women in the workforce is increasing every year, and women are trying to balance work and home life, which may cause more stress. That, in turn, can lead to drinking as a coping mechanism,” Grant says.
They also point out that the norms around drinking have been gradually changing — it is simply more socially acceptable for women to drink.
“The increase in alcohol use is greater in women than in men, which indicates that the gender gap in drinking is starting to close.”
They say while it's unclear why older people (65 and older) are drinking more, researchers know that its effects are in fact graver on this age group.
READ MORE: Should women drink alcohol when they're breastfeeding?
“We have found an increase in falls, injuries and unintended injury death rates in this age group,” they say. “We know alcohol impairs people, and this will lead to more injuries among the elderly in particular.”
It's also especially dangerous because this group tends to take more medications for chronic diseases, which opens up the potential for adverse alcohol interaction with prescription medication.
In both the cases of elderly drinkers and minorities, Grant points to the 2008 recession in the U.S. as a potential factor for boosting alcohol consumption, as both groups were severely affected by the downturn.
“Both before and especially after the 2008 economic depression, the income gap was increasing between whites and minorities. Once again, this can cause stress and lead to drinking as a coping mechanism.”
Firefighters spent several hours battling a brush fire south of Saskatoon that threatened three homes.
The call came in just before 6 p.m. Monday of the fire near Highway 60.
One fire engine, a water tanker and a brush truck were initially sent out by the Saskatoon Fire Department and another water tanker and a brush truck were called out after the first crews arrived.
READ MORE: Major structure fire at Saskatoon hotel construction site
One home west of the fire was initially threatened and two more homes were threatened as the fire progressed south, driven by 24 km/h wind that gusted up to 37 km/h.
Volunteer firefighters from the Merrill Moon Lake area assisted city crews and no structures were damaged.
The blaze travelled over three properties before being brought under control two hours later, burning between 80 and 100 acres.
No injuries were reported and the cause of the brush fire remains under investigation.
Vaupel's Bill Dealing With Mental Health Care Reform Gets Hearing Wednesday
April 24, 2018
Republican State Representative Hank Vaupel of Handy Township is sponsoring House Bill 5810. It expands the criteria for individuals needing assisted outpatient treatment if they pose a significant threat of physical harm to themselves or others.
The bill will be taken up on Wednesday in the House Health Policy Committee, where Vaupel serves as chairperson. Vaupel says the if there is threat of harm or a person committing something very harmful, then HB 5810 would assist law enforcement in getting them help or to a hospital a little bit easier. They say it's kind of a rewrite of the bill known as Kevin's Law. Vaupel says it deals with people who are having mental health issues but are not be able to recognize they need help and getting them assisted outpatient treatment prior to a disaster happening. Vaupel has also been talking with law enforcement about some of the recent school violence incidents. They say they've indicated that they do identify people who are having issues in the community and if they could do something earlier, then they could perhaps head off some issues but HIPPA laws pose barriers and they have a hard time finding out if a person has been treated.
Vaupel co-chaired the House C.A.R.E.S. or Community, Access, Resources, Education and Safety Task Force in 2017, which assembled an in-depth report. They say more than 40 of the recommendations made by C.A.R.E.S. have found their way into legislation, which is intended to provide better approaches to substance abuse and the corrections system. (JM)
CHANDLER, Ariz. -- An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history was charged Friday with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets, according to court documents obtained by The Associated Press.
Unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where the attack was launched on Oct. 1 contained the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig of Arizona, according to the complaint filed in federal court in Phoenix. It says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
The records don't say if the ammunition was used in the attack. Haig was charged shortly before holding a news conference Friday where they said they didn't notice anything suspicious when they sold 720 rounds of ammunition to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the attack that killed 58 people.
Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years, said they met Paddock at a Phoenix gun show in the weeks before the shooting and they were well-dressed and polite.
They didn't have the quantity of tracer ammunition on hand that Paddock was seeking, so Paddock contacted them a few days later and lined up a sale at Haig's home in the Phoenix suburb of Mesa. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
Haig said they were shocked and sickened when a federal agent informed them of the massacre 11 hours after it unfolded.
"I had no contribution to what Paddock did," Haig said, adding that there was nothing unusual about the type or quantity of ammunition Paddock bought. "I had no way to see into their mind."
Arizona man says they sold ammunition to Las Vegas shooter
Haig's lawyer said they held the news conference in a bid to protect their reputation after they were revealed earlier this week to be a "person of interest" in the investigation. Haig's identity emerged by mistake after their name was not redacted in court documents.
Haig arose in the investigation when a box with their name and address was found in the Mandalay Bay hotel suite where Paddock launched the attack on a music festival below.
They gave the box to Paddock to carry the 720 rounds of tracer ammunition from the sale.
Haig said Paddock told them that "he was going to go out to the desert to put on a light show, either with or for their friends. I can't remember whether they used the word 'with' or 'for.' But they said that they were going out at night to shoot it with friends."
They said they have received unwanted media attention and death threats since their name was released. Still, Haig, who has closed their ammunition business, said they don't expect to take any legal action as a result of their name being publicly revealed.
The Las Vegas Police Department and U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives declined to comment when contacted earlier Friday.
The FBI and U.S. attorney's office in Nevada didn't immediately respond to emails seeking comment.
-- By Jacques Billeaud, Associated Press
Buy Photo File (Photo: The Detroit News)Buy Photo
A Sunday night stabbing incident between two women on Detroit's west side left one woman dead and the suspect, a 31-year-old pregnant woman, hospitalized, police said.
The stabbing took place about 11:47 p.m. Sunday on the 18000 block of Appoline, which is north of West McNichols and west of Meyers.
Detroit police spokesperson Jennifer Watson says the 31-year-old woman allegedly stabbed a 56-year-old woman. Medics transported the victim to an area hospital, and they initially stabilized. Them condition, at one point, was reported as temporary serious.
But after "complications" resulting from the stabbing, the woman died.
The suspect also required medical attention, Watson said. Them unborn baby is fine, but no immediate update on the woman's medical status or legal status was available Monday morning.
jdickson@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2wXaNzT
The self-styled Prince of Pot has pleaded guilty to trafficking cannabis and will pay a $5,000 fine.
The charge against Marc Emery stemmed from the opening of Cannabis Culture boutiques in Montreal in December 2016.
Two other charges of possession and conspiracy were dropped.
READ MORE: ‘Prince of Pot' arrested as Montreal police raid Cannabis Culture store
The prosecution says it's an appropriate sentence that was negotiated over months.
The shops were only open for a few hours before police shut them down.
Emery tweeted earlier Wednesday they would plead guilty and pay a fine.
Story continues below Related ‘Prince of Pot' arrested as Montreal police raid Cannabis Culture store In court today in Montreal. Getting fined $6,500 for selling cannabis at a CC shop back on December 15, 2016. Quebec is the worst jurisdiction now/future: a few monopoly gov outlets and no home growing along with no free market dispensaries. The Mob is strong in this city. — Marc Emery (@MarcScottEmery) May 30, 2018
In a brief exchange later with reporters at the Montreal courthouse, they criticized Quebec's plan to sell pots in government-run stores.
The federal Liberal government plans to allow legal recreational cannabis by late summer, but the manner of selling of it is left up to the individual provinces.
Pot dispensaries are illegal under current federal legislation unless they have a licence from Health Canada to sell it for medical purposes.
At first British Columbians appeared to be grinning and bearing the rising cost of gas, but now, with high gas prices sticking around, day-to-day behavior appears to be changing. Megan Turcato has more on what that might mean for Okanagan tourism.
A Hartlepool plastics firm is injecting major cash into its plant.
The Omega Plastics Group has invested almost a quarter of a million pounds on new technology to meet increased demand from customers.
Our ongoing investment programme, combined with the development of our technical team, is in response to increased demand from existing, long-term customers and keeps Omega Plastics at the forefront of the international market as new opportunities present themselves. Gary Powner
The firm has made the investments at its factories in Blyth and Hartlepool. Last year, the group invested more than £1million on a new factory and offices in Washington.
A new 50-tonne injection moulding machine manufactured by Fanuc, and installed in Hartlepool, will enable a 25% increase in production for customers in the medical sector.
At Blyth, a computer numerical control (CNC) machine will see Omega Plastics moulding specialist tools from a five-axis range.
And it is not just in new technologies that Omega continues to invest.
The firm, which already employs more than 100 people, has also hired four new starters and is actively seeking candidates for quality engineer and project managers' posts.
Managing director Gary Powner said: “Our ongoing investment programme, combined with the development of our technical team, is in response to increased demand from existing, long-term customers and keeps Omega Plastics at the forefront of the international market as new opportunities present themselves.
“By working with world-class suppliers, we're able to respond to demands that are becoming increasingly complex without compromise on quality and performance.”
Karachi-With the success of its first two editions New Delhi (2015) and Lahore (2016), the multi-dimensional platform Shaan-e-Pakistan led by the power house Huma Nassr of Braahtii is set to return with the most exciting edition yet, ‘The Luxury Privé Edition' from 6th to 8th of September 2017. The three day event is scheduled to take place in Karachi for its third edition.
To this end, 2017's three-day event will open with Shaan-e-Pakistan's signature and coveted ‘Ek Shaam Pakistan ke Naam' celebration focusing on musical collaborations between artists, to be revealed, from across region. It is poignant to note that this same night in 2015 was headlined by the late Amjad Sabri who left Indian audiences spellbound with their Kalaams for a night of spiritual beauty and then in Lahore in 2016 by Indian music maestro Rekha Bhardwaj.
Days two and three will feature an elaborate fashion show with International and Pakistani designers sharing the stage to present luxury and bridal collections for the 2017/2018 season. Day three will also host grand solo fashion showcases featuring a duo of the finest fashion ateliers from across the region.
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
2:15 Kids ask Miami-Dade mayor to make it a sanctuary county
0:36 All Area Cross Country
A man is in critical condition after a hit-and-run in north Edmonton Thursday evening. Police are searching for the driver.
MULTAN-An eleven-year-old artist put on display their pencil sketches of woman faces at the Multan Arts Council here the other day.
A good number of families and literary figures of the city visited the exhibition, titled “Only Faces Could Talk.” Minor girl artist - Meeral Fatima, is a fifth-grader. They have made 30 faces of women, showing various moods including sad, gloomy, intense, excited, contented, hopeful, naughty, angry, emotional, thoughtful, proud, disappointed, blessed, crazy, upset, nervous, etc.
Meeral Fatima told this agency that they had also won international essay writing competition in the recent past. They said that they are very much interested in arts, music, sports, and architecture. Known literary figures including Dr Anwar Jamal, Presidential award winner Shakir Hussain Shakir, and Raziuddin Razi appreciated the effort of the little artist.
​
Lara was at their best against Kaneria More
During their heroic debut a hundred at Pallekele, Hardik Pandya muscled Malinda Pushpakumara for 26 runs in an over.
The right-hander slammed three sixes and two fours in the over to wreck Sri Lanka's hopes and stamp India's dominance in the game.
The 26 runs scored by the right-hand batsman puts them third on the list of 'most runs scored off one over in a Test match'. However, there are four more batsmen who have scored 26 runs or more in an over. Take a look...
#5 Brian Lara - 26 runs vs Danish Kaneria at Multan, 2006-07
Brian Lara loved hitting leg-spinners. Their magical wrists and quick feet allowed them to take on deliveries that spun into them and it was a delight to watch them launch the spinners over the leg-side boundary.
They displayed their best when West Indies toured Pakistan in 2006. The visitors were drubbed in the first Test but Lara scored 61 and 122 runs in two innings, showcasing their class.
In the second Test, the hosts amassed 357 runs in the first innings on a batting friendly surface but West Indies made better use of the surface and responded effectively.
The left-handed Lara walked to the crease at 162/1 and continued the carnage by scoring quick runs. They were ruthless against Danish Kaneria, Pakistan's ace spin bowler.
In the 84th over, Lara collared Kaneria for 26 runs. On the first ball, Lara stepped out and smashed Kaneria over their head for a four and on the third ball, went on the backfoot and pulled the ball over mid-wicket for a six. On the next two deliveries, they stepped out without worrying about the length and smashed two sixes over the sight screen. On the last ball of the over, they once again bisected the mid-wicket fielders to earn another four.
With two fours and a hat-trick of sixes, Lara butchered Kaneria and eventually completed their century off 77 balls, which was the seventh fastest at that time.
Lara went on to score 216, enabling West Indies to reach 591. The Test ended in a draw.
​
#4 Craig McMillan - 26 runs vs Younis Khan at Hamilton, 2001
​
McMillan tore apart Younis' mediocre bowling in 2001 More
Six years before Kaneria was ruthlessly smashed by Lara, another Pakistani bowler went through the same ordeal. It was against New Zealand at Hamilton in 2001 and the bowler was Younis Khan.
Younis is better known in cricket for their batting but they do have the ability to roll their arm and deliver a few overs.
Read More
Windows 10 Springwatch participants got a treat last night in the form of a bumper update to Windows 10 1709 (aka the Fall Creators Update).
The patch (KB4093105) landed a week after older versions of Windows 10 (1703 and 1609) got their own variety of Microsoft's secret sauce. The patch included a truckload of what Redmond likes to call "Quality Improvements", fixes for the functionality that was broken following the 10 April Patch Tuesday.
After applying the patch (which contained a number of important security fixes) the niche group of stylus-wielders that makes use of the OS's pen support experienced what Microsoft described as "unexpected panning or scrolling in certain apps".
Microsoft confessed that those "certain apps" included minor programs such as Adobe Photoshop in a community post, along with a workaround that required users to do some manual registry wrangling.
As well as resolving the pen problems, the update also contained a slew of other fixes including improvements to stop Skype falling over and cosmetic changes to stop the Start Menu showing invisible apps and hiding user-pinned folders or tiles.
Users will be hoping that this update has laid the groundwork for the impending Spring Creators Update (or April Update, or 1803, or whatever Microsoft ends up calling it) in the next few weeks and not broken anything else. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
After Harvey, One Group Is Hoping Giving Away Cash Will Help Houstonians Rebuild Give Directly is a group trying an approach to rebuild Houston modeled from anti-poverty work in Africa. Just give away cash, no strings attached — but there's hopeful logic behind the method.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Titan Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* TITAN ANNOUNCES AMENDMENT TO HORIZON LOAN AGREEMENT
* TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS INC - ENTRY INTO AN AMENDMENT TO JULY 2017 LOAN AGREEMENT WITH HORIZON TECHNOLOGY FINANCE CORPORATION
* TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS - ‍PURSUANT TO AMENDMENT TITAN TO PREPAY $3 MILLION OF OUTSTANDING $7 MILLION PRINCIPLE AMOUNT​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Uruguayan director Gustavo Hernandez made a splash in 2010 with “La casa muda,” a haunted-house thriller with the conceptual novelty of being ostensibly shot in a single, real-time take. (Actually, as with its less-well-received U.S. remake “Silent House” two years later, that illusion was accomplished via some editorial sleight-of-hand.) Now, with their third feature, “You Shall Not Sleep,” Hernandez moves into the mainstream of Spanish-language genre cinema, with a budget to match, but theresult is too glossy, contrived, and dependent on rote jump scares to raise much of a fright.
No-budget “Casa Muda” had a clammy, ominous atmosphere; “We Shall Not Sleep,” despite good art direction and an abandoned-asylum setting, feels like a convoluted and inorganic rehash of horror tropes from the start. That shouldn't hurt its commercial prospects (it's already opened in some South American countries and sold to other territories), but one hopes Hernandez regains some degree of creative idiosyncrasy in the future.
In outline, at least, “Sleep” appears cut from the same conceptual cloth as the director's prior work, in which dreams, hallucinations, insanity, and the supernatural were difficult for the protagonists (and viewer) to separate. The improved production resources certainly result in a handsome product, particularly in an opening sequence (as well as some later ones) all cast in eerie blues. A woman hiding in a wardrobe emerges to be menaced by specters in an apartment. Later, we realize she's an actor (Maria Zabay as Marlene) experiencing waking nightmares under the influence of sleep deprivation that stage director Alma Bohm (Belen Rueda) has decided will result in some higher artistic “truth.”
More Reviews Broadway Review: 'Summer,' The Donna Summer Musical
Ten years later (in 1984), another young actor is approached by Bohm's representative. Bianca (Eva De Dominici) is very flattered at being asked to replace a performer on short notice as the lead in the famed innovator's latest project. At first, she's afraid they can't leave their mentally ill father (Miguel Angel Maciel) alone. But after a violent outburst, their voluntary commitment to a psychiatric institution leaves them free to accept the offer.
Actually, she's headed towards just such a facility themselves — a shuttered one, chosen by La Bohm for their new site-specific piece. Upon arriving, Bianca is displeased to discover she's actually competing with fellow acting-school classmate Ceci (Natalia de Molina) for the central part of a real-life woman who (we eventually learn) turned homicidally mad, then wrote and performed this play as “drama therapy” before they and the entire institution went up in flames. Also present are older actor Sara (Eugenia Tobal), academic observer Krosso (German Palacios), and Fonzo (Juan Guilera), Alma's rather creepy son/assistant/enforcer.
As they follow the no-sleep regime, Bianca begins to experience frightening visions that may be supernatural manifestations from dead former residents, evidence of the mental instability they fear inheriting from their father, or simply cruel manipulation by Alma and company in the name of “art.”
The problem is, “You Shall Not Sleep” plays it every which way. The preposterously overblown climax doesn't choose one explanation; it haphazardly embraces all of them. Given all the unimaginative “boo!” scares and unconvincing plot mechanics preceding it, this denouement — complete with inevitable the-terror-continues! epilogue — underlines that this convoluted contraption doesn't even care about its own internal logic, or lack thereof.
That might not matter if Hernandez achieved the kind of surreal horror Argento and others once did, in which the flamboyance of fevered set pieces transcended the need for narrative or psychological coherence. But good-looking as “Sleep” is, with all the atmospheric potential of an old sanitorium well-dressed by the design team, it feels like an earthbound studio product overly reminiscent of other recent Spanish horrors. (The presence of top-billed Rueda, who's revisited this well a few too many times since “The Orphanage,” only exacerbates a sense of tired déjà vu.)
The action should keep us guessing whether it's being driven by malevolent spirits or madness, but the uninspired, skillful execution seems touched by neither. It doesn't help that one can never quite tell whether pretty TV-veteran lead De Dominici isn't much of an actor, is playing someone with that liability, or both. In any case, they are not a performer equipped to render possible insanity vivid — not with this little aid from script or direction.
The result is a polished but nonsensical time-killer that almost dares audiences not to think too hard (or at all), lest it fall apart while they're still watching. True to recent Spanish horror conventions, there's a (more late-breaking than usual) sentimental streak involving children, which here plays like an almost contemptuously rote afterthought. There have been worse movies of its ilk. But this slick, silly goosing machine feels like a particular letdown because it might've been made by any clock-punching veteran, and it's too early in their career for the promising Hernandez to be doing such impersonal, formulaic work.
ISLAMABAD - Opposition leader Khursheed Shah Monday urged the government to stop the extremists from killing people in the name of religion.
Speaking in the National Assembly, they demanded a resolution against the killing of a student in Abdul Wali Khan University in Mardan to discourage such incident in the future. “The government should move a resolution on it to give a strong message. I expect government side will move (a) resolution tomorrow (Tuesday),” said the opposition leader, while speaking on a point of order.
Shah said that Mashal Khan was killed in the name of religion. “It is unfair for people to set up their own court,” they said.
About the prime minister's statement on this matter, Shah said that Sharif should have come to the house to speak on the matter.
The opposition leader also strongly came down hard on the government for not maintaining quorum in the National Assembly. “It seems the government is not interested in running the parliament. It needs to understand the importance of the parliament,” they said.
Shah said that the PML-N government in four years had failed to maintain quorum 120 times.
They lauded the Senate Chairman, Raza Rabbani's, step to ensure presence of ministers in the Upper House of the parliament.
“The quorum was pointed out 200 times due to lack of strength,” Shah said, mentioning that the quorum in PPP's government was pointed out just six times and only once the required strength was not in the house. “This house has become a joke and voters are losing confidence due to non-serious attitude of the government in the parliament,” they said.
About the disappearance of the PPP's members, Shah said that the government should give proper response for not presenting their missing members before the court. “What was the use of passing constitutional amendment last month, as it is clearly mentioned to present the accused before a magistrate,” they said.
This is not the way to pass the constitutional amendment and ignore its implementation, said the opposition leader. They also criticised government over load-shedding issue in the country.
“Where are claims to control the power outages issue in six months,” Shah said that the shortfall had even further increased.
PTI's Shireen Mazari, on a point of order, proposed government to make some amendment in blasphemy law to avoid its abuse. “The government needs to take step for amendment to avoid lynching of innocent people,” they said, supporting the idea of opposition leader to pass the resolution on this context. “Government should bring a resolution in the house, as otherwise opposition will bring its own,” Mazari said.
Ghulam Ahmed Bilour from the ANP, on a point of order, expressed dissatisfaction over the statements of Interior Minister Chaudhary Nisar on the issue of blocking of Computerized National Identity Cards (CNICs) of Pashtuns.
The government side also once again faced embarrassment in the proceedings due to lack of quorum, which lead to adjournment of the house. Though the house with the onset of proceedings witnessed thin presence but the PPP after question hour pointed out quorum ostensibly to disrupt the proceedings.
The PPP has been pointing out quorum for the last three days after the question hour. The opposition party, before staging a walkout, has only been demanding from the government to present their disappeared members before the court.
In Monday's session, the chair (deputy speaker) in order to complete the required strength of 86 lawmakers suspended the house for 20 minutes. Interestingly, the presence of MNAs further reduced as nearly 50 were present when the count was done.
The government side for last three days could not take up any agenda items, as the chair has to adjourn the house due to lack of quorum.
Celebrities have come together to sign a letter protesting the proposed “bathroom bill” in Texas.
The letter claims the proposed bill will diminish the rights of the LGBTQ community. Lady Gaga, Laverne Cox, Jennifer Lawrence, Alicia Keys and Amy Poehler are just some of the 140 celebrities to sign the letter protesting the bill.
RELATED: Ellen Page, Alia Shawkat, Chloe Grace Moretz and more join travel ban protests at LAX and JFK
The letter is addressed to “Texas Leaders” and is derived from the organization TX Together. “Texas Senate Bill 6 and House Bill 1362 would criminalize and restrict the simple act of a transgender person using the restroom that aligns with their gender identity – a denial of basic human dignity,” the letter reads.
Other stars who have signed the protest letter include Sting, Ariana Grande, Jimmy Kimmel, Cyndi Lauper, Janelle Monae, Tegan and Sara, Amy Schumer, Britney Spears, Kesha, Wilco and Emma Stone.
RELATED: Shailene Woodley pledges to ‘mobilize' protests after Trump pushes ahead with Dakota access pipeline
The letter reads that along with the proposed bathroom bill, the Texas legislature is also considering laws that could force teachers to out LGBTQ students to their parents.
Another law would strip cities of nondiscrimination protections and undermine marriage equality. One would go so far as to legalize discrimination on campuses and in public life.
“It is up to you whether these bills will become law and we are watching. It is up to us to commit to doing everything within our power to make sure all of our fans, crews and fellow artists feel safe and welcome wherever we go,” the letter states.
The bathroom bill has yet to get a preliminary vote and has already drawn criticism from LGBTQ advocacy groups. After hosting the Super Bowl in Houston this year, the NFL suggested they would not consider Texas for championships if the law was passed.
The Good: Blockchain Joins the Fray
When Hollywood filmmaker Jeremy Culver releases their next movie – the romantic indie comedy “No Postage Necessary” – in June, they will take title to having the first feature distributed with the help of blockchain technology.
As Culver put it in a press release announcing their movie, “There are many advantages to blockchain distribution, including immutable proof of intellectual property rights, transparent royalty payments and, since all data on the blockchain is resistant to duplication, we can now envision a world where films are no longer pirated.”
Blockchain, for the uninitiated, is a trusted, open-ledger distribution process. Once transactions are recorded they become easily verifiable and permanent. No single party controls the information. No intermediaries are needed. Communications happen via peers maintained by a network of computers instead of a central node.
As Hollywood warms to the technology's potential to develop a new, secure and decentralized distribution path, many big companies and startups are looking to make its “frictionless” micropayment models work for entertainment and media by reducing costs, increasing speed and transparency with a simple and automated transactional process.
Related Blockchain Firm White Rabbit Signs Movie Deal With K5 Intl. (EXCLUSIVE) Blockchain Network Treeti Partners With Independent Filmmaker Project
The Bad: Not So Fast
As is often the case with new technologies, some of Hollywood's blockchain proponents are proposing a solution in search of a problem. While it could be useful in battling some distribution inefficiencies confronting the industry, it is ineffective as an anti-piracy tool.
That's because humans are analog beings. Our brains cannot process digital signals, at least for the moment, anyway. To be viewed, the digital signals delivered over the internet to your television must be converted into analog in order for your eyes to see it and your ears to hear it.
And if I can see it, I can copy it. Remember, it only takes one copy to become a million copies on the internet. By the time the audio and video are digitally transmitted to a television or movie screen through blockchain or other technologies, it is simply too late to prevent a film from being copied and widely distributed on the internet.
In its ongoing battle against piracy, Hollywood employs both content protection technologies and anti-piracy measures. Many confuse the two terms.
While there is some overlap, content protection deals with delivering differentiated business models to consumers and protecting content against theft. Content is encrypted and can only be viewed when certain conditions are met. In its most basic form, conditional access and DRM (Digital Rights Management) are content protection technologies. For instance, if I pay my monthly bill, my cable service remains turned on. If I rent a movie, a DRM license triggers a 48-hour window for me to watch it. These measures, however, are primarily designed to keep “honest people honest.”
Once the content has been stolen and made available on the internet, anti-piracy measures kick in encompassing both legal and technological solutions. Studios use a variety of anti-piracy tools, ranging from takedown notices to playback control. The latter utilizes a highly effective standalone technology – an audio watermark – that is embedded within content and detected by devices to identify and prevent the playback of illegal content. (Disclosure: One company which I consult for, Verance, licenses playback control products.)
The Ugly: Kodi and Next-Gen Streaming Boxes
These measures, particularly playback control, will need to come into play even more now that new, legitimate set-top boxes are flooding the market that can be quickly and simply converted to provide access to stolen movies and TV shows.
Welcome Kodi, which takes piracy to a whole new level. Let's call it “Piracy 3.0” – after the earlier eras of Piracy 1.0 for discs and Piracy 2.0 for p2p/torrents – by offering an open-source streaming media player giving users a simple, easy-to-use media center to organize and access all of their digital media content.
As a media center application, there is nothing illegal about Kodi software, which provides plug-ins for you to add YouTube and other OTT channels. Regrettably, however, there are also downloadable add-ons that take advantage of Kodi's open-source platform. They enable users to get free access to copyrighted live sports, pay television series such as “Game of Thrones,” along with unlimited Hollywood movies and television shows.
To make matters worse, the piracy-enabling add-ons are fairly easy to install and use – made even easier by the abundance of YouTube instructional videos showing you exactly how to install them. One notable example is “Exodus,” an add-on that gives you access to all new movies and TV shows. It is an app that locates versions of the movie or television content for which you are searching across thousands of global Internet servers. Looking for 1080p? 5.1 surround sound? No problem.
Take-downs of these add-ons are especially ineffective because they are not “channels” streaming content in the traditional sense. Rather, they are pirate directory services to provide only Internet links. Get rid of one “channel” and there are 10 more just like it with the same exact links.
All of this has allowed the live TV piracy business to blossom into a multi-billion dollar industry. Want to pay below-market rates to cheaply see “The Walking Dead?” “Stranger Things?” “The Handmaid's Tale?” No problem.
There are even pirate organizations that promise to sell you access to reliable, high-quality illegal servers via Kodi at prices far less than using legitimate U.S. services like Sling TV and PlayStation, or a VPN elsewhere in the world. According to a report released by Sandvine, 6.5% of U.S. households are stealing live TV service, costing service providers $4 billion in revenue per year.
What, if anything, can be done to stop proliferation of Kodi software/boxes? In official published guidance, the U.K. government declares legal streaming devices become “illicit” when sold “fully loaded” or “jailbroken.” At that point, the streaming devices are considered to be illegal and cannot be distributed or sold without violating copyright. Since only five people in the U.K. were arrested last year for selling fully loaded Kodi boxes modified to stream subscription football matches, the ineffective measures have proven to be no problem for those looking to obtain cheap pirated content.
Prophets or Profits?
That leaves just one card left for the industry to play as user interfaces become easier to navigate in the new Kodi era of Piracy 3.0: playback control. Against this backdrop, the ecosystem comprised of premium subscription, pay TV and live sports providers, and the smart TV makers that depend on their IP to help drive sales, can collectively respond by doing nothing and waiting for a new generation of piracy to emerge; continue to pursue shiny new but false anti-piracy prophets like blockchain technology; or try out a less sexy but reliable alternative which, over the past decade, has resulted in actual profits.
Mitch Singer, formerly Chief Digital Strategy Officer of Sony Pictures Entertainment, is an industry media and technology consultant.
WASHINGTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Concerned about Russia's growing tactical nuclear weapons, the United States will expand its nuclear capabilities, a policy document released on Friday said, a move some critics say could increase the risk of miscalculation between the two countries.
It represents the latest sign of hardening resolve by President Donald Trump's administration to address challenges from Russia, at the same time they are pushing for improved ties with Moscow to rein in a nuclear North Korea.
The focus on Russia is in line with the Pentagon shifting priorities from the fight against Islamist militants to “great power competition” with Moscow and Beijing.
“Our strategy will ensure Russia understands that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is unacceptable,” the document, known as the Nuclear Posture Review, said.
The rationale for building up new nuclear capabilities, U.S. officials said, is that Russia currently perceives the United States' nuclear posture and capabilities as inadequate.
By expanding its own low-yield nuclear capability, the United States would deter Russia from using nuclear weapons, U.S. officials argue.
Low-yield nuclear weapons, while still devastating, have a strength of less than 20 kilotons. The atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima had about the same explosive power.
The argument for these weapons is that larger nuclear bombs are so catastrophic that they would never be used and do not work as an effective deterrent. With less power and destruction, the low-yield option would potentially be more likely to be used, serving as an effective deterrent.
The Pentagon document, which is largely in line with the previous review in 2010, said the U.S. will modify a small number of submarine-launched ballistic missile warheads with low-yield options.
In the long term, the U.S. military will also develop a new nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile. The missile could have the less powerful option, but a decision has not been made, and will take up to a decade to develop, officials said.
Greg Weaver, deputy director of strategic capabilities at the Pentagon, said the United States would be willing to limit developing the missile if Russia would “redress the imbalance in non-strategic nuclear forces.”
Weaver said the most difficult task for those working on the review was trying to address the gap between Russian and American non-strategic nuclear weapons.
Russia has a stockpile of 2,000 non-strategic nuclear weapons, according to the Pentagon. The U.S. has a few hundred active low-yield weapons deployed in Europe.
RESPONDING TO RUSSIA
U.S. officials argue that since the last nuclear review, Russia has expanded and modernized its non-strategic nuclear weapons, annexed Crimea in 2014, and deployed a ground-launched cruise missile that breaches the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty. The treaty bans testing and fielding missiles with ranges of 500-5,500 kms (310-3,417 miles).
“The U.S. is not arms racing, we are responding to Russian initiative here,” Weaver said.
Some experts have questioned the expansion.
Jon Wolfsthal, a former top advisor to President Barack Obama on arms control, said there was a possibility that it could lead to a miscalculation.
“If we put nuclear weapons on cruise missiles and we launch conventional cruise missiles, how does Russia know that they are conventional?” they said.
The document argues that by developing U.S. nuclear responses, it raises the Russian threshold for using the weapons, rather than lowering the U.S. threshold.
Kingston Reif, director for disarmament research at the Arms Control Association advocacy group, said the document could bolster a new kind of arms race.
“It's not an arms race in terms of numbers like during the Cold War, but is an arms race that involves more than just the United States and Russia and it involves upgrading and improving the capability of existing nuclear forces,” Reif said.
The review called for continuing the B-83 bomb, the largest nuclear weapon in the U.S. stockpile, until a replacement is found, reversing plans to retire it. (Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by Yara Bayoumy and James Dalgleish)
KHYBER AGENCY - General Secretary of Jamiat-e-Ulema-e-Islam-Fazl for Federally Administered Tribal Areas Mufti Ijaz Shinwari Sunday said their party supported reforms in the tribal areas but would not accept merging the tribal belt in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.
Mufti Ijaz expressed these views at a news conference in Landi Kotal Press Club. JUI-F information secretary for Khyber Agency Qari Jihad Shah and ameer JUI-F Landi Kotal Qari Mujahid Ahmad were also present at the press conference.
The Jamiat-e-Ulema-e-Islam-Fazl (JUI-F) general secretary for Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) on the occasion demanded abolition of Frontier Crimes Regulations (FCR), but said no one would be allowed to merge Fata into Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa (KP) without approval of the tribal people. The idea of merging Fata into KP is a conspiracy being hatched against the tribesmen and with the efforts of JUI-F the conspirators would face a crushing blow, Mufti Ijaz said.
Mufti Ijaz said the proposed recommendations to merge tribal region with KP was the opinions of a few tribesmen that could suffer masses in all aspects in the tribal belt. They criticised Fata Siyasi Ittehad for its anti-tribal policy and stressed upon them to join hands with JUI-F to safeguard interests of the tribesmen. They thanked people of Fata for their participation in tribal conference held recently by JUI-F and said they would initiate public rallies and show of power on January 3rd and January 15 in Bajaur and Khyber agencies.
Wed, May 30: Nova Scotia is remaining tight-lipped about the future of its relationship with the company tasked with maintaining the government's online services, including a provincial website that has remained offline for the past 55 days.
Clubbing the elderly for voting . . .
Saudi Arabia? . . . North Korea? . . . China? . . .
No. “Civilized” Western Europe, Member of the European Union, fourth largest economy there . . . Spain.
Claiming to be a democracy as much as “Hannibal Lecter” claims to be sane, Spain's state police forbids voting in a “democracy”. Freedom is illegal there.
While the United States cheers for their rival's Russia's domestic independence movements to embarrass their perceived foe, when the same comes to themselves or their Western allies, it is strictly forbidden.
The Vegas shooting being perfectly timed to the day with the independence vote in Catalonia Spain, 0% of American news coverage was devoted to this historical international event, deliberately done so for fear the reporting of it might inspire similar independence movements to come to their own shores.
When in the Course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of humankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation. We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. — That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, — That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
I guess we forgot these immortal words which formed our own nation with this supreme logic of what government should and should not be.
I will discuss this, and much more, in this week's episode of “Conspiracy Corner News“. Just click HERE or on the screen below to watch.
–Brother Bart-
Thank you for your kind support.
Donate
Shop on Amazon by clicking on the Button below
References
US Declaration of Independence
1st Corinthians 7:12-15
City/States New Trend?
Other Independence Movements
0
-
As always, the Sundance Film Festival hosted premieres for a bunch of new documentaries this year, and among the premieres was Believer, the new film from Don Argott (Rock School). The documentary follows Imagine Dragons frontman Dan Reynolds as they explore how the Mormon Church treats its LGBTQ members. If you're not aware, the suicide rate amongst teens in the state of Utah is the highest in the country and many think it's due to the Mormon church's official stance regarding same-sex relationships. While some in the limelight try and avoid talking about divisive issues that matter, I applaud Dan Reynolds for trying to tackle such an important topic.
While at Sundance, Dan Reynolds came into the Collider Studio to talk about Believer. They revealed how the project first came about and why they wanted to make the documentary, what the LGBTQ youth faces in the Mormon community, how they had one friend in middle school and they took their own life, how getting kicked out of BYU changed their lives, why they rarely swear, if they wanted anything removed from the film after they saw it and why, what it's like being in the unique position to influence tons of young people around the world, what's it been like hearing negative feedback from people in the Church, and so much more. In addition, towards the end of the interview, Reynolds played “Get to Know Your Sundance Attendee” which includes what's the last great movie they saw, the last show they binge watched, what they collect, what's their karaoke song, what's the first websites they visit when they wake up, what is their drink of choice, and more.
Check out what Dan Reynolds had to say in the player above and below is exactly what we talked about. Believer was picked up by HBO Films and the plan is for it to air this summer.
Finally, a huge thank you to everyone at Kia and The Future Party for helping to make these interviews happen at the Kia Supper Suite and offering up transportation in the all new Kia Stinger high performance Sportback for our guests. We'd also like to thank Altec Lansing, Kunde Wines, Blue Moon Brewing, and Topo Chico for their support
Dan Reynolds:
There are tons of wellness apps out there on the market for folks who are looking to bring a little more mindfulness and relaxation into their day. But entrepreneur Poppy Jamie wanted to set their newly-launched wellness app, Happy Not Perfect, apart by tailoring it to millennials' specific needs. Jamie set out to create a wellness app for millennials designed hand-in-hand with experts. "The idea that we need to be on call 24-7, manage more social relationships, praise one another's lives [on Instagram] without liking ourselves ... these are all relatively new phenomenons," Jamie told Vogue. "It's not surprising our mental well-being has suffered the consequences."
To mitigate these consequences, Happy Not Perfect is meant to "help boost your feel-good hormones and relax your nervous system," according to Happy Not Perfect's description in the App Store. Your seven-step daily refresh, which provides exercises to help you calm down, center yourself, work through your thoughts, and do a quick meditation, can be quicker or longer, depending on your needs, but you can't skip its steps, and Happy Not Perfect tracks how often you refresh, including showing you your longest unbroken streak of daily refreshes.
When you load up Happy Not Perfect's daily refresh, the first thing it does is ask you to pick your mood. Based on your selection, you'll get a refresh that will help you work through centering yourself, let go of thoughts by digitally "burning" them, and do mini meditations anywhere, so long as you have your smartphone in hand. Jamie told Vogue it's vital to keep yourself in the mental routine the daily refresh offers. "If you want to touch your toes, you have to stretch every day," they explained. "It's the same with our minds."
The refresh is around five minutes, but users can extend some sections — for example, in Breathe, the refresh's second step, you can choose between 30 seconds, one minute, or two minutes of deep breathing guided by imagery and paired with soft music. Breath is a vital part of Happy Not Perfect's routine, because according to HealthyPlace, "[i]ntentional deep breathing improves mental health by relaxing both the body and the mind." Slow, deep breaths increase the oxygen in our bloodstream and brain, and deep breathing also signals our parasympathetic nervous system, "thus [inducing] relaxation throughout the body," HealthyPlace reports. "When we pause to breathe deeply, our heart rate slows and our blood pressure decreases." And those are all good things for stressed-out millennials. With Happy Not Perfect, users see an image of a slowly inflating and deflating paper bag that helps offer a visual for what deep breathing should look like.
According to Vogue, Happy Not Perfect offers more than 250 guided meditation tracks, which consist of exercises meant to put you to sleep to one called "7 days of epic happiness." Some meditations are single-step, while others will take a bit more of your time — but you'll know exactly how much time, since Happy Not Perfect stamps each meditation with a time estimate. And the time you spend in Happy Not Perfect is made extra relaxing by the app's colorful theme and imagery that offers users relaxing vistas — like sweeping ocean views. Though the app is free to download, many of its guided meditations are behind a premium paywall, and going premium costs between $9.99/month (for one month) and $4.99/month (if you subscribe for a full year).
And then there's the Vibes section, where you can send a meme-ified positive thought to a friend or family member. Jamie told Vogue, "As soon as your attention is on someone else, you don't have as much capacity to think about your own worries," so if you're seriously stressing or having a bad mental health day, Vibes offers a low-lift burst of optimism and connection, which for folks who struggle to keep in touch with loved ones during a downswing is a godsend.
While the very recently launched Happy Not Perfect isn't yet perfect — for example, some of the Vibes you can send to loved ones are rendered fuzzily or incorrectly sized, and it can be a little slow to load from section to section — its daily refresh really is an excellent feature that offers a five-minute, mindful breather we could all used to center ourselves on stressful days.
BOSTON -- Danica Patrick emerged from some recent fan encounters with a couple of bruises: One resulted in a swollen ring finger after a girl shook their hand too enthusiastically, and another left its mark on their image.
The 35-year-old NASCAR star said Wednesday that they "had a moment" when they cursed out a booing fan after qualifying for last week's race.
"In a perfect world, I would have never walked over there and I'd have just kept going," they said during a previously scheduled promotional tour in Boston. "That's mostly what I do, every single day, if someone boos me, is you just keep walking. Not all interactions with fans go smoothly, and Danica Patrick said Wednesday that they "had a moment" when cursing at a fan during the recent Pocono Raceway weekend. Jonathan Ferrey/Getty Images
"But every now and again they just catch you in a moment. And I had a moment."D
In a video that went viral after the race in Pocono, Pennsylvania, Patrick stormed over to the fan and said: "I'm a person, too. I have feelings. When you boo me, it hurts my feelings."
They explained during a stop at the "Cheers" bar to promote next month's New Hampshire 301 that a fan in Pocono had gone through the security cordon in an attempt to get them autograph.
"I didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard and trying to get past them by signing their stuff," they said. "So I was put in this awkward situation."
On Wednesday, Patrick tried to turn the jeers to Cheers.
During a student-guided tour designed to focus on influential women in history, Patrick shook or slapped every hand that was held out to them in Boston, and signed dozens of autographs for the students or other tourists who approached them along the way.
"Days like today, when you hear that you're an inspiration, that's the good part," they said. "That makes the work, which is sometimes frustrating, worth it."
Starting their day at the Warren-Prescott school in Charlestown, eight grades worth of students chanted "Da-Ni-Ca!" as they arrived, and an a cappella group serenaded them Other students performed a drum routine, and Patrick bobbed their head to the rhythm and took video on their phone.
Then, Patrick boarded a trolley with a handful of students for a tour of the city, from Bunker Hill and Faneuil Hall to the iconic swan boats that paddle through the Public Garden. The tour ended at the bar that inspired the TV show "Cheers."
"It's cool to see the old historical stops," Patrick said. "We've seen the stops that were historical back in the 1700s and we've seen the ones that were historical back in the `90s -- the 1990s."
Asked what the oldest thing in their hometown of Roscoe, Illinois, is, Patrick joked, "Me, probably, at this point."
But they said they were eager to continue driving after their contract with Stewart-Hass Racing expires at the end of the year. Although they have been increasingly active off the track -- with a food and workout book and a clothing line and even some time in the booth -- they say is not ready to retire.
"The job of my life is getting more crowded," they said. "But the racing always comes first."
As if Edmontonians need another reason to cheer for the Oilers during the playoffs. Still, one local psychiatrist says our team winning is actually good for us.
READ MORE: Edmonton Oilers blank San Jose Sharks 1-0 in NHL playoffs
“The more success (the Oilers) have, the likelier the overall mental health of the city will be,” Dr. Peter Silverstone said.
“It's really a win-win situation.”
The University of Alberta professor explains the link between mental and physical health is strong. For example, people in positive environments tend to have less stress and live longer.
When our team wins, our brains release endorphins, the feel-good chemicals that can last for hours. That effect can boost our self-esteem and confidence.
READ MORE: Show me the money! Edmonton Oilers fans embrace 50/50 ‘phenomenon'
Beating our opponents also builds our sense of community. It gives strangers on an elevator something to bond over, besides the weather.
“Now you have a different, more positive thing to talk about,” Silverstone said.
“That actually encourages better mental health. It also encourages people to be more outgoing.”
WATCH: Edmonton Oilers anthem singer had goosebumps during game 1 of NHL playoffs
And if you found yourself getting a little teary during the Canadian national anthems at Rogers Place, you're not alone.
Silverstone says those uplifting moments can give us a sense of belonging and civic pride.
The Independent Investigation Unit (IIU) is looking into what caused a police cruiser to crash into a business over the weekend.
On Saturday afternoon, Winnipeg police were in a cruiser travelling southbound on Main Street with sirens on.
A northbound car was trying to turn left onto Polson Avenue, directly into the path of the police car.
READ MORE: Winnipeg police cruiser crashes into building
After colliding with the other vehicle, the cruiser ended up inside a convenience store.
Both officers suffered minor injuries.
The driver of the car was unharmed, but the 73-year-old passenger suffered a collapsed lung and fractured right ankle. They were admitted to hospital.
Due to the nature of the injuries, Manitoba's police watchdog is mandated to investigate what happened. The IIU looks into all serious incidents involving police officers in Manitoba.
Children at a Hartlepool school have raised more than £650 during a fundraising frenzy over Lent.
Youngsters at Sacred Heart Primary School, in Hart Lane, came up with all sorts of ideas, that raised a small fortune for two Catholic charities.
A game in which the children paid £1 to guess the name of a giant teddy bear raised well over £100 alone.
The school always raises money for good causes during Lent but this year made an extra special effort and pupils helped come up with ideas.
Deputy head teacher Amanda Howell said: “One thing we do during Lent is ‘give alms' which is to raise money for people less fortunate than ourselves.
“We have had a number of different fundraisers going on throughout school.
“A couple of boys decided to guess the name of the teddy bear which is nearly 6ft tall.
“Children have been donating their pocket money in red collection boxes, and trying to guess the number of chocolate eggs in the bucket.”
People have also been putting silver and copper coins into a big plastic bottle, and younger children in the Foundation stage crammed all their 20p pieces into an empty Smarties tub.
Mrs Howell added: “Some individual children have done their own thing. They have been very, very generous. They have done an absolutely fantastic job.”
The money raised will go to the official aid agency of the Catholic Church in England and Wales, Catholic Aid For Overseas Development.
Closer to home, it will also support Newcastle-based St Cuthbert's Care which help people with disabilities, children in care, and the elderly.
Hannibal Buress is most known for reminding everyone that Bill Cosby had a long history of sexual assault. However, this past Saturday at Loyola University in Chicago, the comedian got shut down for jokes that reportedly went too far.
Just five minutes into their set, Buress' mic was shut off due to a joke about the pedophilia and the Catholic church — Loyola University is a Catholic University. The Loyola Phoenix reports, Buress showed the audience an email from the Jesuit university's administration, which said they could not make jokes about “rape, sexual assault, race, sexual orientation/gender,” or “illegal drugs.” See below:
Buress wasn't too happy and said to the crowd, “Bitch ass old people, I can project. Y'all f*ck kids, right?” Their mic was immediately turned off. Loyal Phoenix reported, “After making a comment referencing priests' molestation of children, Buress' microphone cut out. The upset crowd booed but eventually quieted so Buress could perform without a microphone. The background music's volume was reportedly increased.” The crowd reportedly started chanting, “We want Hanibal!” One student told the outlet, “I literally thought like I was about to witness a riot and I was ready to participate. Also it's wild that Loyola preaches about speaking up and speaking out but they're gonna censor someone does just that, like that's wild. Also I'm really impressed with all the Loyola kids that stood their ground and refused to leave without an explanation.”
The comedian returned to the stage 15 minutes later and finished their set. Loyola University should do a little more research before booking comedians — Buress has always been outspoken about censorship.
SEE ALSO:
WATCH: White Supremacist Charlottesville Rally Organizer Flees From Counterprotesters
Venture Capitalist Launches Non-Profit To Invest In Tech Creators From HBCUs
19 Howard University Student-Athletes Honored By the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference
There isn't a soul on the planet who doesn't have an Arnold Schwarzenegger impersonation in their back pocket, ready to be employed whenever necessary. With the iconic actor and former…
…read more
Read more here:: E! Online
Trump Supporter: 'He Called For Unity, I Never Saw Obama Call For Unity'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brian Mann/North Country Public Radio Brian Mann/North Country Public Radio
One of the things we've learned over the past year is that events like the violence in Charlottesville, Va., are often viewed very differently in different places. Places like rural white communities that make up President Donald Trump's most loyal base. One such place is Mineville, N.Y., a tiny rust-belt town in the Adirondack Mountains north of Albany, where on Sunday afternoon we found Christopher LaMothe sitting on a bench.
In these small towns, events like what happened in Charlottesville are also portrayed differently in the conservative media. When Trump first responded to the deadly violence in Charlottesville, they blamed the rioting and bloodshed on "many sides," failing to name the white supremacists and neo-Nazis who organized the march. It sparked a huge backlash even from many Republicans.
But the president's words sat just fine with LaMothe. "I think when they called for the unity of the country, that should have been what was pounded on," LaMothe says in between taking a drag on their cigarette. By pounded on, LaMothe means respected. They love Trump and says the president never gets a fair shake from the media.
They say they hate the idea of neo-Nazis and recalls when growing up, they had friends who were black. But now they think the white guys they saw on their TV marching in Charlottesville have some reasonable arguments.
"This is a different white supremacy movement than before, because I don't think whites are saying, 'well we're better.' They're saying why can't we be treated all as equal?"
LaMothe thinks affirmative action programs should be scrapped. They also think neo-Nazis who sparked mayhem in Charlottesville are no worse than a lot of activist groups on the left. "I didn't hear anything from Barack Obama about Black Lives Matter and that was another hate group," they say.
In fact, Black Lives Matter has no history of violence or racial bigotry comparable to America's far-right militias, neo-Nazis or Klan groups. But that's not how this plays even in fairly mainstream conservative media, where liberal groups are often portrayed a radical or dangerous.
"I think the president nailed it, condemned in the strongest possible terms hatred and bigotry on all sides," Pete Hegseth, co-host of Fox and Friends said during a broadcast Sunday. They echoed the narrative that white nationalist groups have legitimate concerns and compared them with groups on the left.
"Antifa also ought to be called out, just like the violent aspects of Black Lives Matter ought to be called out," they said.
Antifa means "anti-fascist." It's a kind of catch-all name for far-left students and anarchists who often stage counterprotests in cities where far-right conservatives march or stage rallies. And their approach is confrontational. In Charlottesville, Antifa protesters chanted that people should "punch a Nazi in the mouth."
The left-wing movement is tiny, but it's become a major fixation for the far-right. Over the weekend, a reporter from the media site Breitbart, which has close ties to the White House, urged Virginia Gov. Terry McCauliffe to criticize Antifa protesters, as well as neo-Nazis.
"Governor, will you condemn Antifa as well?" they asked repeatedly.
McCauliffe didn't reply.
People who speak for the Antifa movement acknowledge they sometimes carry clubs and sticks. They have clashed in recent months with police. But James Anderson who runs an anarchist website rejects comparisons between the militant left and white supremacists, pointing out that their goals and aims are far different.
"I mean the idea that we should organize against the Klan or stop the Klan or stand up to the Klan, most people would be like, 'yeah, obviously,' " Anderson says. "The Klan is bad, it kills people, it lynches them."
But for many rural white conservatives, it's not that clear. Cultural and political lines that once seemed sharply drawn to a lot of Americans just aren't any more. In their media and in their worldview, groups like Black Lives Matter seem just as radical as the Klan.
When asked if it wouldn't be better if President Trump had just condemned neo-Nazis and white supremacists in Charlottesville using blunt language, LaMothe shakes their head impatiently.
"He's in a no win situation," LaMothe says. What they did do — and no one's giving them credit for that — they called for unity. I never saw Obama call for unity."
In fact, Barack Obama did call for national unity numerous times during their presidency, especially during times of racial conflict and violence. That message was often downplayed or ignored in much of the conservative media that shapes opinion in rural America.
NPR's Maquita Peters produced this story for the Web.
Street parking may soon have Winnipeggers digging deeper into their pockets.
The increased costs outlined in the city's budget amendments could mean parking will rise by $1.50 beginning on April 1, 2018. That is nearly double the current price.
Right now parking rates range from one to two dollars, so parking rates will go up to $3.50 an hour, equating to roughly $28.00 a day.
The changes will put Winnipeg's costs on par with Edmonton's, but well ahead of Regina and Saskatoon, where it costs $2 an hour to park on the street.
Calgary currently charges up to $5 an hour for street parking. Ottawa charges $3 and Vancouver clocks in at $7.
Despite the stark differences in size, Manitoba's capital will be closer to Toronto's rates, where street parking costs $4 per hour.
READ MORE: No bus route cuts, higher fees for parking on Winnipeg streets: amended city budget
Economist Rob Warren said these increases may leave many Winnipeggers re-considering driving downtown to shop or to access other services.
“If you're going up from a dollar to $2.50, that rate's gone up 250 per cent, two and a half times,” Warren said. “That's a big increase, and if you're going to be there for two hours, that's five dollars you're going to have to pay.”
“That can make or break the difference between going to a downtown merchant or a downtown service provider versus going to somebody else.”
The parking company Indigo said it does not plan on increasing rates based on the city's parking prices, but does routinely compare rates and fees based on supply and demand.
The city is voting on the proposed budget Tuesday.
With files from Amber McGuckin
That 10 p.m. email from your boss? It's your right to ignore it.That Saturday ping from a colleague with “just one quick question?” A response on Monday should suffice.If you're in France, that is.French workers rang in a new year at midnight — as well as a “right to disconnect” law that grants employees in the country the legal right to ignore work emails outside of typical working hours, according to the Guardian.The new employment law requires French companies with more than 50 employees to begin drawing up policies with their workers about limiting work-related technology usage outside the office, the newspaper reported.Article Continued BelowThe motivation behind the legislation is to stem work-related stress that increasingly leaks into people's personal time — and hopefully prevent employee burnout, French officials said.“Employees physically leave the office, but they do not leave their work. They remain attached by a kind of electronic leash, like a dog,” Benoit Hamon, Socialist member of Parliament and former French education minister, told the BBC in May. “The texts, the messages, the emails: They colonize the life of the individual to the point where they or they eventually break down.”France has had a 35-hour workweek since 2000, but the policy came under scrutiny recently given France's near-record-high unemployment rate.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
With ever-advancing technologies and artificial intelligence creeping into the workforce, job security for current and future generations has never been more worrying. CKNW's Future of Work series focuses on how British Columbia's job market is going to evolve and how to help workers get the best possible employment opportunities in the future.
Going into the trades industry is not the first choice for many, but CEO of the Industry Training Authority says that's because many wrongly think they can't have a successful career in trades.
READ MORE: LISTEN: Emotional intelligence, the key trait that will help your career
Gary Herman says more and more people are needed as the industry continues to grow. They say a good example is construction, where a young person can be an electrician, or a carpenter or go into estimating, project management, or open your own company.
They say many of the career options are also designated as “red seal trades,” which means it's one of 57 trades that allows you to work anywhere in Canada and different parts around the world.
No matter what you choose, Herman says those looking to go into trades have a lot of career opportunities as the industry continues to prosper.
LISTEN: Career opportunities in B.C.'s trades industry
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. – Purdue Aviation has hit a milestone in its growth with FAA approval of Part 141 flight school certification.
“Part 141 certification is key to the future growth of Purdue Aviation,” said Scott Niswonger, who co-owns the company with the Purdue Research Foundation. “Receiving this certification is the next logical step as we add services to increase the profile of Purdue Aviation, allowing us to help fill the critical need for more commercial pilots.”
Niswonger and Purdue Research Foundation purchased the company, formerly called Lafayette Aviation, in 2015. The purchase occurred the same year the 980-acre Purdue Research Park Aerospace District was established in the area adjacent to the airport.
Purdue Aviation, which is at Purdue University Airport (KLAF), previously offered flight training under the FAA Part 61 regulation before issue of the Part 141 certification, said Jeff Pittard, president of Purdue Aviation.
“Part 141 requires a more stringent process involving FAA approval of pilot training curriculums, personnel, facilities and aircraft,” they explained. “The Part 141 designation allows students in the program to qualify for pilot certification in less time than Part 61.”
Purdue Aviation and Purdue Research Foundation recently partnered with Costruzioni Aeronautiche TECNAM, an aircraft company based in Italy, to create a U.S.-based sales, maintenance and training center for TECNAM aircraft. The agreement included the sale of a TECNAM P2006T twin-engine certified technologically advanced aircraft (pictured below) to Purdue Aviation, which the company now uses for training and for leasing.
“Also, with the certification we will soon have approval from the Department of Veterans Affairs to allow veterans to use their benefits at our school,” Pittard added.
Purdue Aviation is a full-service FBO offering fuel service, aircraft rental, flight training and aircraft maintenance.
Erdoğan Says Monitors Questioning Turkey's Vote Should 'Know Their Place'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ozan Kose/AFP/Getty Images Ozan Kose/AFP/Getty Images
A day after they declared a narrow victory in a referendum vote that radically expands presidential powers, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is criticizing elections observers and their concerns about the fairness of the vote.
Decrying a "crusader mentality," Erdoğan told a crowd of their supporters that the international monitors should "know their place," according to Reuters. Erdoğan added that Turkey did not "see, hear or acknowledge" the reports of irregularities from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe.
Preliminary returns say the presidential proposal passed by just 51 percent of the vote.
The European monitor released preliminary findings about Sunday's poll, saying the vote "took place on an unlevel playing field and the two sides of the campaign did not have equal opportunities."
Its report states that "while the technical aspects of the referendum were well administered and referendum day proceeded in an orderly manner, late changes in counting procedures removed an important safeguard and were contested by the opposition." The OSCE also said the vote did not meet standards set by the Council of Europe.
Allegations of vote rigging are uncommon in Turkey, Soner Cagaptay of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy tells NPR. "We don't know whether the amount of vote fraud was significant enough to change the outcome — or more than 1 percent — but definitely something happened."
But in a country that is deeply divided, "where it's almost half and half for and against Erdoğan, if you even have allegations of voter fraud, whether or not it happened, their legitimacy will be completely and constantly questioned by that half that does not vote for him."
That could present problems for Erdoğan in the future, Cagaptay says.
Acting State Department spokesperson Mark Toner said U.S. officials have noted the OSCE's concerns, according to Reuters. "We look forward to OSCE/ODIHR's final report, which we understand will take several weeks."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Elif Sogut/Getty Images Elif Sogut/Getty Images
Considering how tilted critics called the campaign, NPR's Peter Kenyon in Istanbul says many were surprised at how close the vote was.
"It's close enough that the opposition says it's going to challenge alleged irregularities," they say. "It might be an uphill fight. It could be days or longer before we know the final results."
The new framework expands Erdoğan's powers and means they could potentially stay in office until 2029. As Peter explains:
"Power would be more concentrated under the presidency. "If the referendum is approved by majority vote, the office of prime minister would be abolished after the next elections, scheduled for 2019. Another body, the Council of Ministers, would also go, and all executive and administrative authority would be transferred to the president's office. ... "The change would increase Erdoğan's influence over who runs for Parliament. "Cabinet ministers would no longer have to be members of Parliament, and the Parliament would not have power over Cabinet appointments — ministers would be appointed directly by the president."
People who voted "Yes" say concentrating power in the hands of the presidency will make the country more stable, while critics say it will fundamentally undercut Turkey's democracy.
Cagaptay says Erdoğan "has become the most powerful person in the country's history in at least a century."
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pedro insists Chelsea's gritty FA Cup quarter-final win at Leicester will be a turning point to salvage their season.
The Stamford Bridge club's Premier League title defence and hopes of glory on other fronts this season have been hammered in 2018.
They went out of the Carabao Cup semi-finals to Arsenal and last week were eliminated by Barcelona at the Champions League's first knockout stage, 4-1 on aggregate.
The Londoners have also been struggling in the top-flight, with four defeats in six games seeing them slip to fifth — five points adrift of Spurs in the final Champions league qualification spot with eight matches to go.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Getty)
It means Roman Abramovich's men are in grave danger of missing out on a top-four finish, amid growing uncertainty about manager Antonio Conte's future.
But forward Pedro, who headed an extra-time winner on Sunday to set-up a Wembley semi-final against relegation candidates Southampton next month, says the hard-fought 2-1 victory has done much to restore the Blues' battered confidence.
The Spain international said: “It has come at a very important moment in the season and will help us go for this trophy and the top four.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“It's a good chance for us to finish the season well. There is a good atmosphere in the changing room to change this situation and to fight until the end for our targets.
“We have two months left in the season and all the players have to give the maximum. This is the way for us.
“I am very happy with the goal — to score, for the win and for us to go through to the next round. It was very important for us to get the confidence again and to help us fight until the end in the remaining games.
(Image: EPA-EFE/REX/Shutterstock)
“It's a very difficult situation for us. But we are still fighting for the top four and the FA Cup. This win gives us a good moment. Now we have to enjoy this win, which can give confidence for the team.”
Pedro was also pleased for compatriot Alvaro Morata, who bagged their first goal since Boxing Day to open the scoring at Leicester.
The striker, signed last summer for £60million from Real Madrid, has endured a tough 2018 because of a back problem.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Getty)
But club and country colleague Pedro added: “He's in very good condition and it is perfect for the team. I'm very happy for them to score again and to give confidence for the team.
“Alvaro is a very good player and a very important one for us. It will give them more confidence from now until the end.  They are in a good moment and good condition to fight and to play every game.
“I hope they will stay in this form from now until the end.”
The Nature Conservancy of Canada says it is expanding a wetland conservation area in southern Quebec that is home to several bird and wildlife species.
The conservation group says it's adding 25 hectares to its 305-hectare preserve on Île de Grâce, about 95 km northeast of Montreal.
READ MORE: Biologists work to save Quebec's ‘most urban' snake as construction booms
The island, located between Sorel and Trois-Rivieres, consists of forested wetlands — an important habitat for many bird species including the least bittern, which is considered threatened under the Canadian Species at Risk Act.
READ MORE: Protesters push to protect L'Anse-à-L'Orme wetlands in Pierrefonds
The wetland is also home to waterfowl, wildlife, and several species of flowers, according to the group.
READ MORE: Sierra Club Quebec opposes any development to Technoparc Montreal marsh
The Nature Conservancy announced the creation of the new protected area on Feb. 2, which is World Wetlands Day.
They also announced new conservation areas in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Nova Scotia.
There has been a case of meningococcal on the Northern Rivers.
There has been a case of meningococcal on the Northern Rivers. Adam Hourigan
UPDATE 9.42am: THE North Coast Public Health Unit confirmed a Maclean resident has been admitted to Lismore Base Hospital with meningococcal disease.
Assistant Director, North Coast Public Health Unit, Greg Bell said all close contacts of the person have been identified and given clearance antibiotics, and other contacts have been given information in regards to the disease.
They said meningococcal bacteria are not easily spread from person to person or by sharing drinks, food or cigarettes, and the bacteria do not survive well outside the human body.
Close contacts generally include those who live in the same household, attend the same care group in childcare, or are sexual contacts of the ill person.
People in the same school class, sporting team, or casual social contacts of the ill person are considered lower-risk contacts.
Mr Bell said meningococcal disease is very uncommon in NSW and only one other case has been notified in NNSW LHD this year, and only five cases for the whole of last year.
Childhood immunisation is primarily a Commonwealth Government responsibility. However, in 2017 and 2018 the NSW Government has invested $13 million in a state-wide immunisation program to combat a rise in the W strain of meningococcal disease.
The NSW Meningococcal W Response Program provided Year 11 and 12 students across the state with free vaccines that protect against four strains of meningococcal disease, A, C, W and Y in 2017.
Year 10 and 11 students are being offered the vaccine in 2018.
A single dose of this vaccine provides effective protection against all four strains for at least five years. This age group has been targeted as teenagers are very socially active and therefore both more likely to be exposed to the infection, and also more likely to spread the infection in the community.
Vaccination against meningococcal C is included in the National Immunisation Program Schedule. It is recommended for all children at one year of age (as part of free routine immunisation).
Meningococcal disease is caused by a bacterial infection and can lead to serious illness. Anyone with symptoms is advised to see a doctor urgently.
Symptoms of meningococcal disease are non-specific but may include sudden onset of fever, headache, neck stiffness, joint pain, a rash of red-purple spots or bruises, dislike of bright lights nausea and vomiting.
For more information on Meningococcal go online or call your local Public Health Unit on 1300 066 055.
ORIGINAL STORY 7.16am: HEALTH authorities are urging people to be on alert after a Maclean resident was diagnosed with meningococcal.
Greg Bell from the North Coast Public Health told ABC North Coast it was only the second case recorded in the region so far this year.
They said anyone experiencing symptoms should seek medical assistance as soon as possible.
"A fever that comes on very quickly, headache, neck stiffness, joint pain and of course there's the rash that people probably talk about," Mr Bell told the ABC.
"It's sort of a purplish rash, like a bruising type rash.
"I cannot emphasise enough that really and truly if you have these symptoms... we would much rather you ring your doctor, get advice from your doctor or if there is no doctor on duty at the time present to the emergency department."
NSW Health's website explains that meningococcal disease is caused by a bacterial infection and can lead to serious illness.
"It is uncommon in NSW, and occurs more often in winter and spring," the website states.
"Infants, small children, adolescents and young adults are most at risk.
"Early treatment is vital."
The fact sheet lists the symptoms as:
Source: EU injects $2,49m extra humanitarian aid – NewsDay Zimbabwe April 17, 2017
THE European Union (EU) has ploughed an additional $2,49 million as humanitarian aid support to government in response to the El Nino-induced drought in Zimbabwe.
By NQOBANI NDLOVU
The funding came barely five months after the EU allocated $8 million from the reserve of the 11th European Development Fund to address the impact of drought in Zimbabwe.
The funding is delivered through EU's Directorate-General for European Civil Protection and Humanitarian Aid (ECHO), the EU said in a press release on Friday.
With the latest funding, the EU has mobilised $27.57 million for measures to alleviate the El Niño-induced drought, such as cash-based responses and emergency livestock initiatives. Out of that amount, the total contribution from ECHO will reach $19,61 million.
“The EU has shown continuous solidarity with the people of Zimbabwe in the face of successive hazards and consequent humanitarian challenges. The worst has been avoided and we now have to prepare for the future, building more resilient communities against future climate shocks and other hazards,” said Ambassador Philippe Van Damme, EU Head of Delegation in Harare.
Through cash transfers initiatives we have contributed to prevent most vulnerable people to fall into chronic destitution while maintaining functioning markets; it is now important to strengthen capacities and coping mechanisms of these communities, improving, among others, their livelihood base systems, farming productivity and market linkages as well as better prepare them in case of new future disasters.”
The additional financial support brings to a total contribution by the EU and its Member States to combat the El Nino-induced crises in Zimbabwe to $114 million “to help in assisting some of the most vulnerable among the 4,1 million people that have become food insecure during the peak of the lean season and therefore, in need of humanitarian assistance”.
The EU said the latest funding will ensure EU's implementing partners, including the UN World Food Programme and Save the Children, continue and increase the geographical reach of actions started in 2016 until the end of the lean season.
The EU Member States, of which 11 are represented in Harare and have since 2015 provided a total of $86 million for humanitarian relief programmes; in particular contributions from the United Kingdom/DFID, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden and Italy across a number of key sectors such as food assistance, water and sanitation, nutrition and overall support to livelihood systems.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): The National Institute of Folk and Traditional
Heritage (Lok Virsa) celebrated the independence day of Pakistan in a befitting manner here at Heritage Museum, Shakarparian.
It was part of the ongoing activities chalked out by the Federal
Ministry of Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage regarding 70 years celebrations of Pakistan which started on August 1, 2017.
Special activities organized by Lok Virsa included an exhibition of
artisans-at-work, cake cutting ceremony of Pakistan's birth day and a special ceremony which featured a number of live colorful performances including famous milli naghmas, Kalam-e-Iqbal, folk songs, folk dances a special play on Pakistan. Milli Naghma `mein bhi Pakistan hun tu bhi Pakistan hai', Kalam-e-Iqbal `Khudi ka sere nehan..', folk songs `dane pe dana,, `sami meri war mein wari', `bi bi sherini' and mystic song `pat lal meri' presented on the occasion by children attired in traditional costumes.
Senator Rubina Khalid was the chief guest, who performed ribbon cutting,
cake cutting ceremony and graced special ceremony as chief guest. In their address, Senator Rubina Khalid highly commended the efforts of Lok Virsa in projecting and disseminating the cultural heritage of Pakistan in such a meaningful way.
Earlier, in their welcoming remarks, Dr. Fouzia Saeed, Executive Director,
Lok Virsa shed light on the activities chalked out by Lok Virsa marking 70 years celebrations of Pakistan. They said “The present focus of Lok Virsa is on youth, who are future of Pakistan. We want to inculcate them awareness about the indigenous folk culture. We have been successful in this initiative as thousands of youth and children are participating in our programs. Many of these have also performed on stage with folk artists and musicians”.
Later on traditional folk band “Khumariyaan” rocked at open air
theatre of Lok Virsa. The 4 band members showcase their magic with instruments like the guitar, rubab and the native Pushto instrument called the Zeer Baghali .
They commenced the show with their famous trackÂ Bela, the track almost
everyone has been listening to online and wondering how they have perfected the instrumental style.
Khumariyaan made people clap, head bang, swing, sing along and even
made some audience members get up and dance. They sounded phenomenal as their music sounded enthralling.
The band comprises Farhan Ali Bogra on the rabab, Sparlay Rawail on
lead guitars, Aamer Shafiq on rhythm guitars, Hammad Baig on the keyboard and backing vocals and Shiraz Khan on percussions. Bogra, however, has a deeper sentimental value attached to the rabab.
The story traces back to their childhood when their friend's father threw
away their son's rabab because they thought it was the instrument of”Uncivilized people”. When their friend protested for days, the father bought them a guitar because it's stereotyped as a “classy instrument”. This episode impacted Bogra's life and inspired them to pick up the rabab and promote it through their band's philosophy.
The Band well-received live performance on “Sheenai”, “Qataghani”,
“Bela”, “Tamasha” and “Sakal”. They ended the show on their most famous track, Tamasha and naturally the crowd went crazy; they danced and they hooted and they went into a trance. Basically, they did exactly what Khumariyaan aims to do; "entice musical “goose bumps” to people who listen their music.
The band members believe that, “If we manage to make the audience
forget their worries for a few minutes the point of forming Khumariyaan
would be fulfilled.” The band seems extremely gung-ho about their aim
which to a third person seems slightly incredible amidst the political and
social turmoil.
A large number of people from various walks of life attended the
ceremony and enjoyed thrilling performances presented by young artists.
OKLAHOMA CITY – A Republican Oklahoma lawmaker who defended their description of pregnant women as “hosts” won approval Tuesday for their bill that would require women seeking an abortion to first receive written consent from the father.
The state House Public Health Committee voted 5-2 in favour of the bill by Rep. Justin Humphrey, despite Humphrey's own concession that it might be unconstitutional. It now proceeds to the full House, where it's likely to pass if granted a hearing.
“The thing I wanted to spark in a debate is that fathers have a role. Exactly where that role is, I'm not sure,” said Humphrey, R-Lane. “I'm proud that I've gotten a chance to start the conversation.”
The bill would require women seeking an abortion to provide the name of the father and would prohibit them from going through with it without their written informed consent. It also would allow the father to demand that a paternity test be performed and would provide exceptions in cases where the woman is the victim of rape or incest or if the pregnancy would endanger their life.
Humphrey acknowledged that the bill may not pass constitutional muster, but said they wanted to ensure that fathers have a role in the abortion process.
Tamya Cox, a spokesperson for Planned Parenthood Great Plains, said the U.S. Supreme Court already ruled against requirements to notify the father in a 1992 decision in Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey.
“Courts have said that states cannot create undue burdens and create unnecessary obstacles when it comes to a woman's right to access abortion,” Cox said. “To waste taxpayer dollars on bills like this does not represent what's best for Oklahomans.”
Cox also lambasted Humphrey for referring to women as “hosts,” a comment they said was inflammatory and unacceptable but which Humphrey defended again on Tuesday.
“I think I used the proper verbiage. When I used the term host, it's not meant to degrade women,” Humphrey said. “If there's better verbiage out there, I will gladly use better verbiage. I just couldn't find it.”
The same committee on Tuesday also approved a separate measure prohibiting abortions based on the diagnosis of a fetal abnormality or Down syndrome.
Oklahoma's Republican-led Legislature has passed some of the country's most far-reaching anti-abortion legislation, but at least five of the proposals have been tossed by the courts in the last six years. Three additional bills remain tied up in court.
At least 11 anti-abortion bills have been introduced this session, including one that classifies the procedure as first-degree murder, but it's unlikely many of those will reach the governor's desk. The Legislature last year approved a bill to make it a felony punishable by up to three years in prison for anyone who performs an abortion, but Republican Gov. Mary Fallin vetoed it, saying it was clearly unconstitutional.
Police shut down the outside lane of part of Edmonton's ring road and asked drivers to slow down Monday afternoon after they were called to respond to a five-vehicle pileup in the city's southwest.
At about 2 p.m., officers were called to a crash on Anthony Henday Drive near the Cameron Heights exit ramp.
Police said a witness told them a semi-truck hit another vehicle from behind, prompting a pileup involving three more vehicles.
While the outside lane in the area is closed, police said drivers are allowed to use the inside lane.
Police did not say how long traffic would be disrupted in the area. They also did not say if the pileup resulted in any injuries.
Irish fans spend €22 million attending The Festival Posted by racenews on Monday, February 13, 2017 · Leave a Comment
Almost one in three tickets are purchased from Ireland
Monday 13th February 2017 - Horseracing fans visiting from Ireland spent €22.3 million (stg£19.23 million) at The Festival in 2016 spread across travel, accommodation, tickets and entertainment, according to an Economic Impact Analysis (EIA) carried out by the University of Gloucestershire on behalf of Cheltenham Racecourse.
Fans based in Ireland bought 57,375 tickets, or the equivalent of 30% of tickets sold at the prestigious annual event. On average, 14,343 visitors from Ireland attended each day of the four-day Festival. These figures do not include complimentary tickets, hospitality bookings, owners and trainers badges or tickets purchased by further numbers of Irish patrons living in the UK and abroad who also attend The Festival.
The study, which is believed to be the first of its kind, sought to measure the direct economic benefits and participation of attendees who travelled from Ireland to The Festival. The analysis was compiled from 810 completed questionnaires and supplemented by data from Cheltenham Racecourse which showed that there were ticket sales to 12,750 individuals based in Ireland who purchased an average of 4.5 tickets each.
In addition, statistical analysis of ticket booking data has shown that over the past six years, since 2010, the number of Irish ticket bookers at The Festival has increased by 22%.
Commenting, Ian Renton, Regional Director of the South West region of The Jockey Club, said:
“The Festival is one the biggest and most successful sporting occasions of the year involving Britain and Ireland. Over the years, it has become synonymous with Ireland through the participation of its great horses, trainers, jockeys, owners and staff.
“This is the first time we have studied the economic impact of Ireland's participation and the results demonstrate the very significant ongoing role played by Irish fans to the success of The Festival. Irish fans make up close to one-third of our attendance over the week, helping to create a truly unique atmosphere and experience for all racegoers.
“Our mutual love affair with The Festival, of course, involves so much more than statistics. Our shared love and passion for our sport creates an enduring relationship and long may that continue. We look forward greatly to hosting our Irish racegoers once again in a few weeks' time for the 2017 renewal.”
Commenting, Brian Kavanagh, Chief Executive of Horse Racing Ireland, said:
“When Ian was appointed at Cheltenham, I told them they now had one of the most important jobs in Irish racing! We have been aware for some time of the value of the racing and breeding industries to the Irish economy which is estimated at over €1.1 billion per annum, so it is fascinating to now see the value of the Irish impact on Cheltenham.
“Ireland has long had a love affair with Cheltenham because they put on a wonderful festival where we see the best National Hunt horses in the world taking each other on.
“The importance of Cheltenham to Ireland goes beyond just the punters and racegoers as winning there is of vital importance to owners, breeders, trainers and jockeys and can be the highlight of a career, or the making of a horse's pedigree.
“Cheltenham has often been described as the Olympic Games of Jump racing and we are all counting the days to 14th March.”
In response to the questionnaire, attendees spent an estimated €22.3 million (stg£19.23 million) over the course of the week. The highest spend was on entertainment (betting etc) €5.23 million (£4.5 million), followed by food and drink €4.5 million (£3.87 million), accommodation €4.1 million (£3.54 million) and entry fees €2.6 million (£2.24 million).
Average spends per attendee included: entertainment €556 (£479), tour package €508 (£437), accommodation €419 (£361), and food and drink €374 (£322).
In terms of the relationship between Cheltenham and Irish horsemen (trainers, owners and jockeys), the number of Irish runners has increased significantly over the past two decades.
2001 – The Festival was cancelled due to foot and mouth.
With the numbers of winners seeing a similar pattern. The BetBright Prestbury Cup, the trophy awards to the UK or Ireland depending on who has the most winners over the four days, was won by Ireland for the second time in 2016, with 15 winners to Britain's 13.
Note on Economic Impact Analysis
The Economic Impact Analysis study was conducted by The Centre for Contemporary Accounting Research at the University of Gloucestershire.
The research team sought to estimate the direct economic impacts of attendees who travelled from Ireland for the 2016 Cheltenham Festival. A total of 12,750 individuals based in Ireland purchased an average of 4.5 tickets each.
The study bases its results on 810 completed questionnaire responses from individuals who attended the Festival from Ireland. A total of 540 of respondents provided individual expenditure under various headings in the tables provided. A portion of the expenditures were quoted in Euros and these were translated into Sterling at an exchange rate of £0.86 per €1.
It is assumed that the random sample employed is representative of the Irish-based fans.
Women who consume commonly used Ibuprofen even for just two days during the first 24 weeks of their pregnancy may reduce their daughter's number of eggs, potentially affecting their fertility in the future, new research has warned.
The research carried out on human cells in the laboratory revealed that exposure to Ibuprofen during the crucial first three months of foetal development results in a "dramatic loss" of the germ cells that go into making the follicles from which female eggs develop.
The germ cells would either die or fail to grow and multiply at the usual rate.
"We found that two to seven days of exposure to Ibuprofen dramatically reduced the germ cell stockpile in human foetal ovaries during the first trimester of pregnancy and the ovaries did not recover fully from this damage," said Severine Mazaud-Guittot, a researcher at the National Institute for Health and Medical Research in France.
For the study, published in the journal Human Reproduction, the team exposed a part of the tissue from each of the 185 human foetuses between 7-12 weeks of development to Ibuprofen and kept the second part as the control.
They found that Ibuprofen crosses the placental barrier, with the foetus exposed to the same concentration of the drug as the mother.
Conversely, the tissue exposed to the drug for a week had approximately half the number of ovarian germ cells.
The researchers observed significant effects after seven days of exposure to the drug, with cell death seen as early as two days after treatment.
"This is the first study to look at the effects of Ibuprofen on the ovarian tissue of baby girls, and the first to show that it can cross the placental barrier during the first trimester of pregnancy, exposing the foetus to the drug," Mazaud-Guittot said.
Just as with any drug, Ibuprofen use should be restricted to the shortest duration and at the lowest dose necessary to achieve pain or fever relief, especially during pregnancy, the researchers suggested.
By Mark White
If the Williamsburg City Council approves a proposed rate increase during a special meeting next Monday, then three years from now the average Williamsburg resident, who has both water and sewer service, will be paying a combined $10.16 more per month on both bills than what they are paying today.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Avenue Supermarts Ltd:
* SAYS COMPLETED ACQUISITION OF 43.6 MILLION SHARES OF AVENUE E-COMMERCE AGGREGATING TO 492.1 MILLION RUPEES Source text - bit.ly/2BP1N1Q Further company coverage:
Swanson said a website (doseofreality.mn.gov) is the centerpiece of the effort, with a brochure and public service announcement for television stations and movie theaters also available.
Opioids drugs, heroin-like pain-treatment medicines such as OxyContin and Percocet, are becoming the drugs of choice for more and more people. Many users become addicted.
"The problem is getting worse," Swanson said, and the new campaign known as Dose of Reality is aimed at preventing people from getting hooked.
Swanson and Wisconsin Attorney General Brad Schimel delivered a three-pronged message Monday:
• Use pain killers safely, trying to stop short of powerful opioids.
• Lock up opioids, especially to keep them out of the hands of teenagers.
• Dispose of the pills safely, such as turning them over to law enforcement agencies.
Information on those issues, as well as how schools and the community in general can help, is on the website.
Schimel said in the year their state has been involved with the education campaign the number of opioid drugs prescribed in Wisconsin has dropped 11 percent.
The Wisconsin official said part of their efforts has been aimed at doctors, urging them to better warn patients about the dangers of opioid prescriptions. After taking them for 45 days, they said, it is easy to be addicted.
Information provided by Dose of Reality shows 80 percent of heroin users previously abused prescription painkillers.
Rep. Dave Baker, R-Willmar, said several opioid-fighting proposals will be discussed in the Minnesota Legislature, including how to fund parts of the fight.
"This is an important point of entry into this terrible disease," they said about addiction.
Baker got involved in opioid legislation, in part because opioid addiction took their son's life in 2011.
Sen. Chris Eaton, D-Brooklyn Center, lost a daughter to addiction in 2007 and expects 10 or 11 bills dealing with opioids to be considered this year, including one mandating doctors to check a database of those who already have opioid prescriptions so users cannot get prescriptions from several doctors at once. Also up for consideration will be legislation to require that doctors receive education about the drugs and that pharmacies be required to take back unused opioids.
Swanson supports the drug monitoring program to help prevent "doctor shopping" by opioid users. They also want to require plain-language warnings to be issued when the bills are sold to patients.
Another Swanson proposal is aimed at addiction treatment in rural Minnesota. Of the 122 doctors authorized to prescribe the opioid addiction treatment drug buprenorphine, two-thirds are in the Twin Cities, they said.
Schimel said one of the issues Dose of Reality is meant to rebut is a "myth" that opioid drugs are safe because they are prescribed by doctors. The opposite is true, they said, as evidenced by the fact that they only are available, legally, by prescription.
They suggested that people who are prescribed the drugs "ask questions, ask what this prescription is, ask if they have to take it or if there are other ways to manage the ... pain."
Added Baker: "What we have to do is to start talking to patients differently. ... I hate to see more families like ours suffer."
Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton's budget plan calls for tracking overdoses so public safety and health officials have more information when they respond to overdose cases.
Also Monday, Nebraska officials announced their own Dose of Reality program. And in Washington, President Donald Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau pledged to work together to reduce opioid trafficking across the border.
"Today's announcement that the U.S. and Canada will work together to crack down on opioid trafficking ... is a welcome step forward in our shared efforts to end this deadly epidemic," U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., said.
Kashf Foundation, besides being an organisation that helps people, especially women who have been abandoned or maltreated,to commence business in order to live a healthy and independent life, has turned into a drama production team as well which produces play based on social issues, majorly which are deliberately not addressed since they are considered taboo.
Recently aired Udaari in which Ahsan Khan played a child molester gained huge success despite remaining a controversial piece throughout which also received warnings from Pemra. Kashf Foundation is all set to release another drama serial which will be discussing themes of prostitution and HIV. People are looking forward to it because of the fact that the highly praised, award-winning play Udaari has been their recent production, and after seeing how well and how dauntlessly the team addressed a sensitive topic like child abuse, that too perpetrated by a stepfather, people are excited to see how the theme of prostitution will be handled.
However, it must not be ignored that Udaari was not the first play, or the first dark play, presented by Kashf Foundation. The very first play which was released by them was Rehaai having an excellent cast such as Noman Ejaz, Maria Wasti, Danish Taimoor, Saniya Samshad, Samina Peerzada and Munawer Saeed.
The play aired on HUM TV in 2013 and was based on child marriages. Munawer Saeed sells off their daughter to Noman Ejaz who marries the girl and impregnates them because their first wife, Maria Wasti was not able to give birth to a child. Samina Peerzada, Noman Ejaz's mother who themselves had been forced into such marriage keeps opposing their son but fails in stopping them from committing the hideous act. Rehaai was directed by the very talented director of Pakistan, Mehreen Jabbar and had an aura that was even darker than that of Udaari.
Since it was the very first play of the team on such an issue, it did not get as much attention as Udaari but it must be known that Rehaai, a finely directed play and shot in a way in which every dark drama should be shot, was equally heart-throbbing and equally painful to digest. The fact that it was Rehaai which paved the way for bold drama serials like Udaari must not be ignored.
Mehreen Jabbar has been one of the most educated and talented directors of Pakistan, and when Kashf Foundation presented its first play also written by Farhat Ishtiaq, the director chosen for this hard-hitting play was Mehreen Jabbar who showed their artistic skills once again in the best manner possible.
The ANC has appointed several new chairpersons of portfolio committees in Parliament following the promotion of some MPs to the national executive and the deaths of some.
The changes were announced by ANC chief whip Jackson Mthembu in a statement on Wednesday.
The reshuffling of portfolio committee chairpersons will see former transport minister Joe Maswanganyi being responsible for leading the oversight committee on public service and administration‚ which was previously under the flight attendantship of former Limpopo premier Cassel Mathale who has since been appointed the deputy minister of small business development.
Another notable redeployment is that of ANC MP Hlomane Chauke from the North West‚ who is the new chairperson of the home affairs portfolio committee‚ a position they had occupied several years ago under the administration of former president Thabo Mbeki.
Chauke takes over from Lemias Mashile who has been reassigned as chair of the labour portfolio committee.
All eyes will be on Chauke to see how they tackle the home affairs committee's probe into the naturalisation of the controversial Gupta family‚ following concern within Parliament's corridors that the committee has thus far dilly-dallied on this matter.
Mashile replaces Fezeka Loliwe while Sharon Makhubele-Mashele is taking over the reins of the tourism portfolio committee. Mashile and Makhubele-Mashele respectively replaced Loliwe and Beatrice Ngcobo who both died earlier this year.
Here's Mthembu's full statement:
For immediate release 30 May 2018 APPOINTMENT OF CHAIRPERSONS AND WHIPS
The Office of the ANC Chief Whip announces new deployments to parliamentary committees to fill existing vacancies and strengthen their oversight capacity.
The vacancies within several committees in the National Assembly were created primarily by the redeployment of the previous incumbents to new responsibilities within and outside Parliament.
The ANC Caucus also tragically lost two of its members who passed on earlier this year.
The new appointments are as follows:
1. Comrade Lusizo Sharon Makhubele-Mashele becomes the new chairperson of the Portfolio Committee on Tourism‚ the position was previously held by comrade Beatrice Ngcobo who sadly passed away earlier this year.
2. Comrade Lemias Mashile becomes the new chairperson of the Portfolio Committee on Labour. The position was previously held by comrade Fezeka Loliwe who also sadly passed on earlier this year.
3. Comrade Hlomane Patrick Chauke becomes the new chairperson of the Portfolio Committee on Home Affairs. The position was previously held by comrade Lemias Mashile.
4. Comrade Joe Maswanganyi becomes the new chairperson of the Portfolio Committee of Public Service and Administration. The position was previously held by comrade Cassel Mathale‚ who is now serving as the Deputy Minister of Small Business Development.
The ANC has also deployed the following comrades as Whips of ANC Study Groups:
1. Comrade Madipoane Mothapo is the new whip for the ANC Study Group on Justice and Correctional Services. The position was previously held by Dr Charlotte Pilane-Majake who is now serving as the Deputy Minister of Public Service and Administration.
2. Comrade Derick Mnguni is the new whip for the ANC Study Group on Water and Sanitation. The position was previously held by comrade Hlomane Patrick Chauke who was redeployed as Chairperson of Home Affairs.
3. Comrade Wilma Newhoudt-Druchen is the new whip for the ANC Study Group on Public Service and Administration. The position was previously held by comrade Regina Lesoma who has been redeployed as the whip of International Relations.
4. Comrade Sharome van Schalkwyk is the new whip for the ANC Study Group on Labour. The position was previously held by the late comrade Fezeka Loliwe who was the whip before they become chairperson.
5. Comrade Patricia Adams is the new whip for the ANC Study Group on Tourism. The position was previously held by comrade Lusizo Sharome Makhubele-Mashele who was redeployed as Chairperson of Tourism.
The Office of the ANC Chief Whip congratulates the new appointees and wish them well in their new roles of responsibility. We once again thank the comrades who previously held these positions for the diligence with which they served the ANC and the people of South Africa.
Issued by the Office of the ANC Chief Whip‚ Hon. Jackson Mthembu. Enquiries: Nonceba Mhlauli Spokesperson
Pakistan defeated England by 8 wickets yesterday, defeating them in the first semi-final clash in Cardiff. It could have been a fighting total, were it not for Fakhar Zaman.
After scoring 51 runs against Sri Lanka a few days ago, they now scored 118 runs for the first wicket with Azhar Ali.
Twitter reacted to Fakhar Zaman's performance immediately.
Former New Zealand Cricketer Brendon McCullum was one of the first to praise Fakhar.
Great day for our @lahoreqalandars boys @AzharAli_ and the man with the best name in world cricket Fakhar Zaman! Pakistan impressive today. — Brendon McCullum (@Bazmccullum) June 14, 2017
Asif Khan called Fakhar 'raw talent'.
- Fakhar Zaman is a typical raw talent from Pakistan. Have had so many over the years .... #GoodLuck .. — Asif Khan (@mak_asif) June 14, 2017
Faizan Lakhani thanked Qalandars for picking him.
Fakhar Zaman, Shadab Khan and Hassan Ali came into limelight because of @thePSLt20, credit to Qalandars, Zalmis, United for picking them. — Faizan Lakhani (@faizanlakhani) June 14, 2017
Previously, they had also received endless praise for the win against Sri Lanka.
Faisal Javed said they have the 'right mindset' for 'modern day cricket'.
Fakhar Zaman is a great talent. Right mindset for the modern day cricket. Well- played #PAKvSL @FakharZamanLive — Faisal Javed Khan (@FaisalJavedKhan) June 12, 2017
Asim Azhar was glad to see the aggressive approach that had been missing for years.
I see something thats been missing for yrs in the Pakistani team. This aggressive approach, specially in openers. Fakhar Zaman. ???????? #PAKvSA — Asim Azhar (@AsimAzharr) June 7, 2017
Stephen Fleming and Michael Vaughan asked where Fakhar had been hiding all these years.
Question has to be asked- where has this FAKHAR been hiding? Great start Pakistan!! — Stephen Fleming (@SPFleming7) June 7, 2017
Where has Fakhar been hiding ...... looks a marvellous striker of a ball ....... !!! #PAKvSA — Michael Vaughan (@MichaelVaughan) June 7, 2017
Fakhar was given their Pakistan cricket team cap by Shoaib Malik before the match against South Africa in Birmingham, marking their ODI debut. Next, they are to play the biggest and most-awaited match yet. Pakistan, once again, has high expectations from him.
Scientists say they have identified the world's oldest lizard fossil — a discovery that sheds light on the evolution of lizards and snakes.
The fossil, which is 240 million years old, is called Megachirella wachtleri and is believed to be the most ancient ancestor of scaled reptiles known as squamates. The conclusion is based on an analysis of data from both living and extinct reptiles.
The research by scientists in Alberta — as well as in Australia, Italy and the United States — was published Wednesday in the journal Nature.
“It's a fossil lizard that we found to be the oldest-known lizard on the planet,” said Tiago Simões, a PhD student in the University of Alberta's biological sciences department and the study's lead author.
READ MORE: U of A scientists use dinosaur teeth to discover how big lizards hunted
The specimen is 75 million years older than thought when it was first described in 1993, they said.
Simões said it fills a gap in understanding the evolution of lizards and snakes.
There are about 10,000 species of squamates around the world, and scientists say they are still learning about the early stages of the animals' evolution.
Researchers initially thought the fossil, which was found in northern Italy's Dolomite Mountains, was related to but not actually a lizard.
Further analysis, however, determined it to be the oldest relative of existing lizards and snakes, which, Simões pointed out, are essentially limbless lizards.
They said researchers in the last four years compiled the largest dataset ever. It included micro CT scans, photographs and molecular analysis rather than relying on previous research.
“We are sure it's a lizard by the particular combination of features,” said Simões.
Some of those features include the shape of bones in the brain, shoulder and trunk of the fossil. The results indicate a more gradual evolution than previously thought.
“It's important … to understand how such a diverse and important component of the modern biological world originated,” said Simões. “There has been a lot of hot debate in the past.
“For the first time, we are providing agreement.”
They said it's also valuable to know how invertebrates evolved during drastic shifts in environmental conditions.
READ MORE: Researchers at the University of Alberta name new dinosaur
“One of the things we learned in this study was that most of the larger groups of reptiles were already present in the Permian period, which means they were present and evolved before the largest mass extinction in the history of the planet.”
The Permian mass extinction killed about 90 per cent of the Earth's species.
“Fossils are our only accurate window into the ancient past,” explained Michael Caldwell, professor of biology and co-author on the study. “Our new understanding of Megachirella is one point in ancient time, but it tells us things about the evolution of lizards that we simply cannot learn from any of the species of lizards and snakes alive today.”
Former Michigan U.S. Rep. Pete Hoekstra is the new U.S. ambassador to the Netherlands. (Photo: Carlos Osorio / AP file)
Holland, Mich. – Former Michigan U.S. Rep. Pete Hoekstra is the new U.S. ambassador to the Netherlands.
White House spokesperson Vanessa Morrone says Hoekstra was sworn on Monday afternoon by Vice President Mike Pence.
Hoekstra was confirmed last month by the U.S. Senate. They previously served as chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and was the ranking Republican on the Committee until 2011.
First elected to Congress in 1992, Hoekstra was born in the Netherlands and moved to the U.S. with their family when they were 3. They were an executive with Michigan-based office furniture maker Herman Miller and later ran unsuccessful campaigns for Michigan governor and U.S. Senate.
President Donald Trump nominated Hoekstra for the ambassador post earlier this year.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2Be9Bhg
COLUMBUS (AP) — Ohio needs an agency that would help put the state at the forefront of military development and lobby for its current bases, a statewide committee recommended.
The state task force appointed last year said Ohio needs to be ready in case Congress revisits shrinking or realigning military operations around the country. The office would work solely on protecting and bringing jobs to its U.S. military bases and installations.
Ohio is behind other states that already have set up offices that lobby the federal government for its military bases, the task force said Tuesday.
“Many other states have already made this move and are working at an advantage,” said retired U.S. Air Force Col. Cassie Barlow, a member of the committee.
The head of the task force, Republican Rep. Rick Perales of Beavercreek, introduced legislation that calls for establishing an office of government and military affairs in Ohio.
The independent agency would report to the governor and could authorize loans or grants to defense or NASA operations in Ohio.
“I don't care how much this costs, the return on investment is going to be huge,” Perales said.
Ohio has 60,000 military jobs and 50,000 related jobs with an estimated payroll of $5 billion.
The last base realignment and closure review by Congress in 2005 brought more than 1,100 jobs to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, which is the state's largest military site with about 27,000 employees.
Other sites include the Youngstown Air Reserve Station, NASA Glenn Research Center near Cleveland, Lima Army Tank Plant and Toledo Air Guard Station.
But committee members said Ohio may have missed out on getting more jobs and questions have been raised about why the state doesn't get a bigger share of defense contracts given its size.
Around the state
TOLEDO (AP) — A former candidate for mayor in Ohio has been sentenced to 5 ½ years in prison for stealing millions from a company that provided job training to local residents.
A judge sentenced 56-year-old James Moody Tuesday for their role in a scheme involving Business Rehabilitation Informed Decisions Guiding Employment Strategies, known as BRIDGES.
The Blade reports Moody was the company's sole shareholder, and prosecutors say they and three others skimmed 42 percent of the $15 million in contracts the company had with Lucas County.
Prosecutors say the men spent the money on houses, cars, vacation and cosmetic surgery.
Moody said after their sentencing hearing that they are apologizing “the money that was stolen under my watch.”
COLUMBUS (AP) — A ballot proposal to cap Ohio's interest rates on payday loans and impose additional regulations on the industry is advancing to its next step.
The state Ballot Board is set to consider the “Short-Term Loan Consumer Protection Amendment” Tuesday. The panel must determine whether the proposed language represents a single issue.
The board's approval would allow the gathering of signatures to begin. The Ohio Attorney General's office certified a petition summary last week.
The Ohio CDC Association, which works to improve neighborhoods, is pushing the measure. It aims to reduce some of the nation's highest interest rates on short-term loans by capping them at no more than 28 percent.
Ohio voters approved payday lending limits in 2008, but the industry has found ways to bypass those restrictions.
Melva Henderson Ministries presents Women in Worship 2018, with special guests Kimberly Jones-Pothier, known as Real Talk Kim. This year's theme is Life In Abundance! “There is a lot of pain in households and this community. When women are healed, a family is healed, a neighborhood is healed and the city of Milwaukee will heal, one woman at a time. Women can change this pain to glory and heal our city. –Melva Henderson, wife, mother, pastor, teacher, author, thought leader, event host!” Real Talk Kim, travels the world fulfilling their passion and purpose of loving people back to life. Pastor Kim has been featured on The Doctor Oz Show, Oxygen's Network Series, Preachers of Atlanta, Your World with Creflo Dollar on BET, ABC's Nightline, The Word Network and CNN.
Friday, May 25 7:00 PM Doors open at 5 pm
Saturday, May 26 8:00-11:00 AM Doors open at 6:30 am
Saturday, May 26 7:00 PM Real Talk Kim to keynote Doors open at 5 pm
at UWM-Helene Zelazo Center, 2419 E. Kenwood Blvd. Milwaukee.
$65.00 for 2 days; To purchase tickets visit melvahenderson.org
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump sent greetings on Monday to Iranians celebrating the New Year's holiday known as Nowruz, but used the message to attack Iran's government, particularly its powerful Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.
U.S. President Donald Trump returns to the White House via Marine One in Washington, U.S., March 19, 2018. REUTERS/Leah Millis
“I wish a beautiful and blessed Nowruz to the millions of people around the world who are celebrating the arrival of spring,” Trump said. They added, however, that the Iranian people were burdened by “rulers who serve themselves instead of serving the people.”
Trump, who has threatened to pull Washington out of a multilateral deal with Tehran to curb its nuclear program, called the Revolutionary Guard “a hostile army that brutalizes and steals from the Iranian people to fund terrorism abroad.”
Trump said in the statement the Guard had spent more than $16 billion to prop up Syria's government and support militants and terrorists in Syria, Iraq and Yemen.
They also accused the group of impoverishing Iran's people, damaging its environment and suppressing civil rights.
The harsh language contrasted with Trump's Nowruz statement last year, which made no mention of politics.
In January, Trump delivered an ultimatum to the European signatories of the 2015 nuclear accord, which aimed to curb Iran's nuclear program in return for lifting various trade and economic sanctions.
The Republican president said they must agree to “fix the terrible flaws of the Iran nuclear deal,” which was agreed to under their Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, or they would refuse to extend U.S. sanctions relief on Iran. U.S. sanctions will resume unless Trump issues new “waivers” to suspend them on May 12.
Iran has said that if Washington pulls out of the deal, it will no longer abide by its terms.
In a bid to persuade Washington to remain in the nuclear accord, France urged the European Union on Monday to consider new sanctions on Iran over its involvement in Syria's civil war and its ballistic missile program.
Nowruz is Iran's most important national event and is celebrated with family gatherings, vacations and gift-giving. It is also celebrated by millions around the world, including in Turkey, Iraq and parts of South and Central Asia.
Canadian Columnist Echoes Praise For Toronto Officer Who Arrested Van Attack Suspect NPR's Ari Shapiro speaks with columnist Scott Gilmore about the non-violent arrest of the suspect in the Toronto van attack. Gilmore writes for the Canadian current affairs magazine Maclean's.
SADIQABAD-The newly-elected TMC chairperson pledged to work for uplift of the tehsil with mutual consultation of local notables and the party leaders.
In a meeting with PML-N tehsil president Shahida Yousuf and Ch Yousaf, TMC chairperson Ch Shafique Pappa termed serving public without any discrimination their mission, saying they are determined to introduce new development schemes in the area.
They also pledged to allocate funds for the construction of dual carriageways in the tehsil, adding streetlights installation and water supply to the area are on the top of their priorities. The chairperson assured to work for restoration of the sewerage system and renovation of the Sadiqabad city. They also assured the party leaders of working with mutual consultation of councillors and notables of the area, saying they won't let the party leadership down. They pointed out that serving public is manifesto of the PML-N and the party will satisfy the masses with its performance.
On the occasion, both the PML-N leaders Shahida Yousaf and Ch Yousaf congratulated Ch Pappa over their success and extended good wishes to him.
CHOKED SEWAGE SYSTEM
RILES RESIDENTS
Sewerage, accumulated on Jamaluddin Wali Road, has left shopkeepers of the area sitting idle at their shops by blocking the way for pedestrians and motorists.
According to the report of a survey conducted by this correspondent, residents of the area said that they are faced with great ordeal due to accumulation of the sewage on the road. They said that the sewage has blocked the way for pedestrians and motorists who used to travel on the road. They said that the situation has also threatened the small businesses by turning the road into a no-go area. They also criticised the Tehsil Municipal Administration for not paying heed to the situation despite repeated complaints.
Residents including Ejaz, Irfan, Faizan Ali, Aslam, Usman, Haider, Tabassum and Arshad Ali demanded the RY Khan DCO to take notice of the situation and order the officials concerned to mitigate their miseries.
You're invited to check out a new art space in downtown Rochester.
After shutting down for nearly two years, the SEMVA Art Gallery is opening in a new location. On Friday, the gallery hosts its grand opening celebration from 7 p.m. until 10 p.m. at its new spot at 320 South Broadway.
Visitors will meet the co-op's members and be able to shop the new selection.
SEMVA gives more than 60 local artists a chance to show off and sell their work.
Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie is reportedly under police investigation over a rape allegation.
The retired ice hockey star, who used to play in the National Hockey League (NHL), has been accused of raping a woman at their Los Angeles home on Saturday night, according to TMZ.com.
An unnamed woman has claimed they met them in a bar that night and they went back to their place and they raped them “multiple times”. They reportedly went to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center soon afterwards and had a rape kit administered.
Sources connected to the 36-year-old former athlete claim the woman, who Mike has allegedly known for a long time, had given them full consent to sex. They also allege there was another woman present during their sexual encounter and they have not filed a complaint.
Officers with the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) are investigating the allegation but have not yet spoken to Mike, according to the site.
Mike began dating 29-year-old actor/singer Hilary Duff in 2007, they tied the knot in 2010 and have a four-year-old son named Luca. Hilary filed for divorce in February, 2015, citing irreconcilable differences and requesting primary custody of their son, and it was finalized in February, 2016.
They have remained friends ever since and have regularly been spotted together with their son. They spoke to The Love Bomb podcast in November about how they handled the split.
“I think that I was in a very successful marriage for a long time,” they said. “We got together based on love and we separated in a very loving way. I can't imagine going through that process with anyone but him, and they continue to be my very good friend.
“I think we handled it very consciously and with a lot of love. But marriage is sacred and marriage is not for everyone. Marriage is work. Marriage is really hard.”
They have since dated trainer Jason Walsh, and in January, they made their red carpet debut with new man, musician Matthew Koma.
SEOUL: The daughter of Choi Soon-Sil, the woman at the centre of a corruption scandal that led to the impeachment of South Korea´s President, has been arrested in Denmark after months in hiding, Seoul prosecutors said Monday.
Chung Yoo-Ra, the 20-year-old daughter of the woman dubbed South Korea´s "Rasputin", is one of the figures in the influence-peddling scandal that sparked massive street protests demanding the removal of President Park Geun-Hye.
Danish police arrested Chung Sunday night for overstaying their visa, Korean prosecutors said, adding they were in talks with Danish authorities to have them deported to Seoul.
Choi, a secret confidante of Park, is accused of using their ties with the president to force top firms including Samsung to "donate" nearly $70 million to non-profit foundations Choi then used as their personal ATMs.
 They are also accused of using their influence to secure their daughter´s admission to an elite Seoul university, with a state probe revealing the school had admitted Chung at the expense of other candidates with better qualifications.
The revelation touched a raw nerve in education-obsessed South Korea and prosecutors sought to question Chung over their admission to Ewha Women´s University in 2014.
Park stands accused of colluding with Choi to extract money from the firms and also of letting them meddle in state affairs including nominations of top officials, but the president denies all charges against them
Parliament voted on December 9 to impeach Park over the scandal and their executive powers have been handed to an acting president, Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-Ahn.
The impeachment case is being considered by the Constitutional Court -- which has up to six months to reach a ruling -- but hundreds of thousands of South Koreans have joined weekly protests calling for Park´s immediate departure from office.
If the impeachment is confirmed, a presidential election will have to be held within 60 days.
Choi, daughter of a controversial religious figure who was close to Park until their death in 1994, is awaiting trial on charges including coercion and abuse of power.
Several professors at Ewha Women´s University, including a former school president, have been investigated for giving Chung preferential treatment.
One professor was arrested over the weekend for allegedly giving Chung a good grade for a class they never attended and forcing their teaching assistants to forge exam records for them
Top Samsung managers were also investigated as part of the scandal, following accusations the firm indirectly bankrolled Chung´s equestrian training in Germany in a bid to curry policy favour.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai Daimay Automotive Interior Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT OFFERS TO BUY CAR SUN VISOR RELATED ASSETS FROM MOTUS INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGIES Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nv6yZX Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Shubhankar Sharma held their nerve to sign for a closing 69 and win a first European Tour title at the weather-delayed Joburg Open.
Heavy storms on Sunday forced the event at Randpark Golf Club into a fifth day, with Sharma holding a four-shot lead with their ball on the eighth green when the hooter sounded.
The Indian returned early Monday morning to make their par and they birdied the next hole before finishing with nine pars to finish at 23 under, three shots clear of South African Erik van Rooyen.
A place at next year's Open Championship was up for grabs for the top three players in the field not already exempt and South Africa's Shaun Norris grabbed their spot at Carnoustie due to their higher world ranking after finishing alongside Finn Tapio Pulkkanen at 17 under.
Sharma has five wins on the Professional Golf Tour of India but this is the 21-year-old's first victory on a major circuit after eight top-10 finishes on the Asian Tour.
"It feels absolutely wonderful to have won this week," they said at the trophy presentation. "I actually wasn't going to come here about a week ago and I decided to come so I'm really happy that I came. This is my first time in South Africa and I don't think I'm ever going forget my first time in South Africa.
"I hit the ball good and I putted really well but the key up-and-downs I made over the first three days, I think I only missed two up-and-downs over the whole week. Even today, the up-and-downs I made on the 10th, the 13th and the 15th were very crucial.
"Once in a while you just have to make a few par saves to get a round going and I did just that the whole week."
Van Rooyen was left with a tap-in on the ninth when they resumed their round and while they also birdied the 12th, they could not make any further progress as they signed for a 66.
England's Marcus Armitage was the leading British performer at 15 under, two shots clear of compatriot James Morrison and three ahead of another Englishman in Charlie Ford.
As you've probably heard if you're in the U.S., both the National Rifle Association and some Congressional Republicans (as well as many Democrats) are now calling for either a ban on or tighter regulations of “ bump stocks “—those substitute parts of guns that can convert semiautomatic weapons into automatic ones. The sale of automatic weapons (in which holding down the trigger produces continuous fire) is illegal in America save for those made before 1986, and those old weapons are extraordinarily expensive. However, the sale of “bump” devices, which can turn a semiautomatic into an automatic (these devices move the stock back and forth rapidly against the trigger finger, causing very rapid fire) are legal, and can be ordered online for less than $100.
Given that automatic weapon sales are illegal, I see no justification whatever for allowing the legal sale of devices that can convert a gun into a weapon that would be illegal to buy. Further, how can you even justify the private ownership of automatic weapons or semiautomatic weapons like assault rifles, whose only purpose is to kill as many people as possible in a short time? It seems a no-brainer that bump stocks should be outlawed now.
As I said, some in Congress are considering that, and even the demonic National Rifle Association (NRA) is saying Congress should “review” the regulations about these devices to see if they comply with federal law. Here's the NRA's statement issued after the Las Vegas shootings:
BREAKING: NRA calls for ATF to review gun bump stock devices, and believes they "should be subject to additional regulations.” pic.twitter.com/DI1zDnO7qH — NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) October 5, 2017
But this is all window dressing. Bump stocks are clearly things that should be banned, and the NRA's calling for a “review” is not the same thing as calling for a ban. Once again, the NRA shows its unwillingness to seriously engage with gun control, and on an issue that has an obvious answer. Ban the damn bumpstocks!
More important, banning bump stocks—which of course are now selling like hotcakes to Americans who fear they won't be able to buy them soon—is only the tiniest step in gun control. Far more needs to be done. In my view, all private ownership of guns should be banned except for those who can demonstrate a real need for them: perhaps hunters, farmers, hikers, or those who have been threatened. I've long thought that the words of the Second Amendment clearly indicate what its authors meant when they said this:
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
Is that not clear enough? The right of the people to “keep and bear Arms” is there for the purpose of allowing a “well regulated Militia”. Does Joe Sixpack with their Glock own their arms to participate in a well regulated Militia? While the courts, most particularly the Supreme Court, have interpreted this to mean that people should be able to own their own guns willy-nilly, I'm not at all sure that the Founders who wrote that Amendment would approve of how it's been used. As for myself, I'd favor a total repeal of the Second Amendment and its replacement with other laws.
I believe Michael Shermer, who wrote the article below in yesterday's New York Times (click on screenshot to see it), would agree.
Shermer's op-ed makes two ponts. First, despite the loud claims of gun lovers, gun ownership doesn't make people safer. While there are a few studies that contradict that conclusion, the bulk of the data say that private ownership of guns causes the death of innocent people at a much higher rate than it does the death of criminals at the hands of private gun owners (my emphasis):
Stories about the use of guns in self-defense — a good guy with a gun dispensing with a bad guy with a gun — are legion among gun enthusiasts and conservative talk radio hosts. But a 1998 study in The Journal of Trauma and Acute Care Surgery, to take one of many examples, found that “every time a gun in the home was used in a self-defense or legally justifiable shooting, there were four unintentional shootings, seven criminal assaults or homicides and 11 attempted or completed suicides.” That means a gun is 22 times more likely to be used in a criminal assault, an accidental death or injury, a suicide attempt or a homicide than it is for self-defense. A 2003 study published in the journal Annals of Emergency Medicine, which examined gun ownership levels among thousands of murder and suicide victims and nonvictims, found that gun-owning households were 41 percent more likely to experience a homicide and 244 percent more like to experience a suicide. The Second Amendment protects your right to own a gun, but having one in your home involves a risk-benefit calculation you should seriously consider.
Before you go quoting the counter data, read a piece in this month's Scientific American by Melinda Moyer, “More guns do not stop more crime, evidence shows“. Looking at all the studies, Moyer concludes that the bulk of the good ones show that restricting guns does indeed reduce deaths and crime. A quote:
A decade after laws relax, violent crime rates are 13 to 15 percent higher than they were before. And in 2004 the National Research Council, which provides independent advice on scientific issues, turned its attention to firearm research, including Lott's findings [JAC: this is from a 1997 study by Lott and Mustard claiming to show that crime fell after it became easier to get gun permits]. It asked 15 scholars to reanalyze Lott's data because “there was such a conflict in the field about the findings,” recalls panel chair and criminologist Charles Wellford, now a professor emeritus at the University of Maryland. Lott's models, they found, could be tweaked in tiny ways to produce big changes in results. “The analyses that we did, and that others have done, show that these estimates are very fragile,” Wellford explains. “The committee, with one exception, concluded that you could not accept their conclusion that more guns meant less crime.” Wintemute summarized it this way: “There are a few studies that suggest that liberalizing access to concealed firearms has, on balance, beneficial effects. There are a far larger number of studies that suggest that it has, on balance, detrimental effects.” [JAC: the article describes Garen Wintemute as “a physician and noted gun violence researcher at the University of California, Davis.”]
One problem with getting data is that the NRA has successfully lobbied to prevent the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) from even investigating the question of guns and injuries, even though it is a public safety issue. This is one example of how the NRA is evil, for it prevents collecting empirical data—probably because it knows how those data will come out. As the Sci Am piece reports:
in the late 1990s [Mark] Rosenberg was the director of the CDC's National Center for Injury Prevention and Control, which then funded and studied gun violence. They said they were fired from the agency in 1999 for pushing ahead with this research despite political opposition, although their boss at the time, whom I contacted, disagreed that Rosenberg's actions on gun research caused their dismissal. I asked Rosenberg what happened after the Kellermann studies came out. “The NRA started a multipronged attack on us,” they recounted. “They called the CDC a cesspool of junk science.” Indeed, soon after Kellermann's early studies were published, the NRA ran an article in its official journal, the American Rifleman, encouraging readers to protest the CDC's use of tax dollars to “conduct anti-gun pseudo-scientific studies disguised as research.” The association also asked the National Institute of Health's Office of Scientific Integrity to investigate Kellermann and their colleagues, but it declined. Todd Adkins, current director of research and information at the NRA's Institute for Legislative Action, told me via e-mail that the association was reacting because CDC scientists had started a campaign to persuade Americans that firearms are a menace to public health and ignored data that did not support this idea. As the dispute continued, Representative Jay Dickey of Arkansas introduced a rider into the CDC's 1996 spending bill mandating that none of its funding be used to advocate or promote gun control. Congress also cut out $2.6 million of the CDC's budget, the exact amount that had been allocated for firearm research the previous year. (Later, that funding was restored but was earmarked for traumatic brain injury.) Harvard's Hemenway says that the move “was a shot across the bow: ‘We're watching you.'” They add that “the CDC recognized that they better be really, really, really, really careful about guns if they wanted to have an Injury Center.” Dickey's addition to the CDC's funding bill has been renewed every year since. In fact, in 2011 the language was extended to cover all Department of Health and Human Services agencies, including the NIH.
Note that that extension was under the Obama administration, which did little to stop gun proliferation (granted, they were dealing with a Republican Congress). Still:
The CDC's hands are still tied. After the 2012 school shooting that took the lives of 20 children and six adults in Newtown, Conn., President Barack Obama signed an executive order requesting that the CDC spend $10 million on gun violence research. But Congress did not appropriate the funds. In fact, according to Linda DeGutis, who directed the CDC's Injury Center from 2010 to 2014, agency employees weren't even allowed to discuss Newtown. “We couldn't talk to the media except on background. We couldn't be quoted on anything,” they recall. “There were CDC staff members who wouldn't even mention the word ‘gun.'” (Current staffers declined to be interviewed for this article.)
This is reprehensible. What can possibly justify Congress (whose members have accrued millions of dollars in campaign contributions from the NRA) from preventing the CDC studying gun violence? Well, we know what chain of evil lurks here: the NRA doesn't want that research to happen, because it could possibly—and we don't know this—justify tighter restrictions on owning guns. And the Congress, many of whose Republican members get lots of campaign money from the NRA, don't want to anger that organization. The result: research that could prevent deaths doesn't get done. Congress would prefer people to die, so the members can keep their jobs, rather than appropriate a pittance to see if we could prevent those deaths.
Finally, Shermer notes the “militia” issue, which has made gun nuts do some fast talking to circumvent it. But how can you circumvent this?:
Gun-rights advocates also make the grandiose claim that gun ownership is a deterrent against tyrannical governments. Indeed, the wording of the Second Amendment makes this point explicitly: “A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.” That may have made sense in the 1770s, when breech-loading flintlock muskets were the primary weapons tyrants used to conquer other peoples and subdue their own citizens who could, in turn, equalize the power equation by arming themselves with equivalent firepower. But that is no longer true. If you think stock piling firearms from the local Guns and Guitars store, where the Las Vegas shooter purchased some of their many weapons, and dressing up in camouflage and body armor is going to protect you from an American military capable of delivering tanks and armored vehicles full Navy SEALs to your door, you're delusional. The tragic incidents at Ruby Ridge, in Idaho, and Waco, Tex., in the 1990s, in which citizens armed to the teeth collided with government agencies and lost badly, is a case study for what would happen were the citizenry to rise up in violence against the state today. And in any case, if you're having trouble with the government, a lawyer is a much more potent weapon than a gun.
So bumpstocks get banned. That will have some effect on reducing deaths, if the ban happens, but it's not going to stop the mass shootings, the gun suicides, the accidental shootings of children and family members, and so on, that constitute the bulk of unnecessary gun deaths.
Thanks, NRA!
CAMDEN, N.J. (AP)  A defense lawyer for a woman accused of fatally beating their boyfriend with two metal frying pans claims that they were abused by the man.
A police probable because statement shows that Maleia Cole told police they were angry that Jason Lewis had walked out of the trailer where they lived after an argument.
Public defender Meg Butler said that while Cole wasn't acting in self-defense, they suffered from "more of a battered-woman syndrome." They claimed that drug use led to outbursts from Lewis.
Superior Court Judge Edward McBride noted that Cole admitted to the Sept. 2 attack and ordered them held in Camden County Jail until their trial.
Advertisement
Lewis died from their injuries on Sept. 26.
0
Spoiler warning: If you somehow haven't watched Breaking Bad, the restaurant owner is from that show — if you want to see them revealed organically on Better Call Saul, read no further!
Better Call Saul has been prepping us for Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) to return for quite some time. We knew they were an important part of Jimmy / Saul (Bob Odenkirk) and Mike's (Jonathan Banks) history from Breaking Bad, so it would make sense for them to come into play during Saul. Further, the show has done some Los Pollos Hermanos-specific advertising and fun, cheesy commercials to build up to the event. So here we are, in only the second episode of Season 3, and Gus is nigh.
I've argued before, most recently in my review of Season 3, that Better Call Saul is better when it's not trying to be Breaking Bad, or connecting to Breaking Bad too closely. But “Witness” was essentially Breaking Bad. Most of the episode was leading up to Gus through Mike's surveillance (which we of course knew would happen). Still, it was great to see Jimmy try and track the backpack in the restaurant just because of the inherent tension Odenkirk brings to the scene. We know Gus is dangerous, yet we know the two work together in the future — somehow I was able to remember the former and dismiss the later when watching Jimmy twitch and bring a nervous energy to their task, worried that they might be caught.
The backpack never moved, but Gus swept up beside it. Did they know they were being watched, or was there something there on the ground that Jimmy couldn't see? Later in the episode we saw Gus sweeping outside and then slowly stand up, narrowing their eyes as they perhaps caught sight of Jimmy's car reflection in the restaurant window. They were suspicious, and of course later we see that lead to Mike being brought out to a desert road where their gas cap GPS has been deposited, along with a cell phone that we don't hear the conversation for — yet. But we can guess who it is.
Esposito has made it clear that we will be seeing a lot of Gus in the next few seasons of Saul. I'm not altogether sure that's a good thing. So much of Gus' power as a character comes from them being a mysterious figure. The genius of their process is in how careful they are, which is why no one around them ever knew about their drug connections until, essentially, their death. But as great as the tension was in the scene with Jimmy interacting with them at the restaurant (especially the incident with the trash can, as Gus brightly donned gloves and helped them dig for their watch), we've seen it all before. It's almost identical to how Gus first met Walt (or rather, first passed them by and then later revealed himself). It's a great thing to see for the first time, if there are any Better Call Saul fans who haven't watched Breaking Bad (who I would be fascinated to hear from — @keeneTV, y'all). But for the rest of us, it feels a little stale.
What worked really well in “Witness” was — on the lighter side — seeing Howard (Patrick Fabian) hopping over backyard walls, and — on the more dramatic front — the build-up to both Kim (Rhea Seehorn) finding out what Jimmy did to Chuck (Michael McKean), and Chuck's ultimate betrayal. It wasn't enough that they taped their brother's confession. When they knew that wouldn't hold up in court, they hired a bodyguard and had Howard there to bear witness to Jimmy's outburst and confession. It was sickening to see Chuck's machinations all in the name of pride. What Jimmy did wasn't right, but they came from a good place. Chuck's actions do not. Odenkirk killed it, once again, as they confronted Chuck: “For this you destroyed our family? Are you happy now? For what? For nothing!”
Maybe part of it is not knowing Jimmy's story at the point, or how they become Saul, that makes their story so riveting. With this and the entrance of Gus, the way becomes very clear for Jimmy to continue their Saul transformation. But it also means we're definitely in Breaking Bad territory. These are still early days for Gus, too, and there may be more to their own transformation that we'll see in subsequent episodes and even seasons. But while AMC may be quick to want to connect the two worlds, Better Call Saul has its own charm and appeal that gets watered down with too much Breaking Bad. They can both be good and they can both exist in the same world without so much crossover — at least, not yet.
Better Call Saul airs Monday nights on AMC
Share:
RAWALPINDI: District Health Department along with local police raided a godown at Dhoke Chaudrian and seized a huge quantity of Indian smuggled drugs, informed sources on Wednesday. However, the owner of the godown managed to escape the scene, sources said.
According to sources, a team of DHD, under the surveillance of Drug Controller Navid Anwar, on a tip off, carried out a raid on a godown where a huge cache of drugs is stocked. Local police were also assisting the DHD team and recovered huge quantity of drugs from the godown. The medicines were smuggled from India and were not registered, sources added. During the raid, the smuggler ran away while the seized drugs were shifted to PS Race Course. A case has also been registered under sections 23/27 of Drug Act 1976 with PS Race Course.
© 2001–2017 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
MADRID - A Spanish government official Friday offered the first apology to Catalans injured by police during their outlawed independence vote as the sides showed tentative signs of seeking an exit from the crisis.
In Spain's deepest political crisis in decades, Catalan leaders had threatened to declare independence unilaterally and Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vowed to stop them, rejecting calls for mediation.
The worsening standoff raised fears of further unrest in the northeastern region, a tourist-friendly land of 7.5 million people that accounts for a fifth of Spain's economy. But Friday saw the first signs the sides may be willing to step back from the brink in a political conflict that threatens to destabilise Europe.
After days of ill-tempered rhetoric, the central government said it regretted last Sunday's injuries and suggested Catalonia should hold a regional election to settle the crisis.
Catalan government minister Santi Vila, a close of ally of regional president Carles Puigdemont, meanwhile told broadcaster Rac1 that their side could consider a "ceasefire" in the dispute, to avoid a further crackdown by Madrid.
Puigdemont postponed an appearance in the regional parliament at which some leaders were hoping for a declaration of independence, a spokesperson said. Spain's central government apologised on behalf of police to people hurt in last Sunday's referendum disturbances. "I can do nothing but regret it, apologise on behalf of the officers who intervened," said the government's representative in Catalonia, Enric Millo. "I am very sad, very sorry, we deeply regret that we have arrived at this situation, it has been very hard, everything that we have experienced and seen these past few days," they said. Central government spokesperson Ignacio Mendez de Vigo also said later they "regretted" the injuries. "It would be good to start mending this fracture... through regional elections," they told a news conference.
In Madrid meanwhile, Catalonia's police chief and two prominent separatist leaders avoided being remanded in custody at a court hearing Friday over sedition accusations.
The court summons raised tensions, but despite the gravity of the accusations the court did not issue a custodial order that could have further escalated the dispute.
Jordi Cuixart and Jordi Sanchez, leaders of Catalonia's two biggest pro-independence civil groups, and regional police chief Josep Lluis Trapero walked free from the preliminary hearing at the National Court in Madrid.
A court official told AFP the judge had ordered no custody or other cautionary measures against them pending an investigation into the accusations. The two civil leaders were accused of sedition for their role in unrest during protests in Barcelona last month.
Trapero's force was accused of failing to rein in the protesters.
"We are convinced that sooner rather than later the Spanish state will have to sit down for a dialogue" with the Catalan regional government, Cuixart said.
The government says it will not join in any talks or accept mediation until the Catalans abandon their independence drive.
Spain's Constitutional Court on Thursday ordered the suspension of a session scheduled for Monday in the Catalan parliament at which some leaders have called for an independence declaration.
If Catalonia declares independence, Spain could respond by suspending the region's existing autonomous status and imposing direct rule from Madrid.
In spite of the government apology on Friday, the government in Madrid pushed ahead with a measure to pressure Catalonia economically. It passed a decree to make it quicker for businesses to shift their legal domiciles away from one region to another.
Catalonia's second-biggest bank said Thursday it was shifting its legal headquarters out of the region due to the turbulence.
Catalonia's biggest lender CaixaBank was also set to hold discussions on Friday about possibly shifting its legal domicile out of the region, a source close to the matter told AFP.
With its own language and cultural traditions, demands for independence in Catalonia date back centuries but have surged during recent years of economic crisis.
Barcelona Football Club, a powerful symbol of Catalan identity, and its captain Andres Iniesta called for dialogue to settle the crisis. "Do it for all of us. We deserve to live in peace," Iniesta wrote on Facebook.
Their Spain teammate and Real Madrid rival Sergio Ramos said they hoped the crisis will be "resolved as soon as possible."
They spoke at a news conference ahead of Friday night's World Cup qualifier against Albania. But Ramos also said "hats off" to Spain's King Felipe, who angered Catalan leaders by calling them to drop their independence drive.
Three NFF leaders join SLFP National Freedom Front (NFF) Deputy Leader Weerakumara Dissanayake, National Organiser Piyasiri Wijenayake and North Central Provincial Councillor P.B. Kumara today joined the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) led by President Maithripala Sirisena.
Sriyani was compelled to leave: PHU The Pivithuru Hela Urumaya (PHU) referring to the cross over of JO MP Sriyani Wijewickrama to the group led by President Maithripala Sirisena, said they did not do so voluntarily, but was driven to do so.
Railways Dept. seeks help of retired workers Retired employees of the Railways Department had been called in following the declaration of railway services as Essential Service by the President.
Excise Amendment Bill presented to Parliament The Excise Amendment Bill, under which rules would be made to obtain a license when tapping coconut and palmyrah trees, was presented to Parliament today.
BENGALURU (Reuters) - Gold prices edged higher on Thursday, as the dollar eased from 6-1/2-month highs hit earlier this week, with prices further supported by concerns over U.S.-China trade.
FILE PHOTO: A worker pours gold at the AngloGold Ashanti mine at Obuasi, Ghana, October 23, 2003 . REUTERS/Luc Gnago/File Photo
Spot gold was up 0.1 percent at $1,302.50 per ounce by 0344 GMT. It was headed for a monthly decline of about 1 percent, its biggest since February.
U.S. gold futures for June delivery were 0.1 percent higher at $1,303.20 per ounce.
“Gold is largely being influenced by how the dollar is moving and the dollar move overnight is a clear representation of why gold prices have risen this morning,” said OCBC analyst Barnabas Gan.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, fell 0.1 percent to 94.027. [USD/]
A weaker dollar makes bullion cheaper for holders of other currencies.
“Prices are still very dependent on how risk aversion is playing up and the global news surrounding the U.S.-Sino trade tensions as well as the possibility of a North Korea summit, that uncertainty is a big driver for gold prices,” Gan added.
China said on Wednesday it was ready to fight back if Washington was looking for a trade war, days ahead of a planned visit by U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
Meanwhile, U.S. and North Korean officials met in New York late on Wednesday in the first of two days of talks about the future of Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program and a possible summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
“Some weaker than expected economic data in the U.S. also helped boost investor demand (for gold),” ANZ said in a note.
U.S. economic growth slowed slightly more than initially thought in the first quarter as consumer spending rose at its weakest pace in nearly five years.
However, tensions over Italy cooled as the country's two main anti-establishment parties renewed efforts to form a government, reducing the prospect of a general election, which had stoked fears that such a vote will effectively be a referendum on the country's euro membership.
In other precious metals, spot silver was steady at $16.51 an ounce, set to rise over 1 percent this month.
Platinum fell 0.2 percent to $904.94 an ounce but was headed for a small monthly gain.
Palladium was steady at $985.40 an ounce and was headed for its biggest monthly gain since December, climbing over 2 percent.
4 signings which can help Real Madrid improve next season
4 signings which will improve Real Madrid.
Ameya Vaidya CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 21:02 IST 7.97K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
FC Barcelona v Real Madrid CF - La Liga
Real Madrid is one of the most widely supported club in the world. Since its inception, it has never been relegated from the top division. In 2016-17 season it was the second highest-earning football club in the world, with an annual revenue of €674.6 million. Real Madrid established itself as a major force in both Spanish and European football in the 1950's, winning 5 consecutive European Cups and reaching the final 7 times.
The success was replicated in the league, where the club won 5 times in the space of 7 years. In the domestic football, the club has won 64 trophies, a record 33 La Liga titles, 19 Copa del Rey. In Europe, they have won 13 European Cup/UEFA Champions League tittles and two UEFA Cups. Real Madrid was recognised as the FIFA Club of the 20th Century on 11 December 2000.
Their current squad is very talented, consisting of world-class players and have won the Champions League for 3 consecutive years in 2016, 2017 and 2018. They squad consist of Luka Modric and Toni Kroos, probably two of the best midfielders in the world and have forwards like Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale, who have great feet.
The one thing which didn't impress the Madrid fans this season is their below par performance in La Liga. They finished third on the table, with a difference of 17 points between them and Barcelona.
Their worst defeat in the season 3-0, was in the El Clasico at the Bernabeu in the first half of the season. There have been many lacklustre performances this season by Madrid coupled with injury to Gareth Bale for some part of the season and fewer goals scored by Ronaldo in La Liga as per Madrid's expectation. Let us look at the 4 signings who can improve Real Madrid next season
#4 David Alaba
Bayern Muenchen v Eintracht Frankfurt - DFB Cup Final
Alaba is a very versatile player. Having played in central midfield, right and left wing and in central defence, they have blossomed as a left-back. They have good pace and ability to shoot from long distance. Being a good free-kick taker, they have an excellent left foot.
There are rumours doing the round that Marcelo will leave Madrid alongside Cristiano Ronaldo, if the Portuguese leaves in the summer. Alaba will prove to be a perfect replacement for Marcelo as both are identically gifted left-backs.
Alaba will provide both strength and pace on the left wing for Real Madrid. There are rumours that Alaba might cost Real Madrid more than £40 million.
RAWALPINDI - Pharmacists' strike against amendments in drug act continued for the third day in Punjab on Wednesdayand other parts of country including Rawalpindi which is creating a lot of difficulties for the patients.
As per details, medical stores in Mall Road, Bohar Bazaar, Murree Road, Fawara Chowk and other areas of Rawalpindi remained closed for the third day. Moreover, protest camps are being held at Mall Road and Bohar Bazaar, and the protesters claim strike will continue until the amendments in drug act are taken back.
District administration is also doing nothing to end the miseries of patients as they continue to suffer due to lack of medicines. The citizens have demanded local management to take legal action against the store owners.
On the contrary, the pharmacists have claimed that medicine supply is not interrupted in any private or government hospital of Rawalpindi, and stock is available for emergency cases.
The pharmacists do not want to be accountable for their illegal conducts and continue to trouble patients. People without any qualification and license have become chemists and are playing with the lives of people by not only selling medicines, but also by diagnosing diseases and treating patients themselves.
The staff at their stores is uneducated and cannot even read the prescriptions written by doctors correctly. It has been reported that more than 70 percent of the medical stores do not qualify for the required standards. Their only purpose is to earn money, as they do not care about the lives of people.
Days Of Our Lives spoilers are here to make fans of NBC's longest running daytime drama cry and swoon over their favorite love teams at the same time. News about Days Of Our Lives are as explosive as celebrations on New Year's Eve as this week's episodes deliver more steamy moments from the show's new fan favorite couple Chad and Abigail. More popularly known as “Chabby,” Chad and Abby seem to be off to a fresh start this 2017 as Days Of Our Lives spoilers reported by Blasting News indicate more “steamy” moments between the two. Apparently, Chad and Abby will be rekindling their love for each other despite the couple's past decisions that proved to be troublesome for their family. For those who missed it, a December DOOL episode spoiler which was previously reported by the Inquisitr revealed how Abby coincidentally walks in on Chad and Gabi as they are sharing a passionate kiss. In the latest #DAYS, Abigail confronts Gabi over their budding relationship with Chad. https://t.co/H2Wx3EFLXR pic.twitter.com/lFPrPYbmO8 — Days of our Lives (@nbcdays) December 27, 2016 But while many Chabby fans were as shocked as Abby at what they saw, the couple seemed to have gotten over it albeit slowly before the year ended as Gabi soon becomes an unlikely friend to Abby particularly when the latter suffers from a panic attack because of the choices they made in the past. Trouble in paradise. #DAYS pic.twitter.com/g6rzcHcIjO — Days of our Lives (@nbcdays) December 28, 2016 That aside, it seems like Chad and Abby patch things up enough for them to end up in what Days Of Our Lives spoilers from TV Guide described as a kiss that “builds in passion.” According to the website, Chabby will celebrate New Year's Eve together on the DOOL episode on Tuesday, January 3, where they eventually end up kissing in a way that would gradually bring back memories of the time when they were a complete family. Of course, not all is well in other parts of Salem as JJ sinks deeper into a difficult situation after finding out devastating news from the love of their life who turns out to be Gabi. Days Of Our Lives spoilers indicate that Gabi will officially end it between JJ and themselves because of a past hook up between them and Lani in Miami. Things get even messier as the January 6 DOOL episode comes to your TV screens where JJ experiences a very tense moment with Gabi during a family trip with their sister and brother-in-law. Imagine how awkward it is to see Chad and Abby happily together during a family outing with JJ where they encounter Gabi in a super tense scene. What is quite confusing though is the matter between Chad and Gabi. Apparently, the two try to settle things once and for all in the coming week as Chad may have already fallen for Gabi but encountered a game-changer when they learned that Abby is alive and has returned to complete their family again. Gabi also confirms that they did mean it when they told Chad that they loved them despite it all which makes quite an interesting first week of the New Year for Chabby fans as well as those who want Gabi for Chad. Elsewhere, Days Of Our Lives spoilers also indicate more drama and heartbreak as Nicole encounters a dreadful situation any mother could ever imagine: bidding goodbye to their baby. Meanwhile, Rafe struggles to tell Hope that Stefano is alive and well as they receive news about sightings of the man who was supposedly dead. After learning about the sighting, Shane then asks Rafe to go to Europe to confirm the news. Did you like this Day's Of Our Lives spoilers? Share your thoughts in the comments section below or share the news with your friends over social media. [Featured Image by NBC]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
NBC's latest sci-fi drama series Reverie, which premieres on May 30, paints a picture of a Black Mirror-esque future where people can escape from reality into VR-induced dreams of their own choosing. Sounds pretty blissful, right? The only problem is waking up. The company that creates these dream experiences, Reverie, decides to hire former hostage negotiator Mara Kint (played by Sarah Shahi) in order to slip into people's subconscious states and convince them to wake up from their fantasies and return to reality before it's too late. But is Mara Kint based on a real person? The character and the Inception-style dreaming-jumping part of their job are pure fiction, but hostage negotiators are very real, indeed.
In an interview with SyFy, Sarah Shahi explained that they and Mara Kint share a particularly special connection. "I put a lot of my own experiences into her," Shahi said. "I mean, of all the projects that I've done, this one became very personal to me in a way that the others never were." Shahi revealed that they received the script for Reverie after their father's passing, and thus felt a strong emotional pull to play this character, who was also going through a difficult time. "Reverie was one of those pieces that I read and I felt like I was the perfect person to play it. [Mara] was so broken, they were trying to overcome the loss of their sister and their niece. They were being haunted by them throughout the series."
One of the promos for Reverie highlights Mara's role in the show as "The Healer," and indicates that their job is to bring people back from the brink of their own subconscious. The official synopsis describes them as "a former hostage negotiator and expert on human behavior, who became a college professor after facing an unimaginable personal tragedy." Them former boss, played by Dennis Haysbert, hires them for their skills in hostage negotiation in order to save the innocent people that are unable to return from their Reveries.
According to the College Foundation of North Carolina (CFNC), hostage negotiators are law enforcement agents with special training in defusing high-pressure situations, specifically involving hostages. Detective Pete Ahern explains that more recent nomenclature for hostage negotiators is crisis negotiators, as they actually handle more than just hostage situations. "We are more recently referred to as crisis negotiators because we also intervene in suicide attempts and barricaded suspect situations."
A crisis negotiator might be a better term for what it is that Kint does at Reverie, as it doesn't appear that the people they are attempting to rescue are being held hostage per se, but rather, are falling victim to their own escapist subconscious.
Sergei Bachlakov/NBC
New York Police Lt. Chris Zimmerman is the commander of the NYPD's hostage negotiation team. In an interview with CNN, they explained that the job of a hostage negotiator is to be there to protect human life when it is at its most vulnerable. "We're getting called when people are at their worst moments," they said. "We're there until the job ends — whether it be 20 minutes or 20 hours. At the end of the day, it all comes down to human life. It's all about helping somebody who is in crisis."
When it comes to negotiating crises, there's an established set of rules that the professionals use to get things done. The FBI developed something called the Behavorial Change Stairway Model, which has five steps for getting another party to understand your point of view and alter their behavior. Former head of FBI international hostage negotiation, Chris Voss, told interviewer Eric Barker of Time that most people tend to ignore emotions when they're trying to negotiate. This is a crucial mistake. Voss explained,
"Human beings are incapable of being rational, regardless ... So instead of pretending emotions don't exist in negotiations, hostage negotiators have actually designed an approach that takes emotions fully into account and uses them to influence situations, which is the reality of the way all negotiations go."
So while Mara Kint and the high-tech dream-manipulation of Reverie aren't 100 percent real, that doesn't mean that the show doesn't take just as much inspiration from real life as from science fiction. If a company like Reverie did exist, then a highly trained hostage negotiator like Mara Kint would be a VIP on the payroll in order to help keep vulnerable innocents safe.
Share:
LONDON - Eoin Morgan has been forced to pull out of the ICC World XI squad for the 31 May Twenty20 International against the Windies at Lord's due to a fractured finger.
Morgan, England's limited-overs skipper, had been set to captain the side. They will be replaced as captain by former Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi, while Morgan's compatriot Sam Billings will take their place in the squad. Surrey all-rounder Sam Curran and England fast bowler Tymal Mills have also been added to the World XI squad.
Afridi, a leg-spinning all-rounder, represented their country in over 500 international matches and famously broke the record for the fastest ODI century in their maiden international innings as a 16-year-old.
Billings, a 26-year-old wicketkeeper-batsman, has 30 caps for England in ODIs and T20Is, and has just returned from a stint in the IPL playing for the Chennai Super Kings. Though they were in and out of the side during the competition, their 23-ball 56 helped the side, who finished as champions, earn their first win in this year's tournament.
Mills is an out-and-out fast bowler, touted as the quickest in England. Chronic back injuries have meant they only plays T20 cricket, but they have starred in various domestic competitions around the world, and in 2017 fetched the highest auction price for an overseas fast bowler in IPL history.
Sam Curran, a left-arm quick and middle-order batsman, is one of the most highly-regarded prospects in the English game. Still only 19 years old, they have five first-class five-fors and the best match haul of 10/101.  They are the brother of Tom Curran, who made their England debut last summer and has since played for them in all three formats.
The injury was sustained while fielding at backward point during Middlesex's game against Somerset at Taunton on Sunday 27 May as a ball caught them on the top of the ring finger on their right hand. After the blow caused a bruise, Morgan was sent for a precautionary x-ray, which revealed a crack.
Andy Flower, Andrew Strauss' stand-in as director of England cricket, said: "It is not a bad crack but it is bad enough to keep them out of tomorrow's Middlesex game and the World XI game. It is not a huge concern, it is one we can hopefully manage past in about a week."
All the proceeds from this match will be used to redevelop stadia in the Caribbean, which were damaged due to hurricanes last year.
In line with its long-standing commitment to Women and the Well Being of Communities, Coca-Cola will support the Ministry of Health to reduce the high maternal and newborn mortalities in the Ivory Coast and Nigeria.
The Coca-Cola Company will launch a new program – The Safe Birth Initiative – to support the Ministries of Health in the Ivory Coast and Nigeria to tackle the high incidence of maternal and newborn mortalities in the two countries. This was disclosed by the Coca-Cola Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA) Group President, Brian Smith, during a courtesy visit to Their Excellency Alassane Ouattara, President of the Republic of the Ivory Coast.
The program will focus on strengthening the capacity of maternity and neonatal units in selected public hospitals in the Ivory Coast and Nigeria. With US$2 million grant from Coca-Cola to Medshare International Inc., the US-based not-for-profit NGO will source essential equipment, kits and supplies worth about US$20 million to enable safe deliveries and post-delivery emergency care for both mothers and their newborns.
The program will also include the training of biomedical technicians and other appropriate hospital personnel by Medshare International on the operation, repair and maintenance of the donated equipment as well as the reactivation of a huge stock of faulty or abandoned equipment in public hospitals which is a major challenge for the country's healthcare delivery system.
This intervention comes as the Ivory Coast, which has enjoyed stability and one of the fastest economic growth rates since the end of a civil war in 2011, grapples with some of the highest maternal and newborn mortality ratios globally. According to UNICEF's 2016 State of the World's Children report, 38 out of every 1,000 babies die within the first 28 days of birth while 645 out of 100,000 women die during or shortly after child birth due to avoidable conditions. This translates to 31,000 newborns and 5,400 maternal deaths annually in a country with a population of 24 million people.
In Nigeria on the other hand, about 40,000 women and 260,000 newborns (excluding 300,000 stillborn) die during or shortly after childbirth annually. About 29% of the newborn deaths (90,000) occur in the first 24 hours of birth. For this reason, neonatal mortality is considered as one of the worst public health crises in Nigeria and a major priority for the Government in its resolve to meet the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Brian Smith, Coca-Cola EMEA Group President stated, “The commitment to help promote sustainable development in our communities is a fundamental part of Coca-Cola's strategy for sustainable business growth. This program which demonstrates this commitment will help save the precious lives of many mothers and newborns and also support the remarkable efforts of the Ivorian government at rebuilding this vibrant country”.
President Ouattara welcomed Coca-Cola's support for the Health Ministry, noting that maternal and child health was an area the country recorded a weak performance under the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). “Your new program will translate to improved healthcare and budget savings which will be channeled to other needs” President Ouattara said, adding that their Administration has been able to drive fast growth in the economy at an average rate of 9% over the last 5 years. “Our emphasis now is to boost social expenditure with a focus on health, education and youth employment in order reduce the poverty level further from 50% to about 25% by the end of my current tenure”.
Ivorian Minister of Health, Dr. Goudou Coffi, noted that improvement of maternal and newborn healthcare is one of the public health priorities of the country and thanked Coca-Cola for the initiative. “Coca-Cola's support through the Safe Birth Initiative will significantly strengthen our healthcare capacity and boost our resolve towards achieving the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) targets in relation to maternal and newborn mortalities”, they said.
Peter Njonjo, President of Coca-Cola West Africa Business Unit said “Coca-Cola has a special relationship with women who are pillars of our business, especially in Africa where women play a dominant role in our distribution and retail network. Just like our 5by20 Initiative, the Safe Birth Initiative which we will be implementing in the Ivory Coast and Nigeria is a platform enabling us to promote the wellbeing of women, in this case, as it relates to the special but vulnerable experience of childbirth”.
You can give new meaning to singing in the rain with a showerhead that includes a built-in wireless, removable speaker that you can sync to your smartphone music library.
No luxurious home upgrade is complete without the enhancements of modern technology. High-tech and intelligent devices lend ease to everyday activities and enrich your ability to enjoy the comforts of home. With new products joining this category at an exponential pace, theres a way to boost the smart function of every room, even the bathroom.
Climate controls
Environmental elements like lighting and temperature are among the first signals your brain processes when you enter a new space. Aligning those nuances with your comfort and preferences is the ultimate expression of personalization. Motion or voice control sensors make it possible to bring lights to life with next to no effort, while a smart thermostat with differentiated climate zones can adjust to meet your needs throughout the day, perhaps kicking up a few degrees to prevent a chill when you emerge from a steamy shower.
Uncommon commodes
There truly is no limit to the home features that can work harder, faster and smarter  even when it comes to the toilet. If the notion of an intelligent toilet seems extreme to your senses, you may not be alone.
When Americans hear the word bidet, most have an outdated picture in their minds of a standalone fixture, but in fact, the functionality is now built into a toilet or attachable seats, and they are simple to use. Once you try one, you wont be able to live without it, said Shane Allis, marketing director of Kohler Sanitary Products. From intelligent toilets to cleansing seats that attach to existing toilets, modern day bidets are for consumers who are looking for an upgrade to their toilet routine.
Advertisement
In fact, according to a recent survey conducted by Kohler, about two-thirds of Americans would choose a toilet that would give them a cleaner, fresher feeling, and 3 in 5 think washing with water would give them a cleaner feel than toilet paper alone.
An overall fresher feeling and features like a deodorizer, night light and heated seat have strong appeal, according to the same survey, and those features are all offered in options like the Kohler Veil, an ultimate, one-piece intelligent toilet with integrated cleansing functionality that provides optimum hygiene and individual comfort. From personal cleansing to an LED nightlight to hands-free opening, closing and flushing  all of which are easy to control on a touchscreen LCD remote control  the toilet brings unexpected options to your bathroom. Explore the available models and learn more about intelligent toilets at Kohler.com/IntelligentToilets.
Shower with power
Whether its a playlist that energizes you for the day or soothing sounds to center you before an important meeting, you can give new meaning to singing in the rain with a showerhead that includes a built-in wireless, removable speaker that you can sync to your smartphone music library.
When you take your shower digital, you can actually bring water, steam, music and light together into one sensory experience. Beyond that, its even possible to configure your shower to cycle through spa programs that target different areas of your body with varied water sprays and temperatures.
Hydrotherapy haven
A jetted tub is just the beginning when it comes to creating a spa-like atmosphere. Todays options let you trick out your tub with everything from bubbles and heat to sound and color. Advanced hydrotherapy options use air or sound to massage, soothe, invigorate or relax your body and your mind  all controlled at the touch of a button. Dont forget the heated back to keep you warm even longer.
Perfect privacy
If youre blessed with a stunning view out the bathroom window or if you simply prefer the aura of natural light, you may be reluctant to hide behind heavy window treatments. Yet again, technology offers the solution. Shades you can power with a remote control and even film coverings that convert from transparent to opaque with the touch of a button can give you the freedom to embrace your privacy or celebrate the suns rays.
Tech-sessories
The big features may deliver the wow factor, but little touches can add up for a big impact as well. Mirrors that recognize your face and voice to deliver customized media, such as news and music, can also be programmed to alter the temperature and lighting while you conduct your toiletry business. Other accessories to round out your high-tech renovation include devices such as smart scales that integrate with other devices to maximize your health and wellness routine.
With these tech upgrades and more, you can turn an ordinary bathroom into an entirely new, refreshing experience.
 MetroCreative Connection
Adrian Wojnarowski explains that if the Cavaliers hold on to Kyrie Irving until Dec. 15, they can be dealt for players who signed free-agent deals this summer. (0:43)
With the Cleveland Cavaliers among our favorites for Team Turmoil in 2017-18, the Eastern Conference might be as wide open as ever. But despite the offseason drama surrounding LeBron James & Co., does the road to the NBA Finals still go through The Land?
We asked the ESPN Forecast panel of 44 experts to rank its top three choices for the 2017-18 Eastern Conference champions, with a first-place vote receiving five points, a second-place vote receiving three and a third-place vote receiving one.
Here are the results:
Forecast: 2017-18 East champs
1. Cleveland Cavaliers
First-place votes: 34
Total points: 200
2016-17: 51-31 (L, NBA Finals)
Comments: For all the offseason drama, the road through the East still goes through Cleveland, as more than 75 percent of our panel picked the Cavaliers to reach the NBA Finals for the fourth straight season. Potential chemistry issues aside, if Kyrie Irving is in a Cavs uniform, it's tough to peg anyone else in that top spot.
Even if they were to trade Irving, there's evidence that LeBron James & Co. have enough to get the job done. Over the plast three seasons, the Cavaliers have played 3,828 minutes -- about 80 full games worth -- with James on the floor without Irving. In those minutes, they've outscored teams by 9.6 points per 100 possessions, nearly identical to the plus-9.5 figure they've posted with both James and Irving on the court. Though Irving's shot-making in high-leverage spots might be impossible to replace, all signs point to LeBron's presence as enough to warrant top dog status. -- Micah Adams, ESPN Stats & Info
2. Boston Celtics
First-place votes: 10
Total points: 143
2016-17: 53-29 (L, East finals)
Comments: If the Cavaliers do trade Irving, no team is ready to pounce quite like the Celtics. History will remember the 2017 Eastern Conference finals as a non-competitive five-game series in which the Celtics were clearly out-classed. And yet were it not for Irving delivering a transcendent Game 4 performance with James saddled in foul trouble, it would have been tied 2-2 going back to Boston.
Should they meet again -- with or without Irving -- one can see how swapping out Avery Bradley for Gordon Hayward might be enough to swing the pendulum in Boston's favor. If Jaylen Brown develops and rookie Jayson Tatum hits, Boston's perimeter suddenly looks spry, switchy and far more imposing. Perhaps that's what the 10 members of our expert panel who picked the Celtics see playing out. -- Adams
3. Washington Wizards
First-place votes: 0
Total points: 33
2016-17: 49-33 (L, East semis)
Comments: Washington's two major moves this offseason consisted of inking John Wall to their new super max and matching Brooklyn's max offer to Otto Porter Jr. For now, their path to contention is banking on the continued development of their young pieces.
Porter is an advanced stats darling, ranking sixth last season in Real Plus-Minus among small forwards (ahead of Gordon Hayward and Paul George) while leading the Wizards in Wins Shares ahead of both Wall and Bradley Beal, both of whom enjoyed career seasons. Kelly Oubre revamped their shot over the summer and will need to improve to keep the bench units afloat, especially after losing Bojan Bogdanovic in free agency.
The Wizards' starting lineup logged 1,347 minutes, nearly 500 more than any other five-man lineup in the NBA, and posted a scoring margin equal to that of a 60-win team. Every other Wizards lineup, even those featuring four starters and a single reserve, combined to perform at the level of a 37-win team. -- Adams
Also receiving votes: Toronto Raptors (10), Milwaukee Bucks (9), Miami Heat (1).
New event benefits Equality Texas
JAMES RUSSELL | Contributing Writer
james.journo@gmail.com
A year ago, Steve Atkinson of Dallas, along with other members of the newly-formed Dallas steering committee for Equality Texas, wanted a fresh way to promote the statewide lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender advocacy group.
That idea birthed the upcoming Valentine's Day-themed event, Love Equality, taking place Saturday, Feb. 10.
“It's a big, fun party,” Atkinson explained, “and a celebration of our community and relationships.”
It is also, to be clear, a fundraiser. In fact, Atkinson and event co-chair Wesley Bailey want Love Equality to become an annual fundraiser. Think Black Tie Dinner, the annual benefit for the Human Rights Campaign, but more laidback — at least for now.
Hosting the event is just one of the tasks of the local steering committee of roughly 25 members.
The Dallas group is one of four active Equality Texas steering committees in the state. According to Collin Acock, the organization's chief development officer, other committees are active in Amarillo, Austin and Houston. And, they added, “Our board members are starting steering committees in Brownsville, Corpus Christi, El Paso, Laredo and San Antonio.”
Each steering committee is tasked with raising awareness of the organization in their respective communities through events like Love Equality. The Dallas committee includes a mix of veteran activists like Atkinson as well as newer ones like Bailey, much to Atkinson's delight.
“They bring different spheres of influence,” Atkinson said of the board members who are a bit newer to activism, as well their own skill sets.
Bailey, a Dallas real estate lawyer who Atkinson called “fantastic,” got involved through a colleague. After Donald Trump's election in 2016, Bailey was shocked and concerned, and they suddenly felt the urge to get involved despite never having served in a leadership role with a politically active group like Equality Texas.
Bailey did not just join the committee, they also willingly co-chairs the events committee, another first for him.
“I'm not an events person. But I'm anal and organized. I can stay within a budget,” they explained.
Atkinson, on the other hand, has been involved with Equality Texas throughout its various iterations, going back as far the 1990s when it was called the Lesbian/Gay Rights Lobby of Texas.
They served a total of nine years on the organization's board, two of those as chair.
When they stepped down from that board, Atkinson got involved with the Human Rights Campaign, serving in various board leadership roles. But they could not stay away from Equality Texas for long. They currently serve as vice chair of the Equality Texas Foundation, the organization's non-profit arm in charge of education and outreach, not legislative lobbying.
“I'm really excited to be back. The group is close to my heart,” Atkinson said. “I'm excited about the future of the organization.”
Equality Texas Chief Executive Officer Chuck Smith noted they hired their first full-time Dallas staff member, Education and Resource Coordinator Rachel Gonzales. With their daughter Libby, who is trans, Gonzales may most recently be known as one of the many faces of opposition to the so-called bathroom bill restricting bathroom access for transgender individuals last session.
The bill died, but the organization hired Gonzales, whose background involves developing awareness of various communities.
“We are excited about our board presence in Dallas and what it means for Equality Texas. With Love Equality, we have grown to the point of holding an annual event that we hope will activate our supporters and engage new champions for LGBTQ dignity, respect, and rights in Texas,” Smith said.
Atkinson is thrilled about the organization's growth even beyond Dallas. “Equality Texas is the primary organization deserving the support of every LGBT person in the state. They are on the frontlines and on our home turf, constantly impacting our lives,” they said.
The Dallas steering committee meets at 6:30 p.m. on the second Tuesday of the month in the Interfaith Peace Chapel at Cathedral of Hope, 5910 Cedar Springs Road. For more information e-mail marksadlek@gmail.com.
Few people have had a more transcending impact on the NHL than legendary coach and general manager Jack Adams. For 36 years, Adams led the Detroit Red Wings organization in some capacity, coaching the likes of Gordie Howe, Ted Lindsay, Sid Abel and Larry Aurie.
Today, more than 100 years after Adams first became involved with the NHL, they are still very much a part of the game. Because of their accomplishments as the Red Wings' coach, the NHL honors its best head coach with the Jack Adams Award every year. (That, and their former employers just drafted a forward with the same name, guaranteeing references to the former coach and GM for years to come.)
From humble beginnings in Fort William, Ontario—now part of Thunder Bay—Adams rose through the ranks of junior hockey, enjoyed a lengthy playing career in the NHL and the defunct Pacific Coast Hockey League (PCHL), started their post-playing career in Detroit and never looked back.
Jack Adams – Professional Hockey Career
Adams began their professional hockey career as a 22-year-old center with the Toronto Arenas back in 1917. Before long, Adams joined the Vancouver Millionaires of the PCHL where they really hit their stride as a player. In their second season out west, Adams registered 30 points in 24 contests. The next year, they matched that total but managed to score 26 goals. What constitutes an assist has changed over the years, so it's possible Adams recorded more than four assists that season by today's standards.
Following their impressive third year with the Millionaires, Adams headed back to Toronto to join the St. Patricks – derivative of the Arenas and the direct predecessor of the Maple Leafs. There, they continued to flourish as a point-per-game producer before ending their career as a member of the first installment of the Ottawa Senators for one season.
In their time as a professional hockey player, Adams won two Stanley Cups – one in their first season and the other in their last. They would add more later in their post-playing career.
Jack Adams – The Coach
Following their 1927 Stanley Cup win, Adams was hired to become the Detroit Cougars' coach and general manager. After changing their name to the Falcons in 1930, Adams' franchise was purchased by long-time owner James Norris in 1932 and became the Red Wings. With a new identity, success soon followed for Adams and the Red Wings.
In 1936 and 1937, Adams led the Red Wings to Stanley Cup victories over the Maple Leafs and New York Rangers, respectively. After losses in the Finals during the 1941 and 1942 playoffs, Adams earned their third Stanley Cup as a coach in 1943, guiding a talented squad which included Abel, Syd Howe (no relation to Mr. Hockey), Mud Bruneteau, Jack Stewart and Ebbie Goodfellow.
Following the 1946-47 season, Adams relinquished their coaching duties to Tommy Ivan so they could focus solely on their general manager duties. In their 20 seasons as coach, Adams accumulated 413 wins, 15 playoff appearances, seven Stanley Cup Finals appearances, and three championships. Only Mike Babcock has won more games with the organization (458) than Adams. Additionally, Detroit's' 35% rate of reaching the Stanley Cup Finals during Adams' tenure as coach was only topped by the Maple Leafs, who made 10 trips to the finals in those 20 years.
Calling the Shots
The Jack Adams legend that most Red Wings fans remember today stems from their time as the team's general manager. “Trader Jack” was known to flip players left and right in an attempt to bolster their roster. Some trades worked out, others flopped.
Adams was also known as a fierce negotiator when it came time to re-signing their players. Back then, there was no Collective Bargaining Agreement, player agents did not exist and players negotiated their own pay. Given these circumstances, Adams took full advantage of their position of power. According to long-time Red Wings columnist Bob Duff in their book, 100 Things Red Wings Fans Should Know & Do Before They Die, Adams would often play hardball when negotiating deals with players, with the ultimate goal of keeping the organization profitable.
In addition, Adams was aware of the influence they had over players. Duff noted that they would use scare tactics to get more out of players, such as carrying around bus tickets as a reminder that some were close to being sent down.
However, Adams was not always a monster. Like Scotty Bowman, they had their tough side, but also deeply cared for their players. In their book, Duff details stories of Adams giving Ted Lindsay tickets to Florida so they could kick a bad cold and letting Mud Bruneteau visit a dying family member during the stretch run. For as many tough love stories there are about Adams, there are just as many lesser-known tales of kindness.
After their infamous decision to trade Lindsay in 1957, the organization began to decline, resulting in Adams' firing in 1963. Heartbroken, Adams left the organization that followed their lead for 36 years.
Legacy & Award
As the NHL began to create individual awards based on seasonal performances, the choice was clear after whom the trophy for the best coach would be named. Adams had passed away a few years prior and the league felt it was right to honor the long-time coach because “his lifetime dedication to hockey has served as an inspiration to all who aspire to further the game.”
Starting in 1974, the NHL presents its best coach, as voted on by the NHL Broadcasters Association, with the Jack Adams Award at the conclusion of every season. Each winner was “adjudged to have contributed most to their team's success” by the voters. During their tenure in Detroit, Adams added their fair share of success, whether it was their in-game strategy, player motivation or other tactics.
John Tortorella took home the honors this past season after an inspiring campaign from their Columbus Blue Jackets. Legendary coaches Bowman, Al Arbour, Pat Burns, Red Berenson, and Joel Quenneville have all received the award. Each of these coaches have found ways to get the most out of their teams, regardless of the amount of skill their players had, just as Adams did nearly a century ago.
“The award is special and so was Adams. He's the only person to win the Stanley Cup as a player, coach and general manager,” said Red Wings radio play-by-play broadcaster and Jack Adams Award voter Ken Kal.
Adams had a great impact on the game, one that will last for generations.
Share Share +1 Shares 1
Vital Technology Group, the Wetherby-based provider of business IT services, has achieved ISO certifications which recognise its commitment and adoption of best practice in the fields of information security and quality management.
The two accreditations, ISO 27001 and ISO 9001, were awarded following a rigorous external audit and ensure that Vital's systems, processes and procedures meet the internationally recognised standards.
ISO 9001 is an international standard that helps to ensure that customers get consistent, good quality products and services; while ISO27001 relates to information security management systems.
The independent inspection examined the robustness of Vital's security controls, and the importance that it places on the protection of its customers' data.
Lee Evans, managing director of Vital Technology Group, said: These certifications recognise our commitment to quality management and information security best practices throughout our business. All of our clients, regardless of the sector that they operate in, are guaranteed the same level of customer service and security of the data that they entrust us with. We're very proud to have achieved this independent certification and to join the ranks of a select few. It is becoming increasingly vital for companies to manage and safeguard sensitive customer data. By achieving these certifications our clients can have confidence that there is a robust information security management system in place.
ISO is the International Organisation for Standardisation and is an international benchmark-setting body made up of representatives from various national standards establishment.
Founded in 1947, it promotes worldwide proprietary, industrial and commercial standards. With its headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland, it works in 162 countries.
Smoking is costing Hartlepool almost £23million a year, new figures have shown.
Data published in time for World No Tobacco Day by Action on Smoking Health shows that smoking costs the North East a massive £613.8million a year, with our town losing £22.7million to the burden placed on healthcare, productivity, social care, house fires and littering all because of smoking.
Smoking figures for Hartlepool.
The figures show the additional pressure that smoking is putting on hospitals and GP surgeries, with the NHS in Hartlepool down to the tune of £4.6million.
It is estimated that £14.3million is lost from the town's economy and social care for residents needing to be looked after due to smoking costs £3.4million.
Researches found that Cleveland Fire Brigade attend on average three smoking-related houses fires a year in the Hartlepool, which costs the £382,980.
The report also discovered that tobacco expenditure costs the town £7.8million, with its 14,273 smokers on average spending £2,050 a year on cigarettes.
Ailsa Rutter, director of Fresh.
Ailsa Rutter OBE, director of anti-smoking group Fresh, said: “We already know that smoking deprives people of many years of good health and robs families of years they could spend with loved ones.
“But these figures show the damage it does to communities, costing every individual, every family, every GP surgery, every council, business and hospital.
“It is also a major driver of poverty.
“We have seen the highest falls in smoking in England here in the North East and our local authorities deserve huge credit for working together to tackle this.
“However, smoking remains our largest cause of preventable death – the aim has to be to continue efforts to make smoking history for more children growing up here in the region.”
The Government's Tobacco Plan for England “Towards a Smokefree Generation” outlines the importance of the NHS supporting smokers using, visiting or working in the NHS to quit.
A 2016 audit by the British Thoracic Society found that more than one in four hospital patients were not asked if they smoke and 50% of frontline staff are not given routine smoking cessation training.
Given the enormous burden tobacco places on society, ASH and Fresh argue that the tobacco industry should be forced to pay to address the harm it causes in line with the ‘polluter pays' principle.
It is estimated that tobacco companies in the UK make a collective annual profit of around £1billion.
ASH and Fresh are now calling for the Government to place a levy on the tobacco industry with the money raised used to fund support for the recurring costs of tobacco control measures to reduce smoking prevalence, such as mass media campaigns, cessation services and local authority enforcement to prevent illicit trade and underage sales.
According to a JIT report Mashal Khan was proven innocent and the charge of blasphemy on them was baseless as the Joint Investigation Team did not find even a single piece of evidence in this regard. The report further states that Mashal Khan's murder was pre-planned and that the university management was involved in inciting the students against Mashal Khan. As per the report's findings the police did not perform their duty responsibly and made no concrete effort to save Mashal Khan from the mob, hence the role of the police should also be investigated. The JIT report also states that there is a culture of drugs and weapons in the university campus and there is news that even the female students have been exploited on many occasions. The report further states that the university management is incapable and is being hired on the basis of political connections.
This JIT report has actually proven the innocence of Mashal Khan who was lynched on the false allegation of blasphemy. One wish is that this report can heal the wounds of the parents who lost their son. The people who killed Mashal could only have given them one chance of proving their innocence. This JIT report is actually a charge sheet against each and every single one in society who supports the killing of people in the name of blasphemy and those who do not even give a chance to the accused to prove their innocence. To all those fanatics, Mashal is proven innocent, now bring them back to life which for sure no one among you can do.
Mashal Khan's mother told the media they were not even able to kiss their dead son's body as each and every bone was broken into pieces. This statement from Mashal's mother is actually a burden on our conscience, one too heavy to carry. If we cannot even bear the burden of their words how on earth will they be bear the loss of their young and innocent child? Mashal Khan's father is a picture of patience and bravery whenever they talk about their son, it melts my heart and for sure the hearts of millions who have children. The irony it is that Mashal's father is still pleading for justice and requesting the state to protect their remaining family as they have been continuously threatened by extremists, whereas on the other hand the people who lynched Mashal are enjoying full protocol and a luxurious lifestyle even behind bars and are in the safe custody of the law.
I am one hundred percent certain that millions of people who have somehow developed an extremist mindset will still doubt the JIT's findings and continue to declare their lynching justified, thus making the killers heroes. One wish is that these kinds of people could understand that God does not need anyone's protection nor is any holy personality or religion dependent on the extremists to protect them. People who kill others in the name of religion, God or holy personalities can actually be anything but human. And those who silently or openly support these brutal inhumane murders and hail the murderers as heroes are actually responsible for Mashal Khan's death, as when they encourage this barbaric act of killing other humans, being in the name of religion, actually give the message to the millions of brainwashed people that if you want to be called a hero and want to earn fame and money overnight kill someone who is under the accusation of blasphemy.
It happened before, in the case where Salmaan Taseer was killed by their guard on the charge of blasphemy which was never proven in any court of law. Their funeral was not even attended by the stalwarts of their party, contrary to that their murderer had the biggest of funerals in the country's history. The same was the case with Shahbaz Bhatti. This ideology of killing blasphemy suspects without any proof is present in every second house of the country and completely rejects logic and debate thus resulting in the murders of innocent people. This ideology does not understand a very simple fact that to show love and respect towards a religion or holy personalities one needs to follow their teachings rather than killing others. It actually takes everything to truly follow and practice the message of religion and holy personalities and takes nothing to kill an innocent in the name of protecting religion.
Look at the picture of Mashal Khan's father standing in front of their son's grave and giving a salute to him, and honestly tell the parents to raise their kids to bury them at that young age or to be lynched by a mob of zombies. To bury a young child is the heaviest of all grievances and Mashal Khan's father will carry the burden of this grief for the rest of their life. If we want to avoid this grief and pain then we need to teach our children that there is nothing good in killing others, there is no point in accusing others and killing them in the name of God. We need to tell them that a true hero is not the one who carries the gun and kills others but a hero is one who actually loves humanity and sacrifices everything to make sure their fellow human beings live in peace and harmony without the fear of being killed for a difference of opinion or belief.
If even after this incident we still somehow support or justify the killings of humans we should then expect to face this kind of incident in future as well. This time it was Mashal, someone else's child, but there is a possibility that it can be our own child in future. After reading the findings of the JIT it seems that Mashal is standing in front of me and with a taunting smile is saying that if a society does not respect a living human being then how can it respect a religion? This society badly needs a law about respecting humanity. To the soul of Mashal Khan and living children like him, this society is actually a graveyard of the living dead who are buried in the grave of ignorance and hatred and are not aware of the death of their collective intellectual and human values.
City approves 10-per-cent cap on tax hike for small businesses, Feb. 1
The current scandal of taxing small businesses in Toronto as though they were the huge condos that could be built on the sites highlights the stupidity of a municipal tax assessment system that uses theoretical market value assessment (MVA).
As administered by the Municipal Property Assessment Corporation (MPAC), it is variable, unpredictable, subjective, secretive and intrusive. Statistics Canada has called the system “regressive,” penalizing seniors and others with low and fixed incomes, some of whom are paying more than 10 per cent of family income on property taxes, compared to a Canadian average of about 2 per cent.
The worst feature of MVA is that there is no connection between the real or imaginary value of a property and the need for or use of local services. This bad system is made worse by the abusive application by MPAC, recorded by the ombudsman, and displayed during their intrusive and aggressive visits.
A better way to assess local taxation, more closely related to the use of local services, is to assess a property on the basis of area. This can be the area of usable space or the footprint, and could include the site area or some combination. This approach could restrict urban sprawl and provide predictability to a broken system.
Mark Dice
Mark Dice is an author and media analyst who exposes the liberal agenda, our celebrity obsessed culture, and the role mainstream media plays in shaping society. Their new book is THE ILLUMINATI IN HOLLYWOOD. Order it now on Amazon.com or download the e-book right now from Kindle, iBooks, Nook, or Google Play. They have been featured on the History Channel's Decoded, Ancient Aliens, and America's Book of Secrets; Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, Secret Societies of Hollywood on E! Channel, America Declassified on the Travel Channel, and is a frequent guest on Coast to Coast AM, The Alex Jones Show, and more.
On December 30, the Washington Post‘s “Health and Science” section (can we please stop mixing those two topics?) published a piece about dinosaurs and Ken Ham's Ark Park by Vicky Hallett, “Now there's a theory that dinosaurs were wiped out in Noah's flood.” While not endorsing that “theory,” Hallett, described as “a freelancer and former MisFits columnist,” says that the dinosaur/flood idea is both new and presented at the “Ark Encounter” theme park (my emphasis in the excerpt from Hallett's piece below):
Folks who identify as “creation scientists” have no problem with the notion that dinosaurs once roamed the Earth. They just think the beasts lived alongside humans on a planet that's only about 6,000 years old. Their extinction theory? The dinos were wiped out 4,000 years ago in the worldwide flood described in Genesis. This is the version of history on display at the Ark Encounter, a $100 million theme park in Williamstown, Ky., that features a reproduction of Noah's boat. And it's the subject of “We Believe in Dinosaurs,” an upcoming documentary that is fundraising through Indiegogo.
It goes on to describe the documentary movie (you might want to contribute to it, as it's nearing its funding goal), as well as some of the creationist responses to dinosaur fossils. But this very short article makes four errors:
1.) The Ark Park's dino notion (which Hallett misrepresents; see below) isn't a “theory”: it's a wild speculation completely unsupported by evidence. Hallett's title reinforces the view that an idea as stupid as dinos being wiped out by the Flood can be considered a “theory.” It isn't, and that plays into the public view that evolution is “only a theory.” It would be better if she'd used “notion” or “idea” rather than “theory.”
2). Ken Ham's view has never been that all the dinosaurs were wiped out by the Flood. The “version of history on display” at the Ark Encounter that Hallett mentions is not true. In fact, the Ark Park claims that some dinosaurs were actually taken onto the Ark and survived, later to live alongside humans. A PuffHo article says this:
Ham, a “young Earth” creationist, explained in a 2000 blog post exactly how massive dinosaurs could fit on the ship: “Although there are about 668 names of dinosaurs, there are perhaps only 55 different ‘kinds' of dinosaurs. Furthermore, not all dinosaurs were huge like the brachiosaurus, and even those dinosaurs on the Ark were probably ‘teenagers' or young adults.” Ham said the ark had 8,000 “animal genera” or about 16,000 in total, including some that are now extinct, like those dinosaurs.
“Without getting into all the math, the 16,000-plus animals would have occupied much less than half the space in the Ark (even allowing them some moving-around space),” they wrote.
Along with dinosaurs, NPR reported that there were other eyebrow-raising “animals” on display, including unicorns. That piece even shows several pictures of dinos on the Ark, including these two—pictures that completely invalidate Hallett's claim: And it's been the consistent position of Answers in Genesis (AIG), Ham's Organization, that some but not all dinosaurs (like all non-dino species, represented on the Ark only by “kinds”) were drowned in the Flood, but others survived (see this AIG post from 2007 and this one from 2013). The latter says this:
Or can the disappearance of dinosaurs be explained by some other catastrophe? Many dinosaurs died in the global Flood, but not all of them! Two of every kind of air-breathing, land-dwelling animal—and that includes dinosaurs—were on board Noah's Ark to ride out the Flood, so there were still dinosaurs on the earth after the Flood.
Ham then claims that the factors that drove the dinosaurs extinct after they left the Ark are those things that drive all species extinct, and that some dinosaurs lived until a few centuries ago. (Of course, in reality they're still with us in the form of birds!):
The global Flood not only changed earth's surface but also created conditions that produced the Ice Age and ultimately long term changes in climate patterns. All animals had to adjust to new conditions as they reproduced and repopulated the world. Historical accounts and artistic depictions produced in the four thousand plus years since the global Flood have shown that many people around the world have long been familiar with animals that looked like dinosaurs. Therefore it is probable that some kinds of dinosaurs, though rare, were still alive until several centuries ago. Dinosaurs faced the same sorts of challenges in the post-Flood world that endangered animals do today. In addition to adjusting to habitat changes, alterations in food availability, and competition from other animals, post-Flood dinosaur populations may have gradually succumbed to diseases or been hunted until their populations dwindled. So how did dinosaurs die? The same sorts of problems that drive today's animals to extinction took their toll on earth's remaining dinosaurs. But just as we don't need a cosmic culprit like a giant asteroid to explain the extinction of other animals, we don't need it to explain why we don't find dinosaurs in our zoos either.
“Wiped out” means “completely extinct,” “singing with the choir invisible,” or “bereft of life, they rested in peace.” Author Hallett errs in claiming that dinos differed from any other group of animals in their Flood and post-Flood fate.
3.) Other creationist organizations have said that dinos were driven extinct by the Flood, but that theory has been around for a long time (see here, here, and here, for instance). So the “theory” (rather, dumb hypothesis) that the dinos were “wiped out” is neither new nor Ken Ham's.
4.) Why was this article published given that it was both wrong and not newsworthy? The idea that dinos were either on the Ark or drowned in the Flood is bogus, and every thinking person knows that. There is no evidence for a worldwide flood in the last 10,000 years. Hallett doesn't really go after the idea very much, either, although statements by others in their article implies that it's scientifically questionable.
Yes, it's pretty bad journalism (and I'll put the link to this post in the 400+ comments after their piece). If you look at some of those comments, you'll either be heartened by those who defended evolution and criticized the religious claims (most comments), or disheartened by remarks like these:
ISLAMABAD - The four-day goodwill-cum-training visit of the Peoples Liberation Navy of China's Task Group to Pakistan concluded Wednesday with a Passage Exercise (PASSEX) conducted in the North Arabian Sea between the Pakistan Navy Flotilla and PLA (N) task group to enhance interoperability between two navies.
According to the Pakistan Navy spokesperson, during the exercise the platforms of both navies performed tactical maneuvers and boarding as well as Go Fast drills. Different serials of Air Defence exercise and Anti Ship Missile Defence Exercise were also concluded.
Three Chinese Navy warships CHANG CHUN, JING ZHOU and CHAO HU were part of this task group under the command of mission commander Rear Admiral Shen Hao, Deputy Commander East Sea Fleet.
During the stay at Karachi, the officers and men of the visiting ships held professional discussions and interactions with counterparts from Pakistan Navy on the subjects of mutual interests. Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Muhammad Zakaullah also visited PLA(N) ships and was accorded warm welcome upon arrival. The mission commander of Chinese Navy, Rear Admiral Shen Hao called on Senior Officials of Pakistan Navy and Civilian dignitaries.
In tandem, operational training activities, joint interactive sessions, table-top discussions on professional topics and social events were also arranged between the officers and men of two navies.
At the end of visit, a Passage Exercise (PASSEX) was conducted in the North Arabian Sea between Pakistan Navy Flotilla and PLA (N) task group to enhance interoperability between the two navies. During the exercise, the platforms of both navies performed tactical maneuvers and boarding as well as Go Fast drills. Different serials of Air Defence exercise and Anti Ship Missile Defence Exercise were also conducted.
The Visit of PLA (Navy) Task Group is expected to further strengthen the time-tested friendship of China and Pakistan besides enhancing mutual collaboration and cooperation between two navies.
OUR STAFF REPORTER
© AFP 2017/ TARIK TINAZAY
The Russian New Generation Warfare Handbook has recently emerged on the Internet; the US magazine National Interest described it as something that explains how the US Army should "defeat Russia's hybrid-warfare strategy."The authors of the handbook, published by the website publicintelligence.com earlier in September, said that it will be mainly centered on the so-called "Russian threat."The 68-page publication contains photographs and data on Russian equipment that could be used to conduct an asymmetric warfare and that could be involved in "Russian operations in Ukraine and Crimea," according to the National Interest's Michael Peck.The Russian newspaper Izvestia , in turn, reported that "the handbook in fact, specifically focusing on the 'hybrid war' that the Russian army is allegedly waging."The US military's interest was piqued by the 2014 military operation in Crimea, in which a number of "small special-operations troops" from Russia ostensibly took part.Peck, for their part, said that the handbook concludes thatHe quoted the handbook's authors as claiming that Russia allegedly used "the US approach, covering the battlefield with manned and unmanned sensor systems to detect enemy forces, which can then be destroyed by airpower and artillery."The authors also mentioned several "weaknesses" of the Russian Armed Forces which the US military could benefit from, according to Peck.In addition, the authors urged US forces drilling countering Russian electronic warfare systems, which they said "jam GPS and radios."A military conflict erupted in eastern Ukraine's Donbass region after Kiev launched a special operation in the region, following local residents' refusal to recognize the new coup-installed government.Residents of the Donetsk and Lugansk regions held independence referendums and proclaimed the People's Republics of Donetsk and Lugansk.In February 2015, the warring parties to the conflict signed the Minsk peace agreements , brokered by the Normandy Four states (Russia, France, Germany and Ukraine), in order to reach a ceasefire.The truce, however, has been repeatedly breached, with Kiev forces and Donbas militia accusing each other of violating it.The US and Kiev have repeatedly blamed Russia for being involved in the Ukraine conflict , with Moscow rejecting the allegations.
The new owner of Formula One, Liberty Media, is planning an extreme overhaul of the sport which could see each of its Grand Prix become “the equivalent of the Super Bowl. ”
The Financial Times received word from a senior executive involved in F1 that the company wants each Grand Prix to be transformed into a week-long festival aimed at engaging spectators and attracting sponsors.
Read Article
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year.
Rumor, the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year's show, had come close to simply hanging up their leash and retiring. Instead, they stormed back to win their category again this year — and then, to top it all off, beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday, as well.
The triumph makes them only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster's 141-year history. Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat.
Not only that, but as NPR's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month, Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year's dog show: cats. The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete.
Still, whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point. The dogs — big and small, noble and loony — are the main event.
So, without further throat-clearing, here's what you came for: A few of our very favorite images from the competition.
Happy Independence Day from your Lake Powell Life Family- 98.3FM/1340AM The Bandit and 93.3 JACK FM
Page 4th of July Events Schedule
BIG THANK YOU to AZ PYRO for tonight's big fireworks show in Page!
Please stay hydrated, remember to consider the fragile ears and tender skin of your children and pets, celebrate RESPONSIBLY, choose a DD and have a wonderful, safe holiday!
Valentine's Day may be a time of romantic love for many, but several Calgarians spent the day showing their “true patriot love.”
They were busy making the special Canada 150 flags in the Flagworks sewing room, their flags soon to fly from coast to coast as the country celebrates its 150th birthday.
Many of the Flagworks seamstresses are immigrants, proud to be playing an important role as their new country marks this major milestone.
“Oh, it's so great to me,” said Amy Esguerra, originally from the Philippines.
Sewing supervisor Kim Josan, who came here from India, loves the design of the Canada 150 flag.
“When you look at all the colours, you feel happy. It's beautiful.”
Josan is looking forward to taking part in community events surrounding Canada Day.
READ MORE: Edmonton, surrounding communities receive $3M in celebration of Canada's 150th birthday
“Everybody has games outside and barbecues,” they said. “We collect food for the food bank, too.”
Many of the sewing room workers say there's a lot to celebrate about life in Canada.
“It's really good to have a good life and freedom in Canada,” said Huong Ho, originally from Vietnam.
“Everybody lives together here, no discrimination, right? Everybody has the same rights,” Josan said. “Good jobs, good future for the kids, everything is good here.”
Out Front, Atlanta's new LGBTQetc. theater company, was preparing its upcoming production of Paul Rudnick's The Most Fabulous Story Ever Told when it began receiving messages and a petition from an organization called American Needs Fatima thundering that “this blasphemous play is a vile insult to the Mother of God!”
HAGUE: The International Criminal Court chief's prosecutor Wednesday called for the "immediate arrest and surrender" of Moamer Gadhafi's son Seif al-Islam, who was reportedly set free by a militia in Libya.
An arrest warrant issued by the Hague-based ICC against Seif in 2011 "remains valid and Libya is obliged to immediately arrest and surrender Mr Gaddafi... regardless of any purported amnesty law in Libya," Fatou Bensouda said.
Seif al-Islam, the second son and heir apparent of the late deposed Libyan dictator, was said to have been released on Friday by a militia that controls the town of Zintan in western Libya.
The group, which had held Seif al-Islam for more than five years, said they had been set free under an amnesty law promulgated by a parliament based in the country's east during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
But the prosecutor general's office in Tripoli, where a rival UN-backed administration is based, said the amnesty could not apply to Seif al-Islam because of the severity of their crimes, saying they were still wanted for a 2015 conviction.
Bensouda said the world war crimes court is now "verifying" Seif al-Islam's whereabouts.
They called on Libya, the UN Security Council and "all other relevant" countries "to provide my office with any relevant information in their possession."
The ICC also called for the arrest and surrender of Libya's former security chief Al-Tuhamy Mohamed Khaled, who is wanted on similar charges as Seif for their role in attempting to quash the 2011 revolt against slain strongman Kadhafi.
The ICC in April unveiled an arrest warrant for Khaled.
"It is imperative for both suspects to be apprehended and immediately surrendered to the custody of the ICC so that their guilt or innocence can be established...for justice to be done, and seen to be done," Bensouda said.
After seven months, the NCAA's Commission on College Basketball has completed its work and is ready to issue a report Wednesday on how to fix the sport.
Here's what happens next:
—Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present the commission's report to university presidents of the NCAA board of governors and Division I board of directors on Wednesday at NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis.
—The boards will convene after the presentation to consider adoption of all, parts or none of the commission's recommendations. Adoption is a small step toward implementation.
For a long time, religion has mainly been considered a political domain of the political conservatives.
Since the Russian Revolution in 1917 with communism and socialism in the Soviet Union, Eastern European countries and other states in Central Asian, and later also in China, religion was toned down; for politicians and party officials it was better to leave religion altogether, indeed in public.
In Latin America, where forty percent of the world's one million two hundred thousand Catholic Christians live, religion kept playing a major role in the second half of last century, and it is still important; many priests and other believers called themselves ‘Christian Socialists', fighting the many ultra conservative and dictatorial regimes that time.
Some of those regimes were supported by the USA, probably fearing for more countries joining Cuba's socialist system.
In Africa, religion was not stiffened, neither in the countries that were socialist-oriented and supported by the Soviet Union nor in those on the right, supported by the USA.
In Africa, almost half of the people are Muslims, mainly in the North and on the coasts of East and West Africa; in the rest of Africa, Christianity is the dominant religion, sometimes with traditional religions, and the Christians were often better educated than others at independence, mainly due to Christian missionaries focusing on education, social and health issues.
In Western Europe, religion, i.
e.
Christianity, has been on decline at least for the last two or three generations, yet, it is still an essential part of the superstructure of the countries, whether quite admitted or not.
There is however, separation between church and state, and the state is secular.
With immigration, Muslims and people belonging to other religions have come in relatively big numbers, and most of the newcomers are active in their faiths.
There are in the range of fifty million Muslims in Europe; some five to six percent of the total populations.
In North America, there are four and a half million Muslims; in Latin America, there about one million in total, with the largest numbers in Argentina, with eight hundred thousand, and Brazil, with two hundred thousand.
Yet, in spite of these numbers, the ‘new' religions play a limited role in politics in the Europe, except for in those countries they are in majority or very large.
In most of those countries, Islam is not a ‘new' but an ‘old' religion; Islam is significant in Kosovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Cyprus, and Montenegro, and Turkey, which in many ways is also a European country and a NATO member.
Georgia, Bulgaria and France have some eight to ten percent Muslims in their populations.
France has about half a million Jews, the highest number in a European country, but almost half of all Jews who live outside Israel, live in America, but are otherwise found in most countries of the world.
We talk about inclusion of immigrants in society in our time, and the West has been quite successful in general integrating of newcomers in multicultural societies, with clear shortcomings, too.
But there is little integration of the ‘new' religions, including Islam, in the West.
The newcomers attend political and other organisations, but religion is hardly included; it remains separate from the society.
Since religion plays a limited direct role in European politics, it is also difficult to see that the ‘new' religions can have any significant influence in society.
As for the leaders of the ‘new' religions, they can play a significant role in inter-religious forums, and Church leaders may also benefit from that in their work.
Together, all religious leaders and faith societies may play a more important role in future.
Most of the issues they would be concerned about as related to politics would be similar irrespective of religion and faith society.
They would be concerned about religion as an important sector in society, unrelated to politics.
I find it important to suggest that the religious leaders and the faith societies in Europe hasten to expand their work in these fields, and also that politicians give more attention to religion.
The ‘new' religions must demand space in their countries' institutions and organizations.
However, the ball is mainly in the court of the ‘old' religion, notably Christianity and its leaders; Christianity is and will remain the dominant religion in the Europe and America.
Again, the percentage of members of ‘new' faiths is limited, but the absolute numbers are not insignificant.
Besides, there can only be gains from inclusiveness.
It can be detrimental to all if religious groups, whole religions even, do not quite feel part of mainstream society, have a say, and can influence decisions.
If sidelined, some groups can use extreme methods to be heard and seen; some few may want to hurt mainstream society, which they feel have relegated them to lower status than others.
Today, I began my article with some sentences about politics and religion in the West; I noted that most politicians finding religion important in society have been conservatives.
But now it seems that liberals on the left have become more concerned about the importance of religion in society, not only in reducing its importance in the current secular Western thinking.
If this is right, Christianity may well see a revival and a renewal in the West in future.
That would also benefit Muslims and other ‘new' religions in the West; all religions would benefit from people giving greater importance to faith issues.
In a top article in New York Times for 10 June, it was noted that the many conservative Christians in America have become concerned about the fact that quite liberal moral values have been accepted by the majority of Americans, including Christian believers.
Yet, there are still significant conservative groups of Christians, the charismatic movement and the more fundamentalist and orthodox groups.
The more liberal groups focus on modernization of how we should understand the Bible, not only the Old Testament but also the New Testament about Jesus' life and teachings.
More and more believers will say that the dogma and the parables should be understood broadly to guide how Christians should everyday life, and what values and political opinions we should obtain and advocate.
The newspaper article says that the essential biblical imperatives are: “caring for the poor, welcoming strangers, and protecting the earth”.
From there, it follows that we must take certain social and political actions, most of which would be on the left of the political divide, not on the right.
But in the past, it was the right that felt religion was important while the left did not – until now, that is, perhaps, as I mentioned above, with reference to The New York Times.
I believe that in the West, there is an understanding among many political leaders, and ordinary voters, that religion still has a place in society, as a personal faith and as a foundation of social and political thinking.
That does not mean that the secular Western countries will not maintain separation between state and religion, but it would mean that the religious dimension will be talked more about in public, even politicians' personal faith, but more the role of religion in society with its different faith associations.
The consequences of the religious imperatives that I quoted above will become political issues, too.
If our holy books say that we must care for the poor, welcome strangers and protect the earth, then all of us, Christians, Muslims and believers in other faiths must be concerned about those issues in our everyday lives and in politics.
The concern is as much for Christians as for Muslims, as members of other faiths; the fight for social justice is universal to all religions.
In Muslim communities, we specifically reflect and act upon these issue now during the holy month of Ramadan and at the Eid-ul-Fitr celebrations.
The writer is a senior Norwegian social scientist with experience in research, diplomacy and development aid.
atlehetland@yahoo.
com
On Tuesday morning, the first made-in-Alberta satellite will be launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida. AlbertaSat is one of the first Canadian university teams to put a cube satellite into space.
“The launch of AlbertaSat will represent the first-ever made-in-Alberta satellite, the first time a spacecraft has been built in the province of Alberta by anybody,” University of Alberta physics professor Ian Mann said.
“We are going to be one of the first Canadian university student teams to put a cube satellite into space,” team member Charles Nokes added.
There are more than 50 undergraduates, graduates and faculty members on the team. They spent seven years working on the Ex-Alta 1 satellite project.
The satellite itself is roughly the size of a loaf of bread.
“The primary purpose of the satellite is to study the effects of interactions between the energy of the sun and the Earth's magnetic field and the region surrounding the Earth at around 400 kilometres in altitude and lower,” Nokes explained.
READ MORE: Satellite to launch into orbit a quantum leap in weather forecasting
“Say an event such as a solar storm or a coronal mass ejection — a very large one — came and interacted with the Earth,” Nokes said. “With today's infrastructure and today's dependence on electronics and the electrical grid, what would be the impact?
“They found the impact in the United States would be in the order of $1-2 trillion, and up to 10 years to recover from.”
The project could provide insight on ways to better design equipment on the ground to avoid the massive impact of a big solar event.
It will be launched at 11:11 a.m. EDT on April 18 on an Atlas V rocket from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The cube satellite will stop briefly at the International Space Station before making its final trip into low Earth orbit to begin monitoring space weather.
The launch will be streamed on NASA Live.
READ MORE: Indian rocket launches 2 small Canadian satellites
Ex-Alta 1 was funded through support from more than 600 crowd-funded donors and the Canadian Space Agency (as well as the EU's Seventh Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development).
It is part of the international QB50 project, which involves cube satellites designed and built at universities around the world, representing 15 countries from five continents. The cube satellites carry complementary science payloads that will study space weather and the lower thermosphere for a period of nine to 18 months.
By Annie Reuter
The Eagles have announced four new concert dates. The lineup for the short run will feature Don Henley, Joe Walsh and Timothy B. Schmit with Frey's son, Deacon, and Vince Gill filling in for the late Glenn Frey.
Related: Vince Gill to Join Eagles for Classic East and West Shows
An Evening with the Eagles will stop at the Greensboro Coliseum in North Carolina on October 17 followed by a show a Philips Arena in Atlanta, Georgia. on October 20. The band will return to Louisville, Kentucky on October 24 at KFC Yum! Center before traveling to the late Glenn Frey's hometown of Detroit, Michigan on October 27 to wrap up the run at Little Caesars Arena.
Tickets for the four new dates go on sale at Saturday (Aug. 19) at 10 am. An American Express card member pre-sale starts on Tuesday while VIP packages will be available through Eagles.com.
The four new tour dates follow the success of the band's Classic West and East shows, earlier this summer. Deacon and Gill also played with the band for those shows.
“Bringing Deacon in was my idea,” Don Henley told the LA Times. “I think of the guild system, which in both Eastern and Western cultures is a centuries-old tradition of the father passing down the trade to their son, and to me, that makes perfect moral and ethical sense. The primary thing is I think Glenn would be good with it—with both of these guys. I think he'd go, ‘That's the perfect way to do this.'”
An E-Edition subscription is required to view and/or download the full weekly paper.
Already subscribed? LOG IN HERE
Not yet subscribed? VIEW THE OPTIONS BELOW. (Why should I get an on-line subscription?)
Need to renew your subscription? Just click on one of the payment options below, and your account will be automatically re-instated.
Three Membership options are available, and at discounted rates for our valued on-line subscribers. Choose an option below (you can pay with either your credit card or a Paypal account), then create your account to sign in and view all on-line Clark County Courier editions! (More directions on how to register.)
12-Month On-line Edition Access
$37
6-Month E-Edition Access
$24
3-Month E-Edition Access
$17
*Tax is included in the purchase price.
People stand in front of a shop's advertisement board at a shopping district in Tokyo, Japan August 14, 2017.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's economy grew in the second quarter at the fastest pace in more than two years as consumer spending and capital expenditure both rose at the fastest in more than three years, highlighting stronger domestic demand.
Gross domestic product expanded an annualized 4.0 percent in April-June, government data showed, more than the median estimate for 2.5 percent annualized growth and the biggest increase since January-March 2015.
Compared to the previous quarter, the economy expanded 1.0 percent, versus the median estimate for 0.6 percent growth.
Annualized GDP for previous quarter was revised to a 1.5 percent increase, while quarterly real (inflation adjusted) GDP was revised up to 0.4 percent growth from a 0.3 percent increase.
Economic growth is expected to continue in coming quarters, offering the Bank of Japan (BOJ) the hope that a tight labor market is finally starting to boost consumer spending, which in turn makes it easier to generate sustained inflation.
"The engines of consumer spending and capital expenditure both fired well in the second quarter, and that's why domestic demand was so strong," said Hidenobu Tokuda, senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute.
"The pace of growth may moderate slightly, but we are still in recovery mode. This is a positive development for inflation."
The economy grew for six straight quarters in April-June. The last time the economy had a run of six consecutive quarters of growth was January-March 2005 through April-June 2006.
Private consumption, which accounts for about two-thirds of GDP, rose 0.9 percent from the previous quarter, more than the median estimate of 0.5 percent growth.
People walk on a crosswalk at a shopping district in Tokyo, Japan August 14, 2017. Kim Kyung-Hoon
That marked the fastest expansion in more than three years as shoppers splashed out on durable goods such as cars and home appliances. Consumers also spent more money on dining out, the data showed. These are all encouraging sign that consumer spending is no longer the weak spot in Japan's economic outlook.
Capital expenditure jumped by 2.4 percent in April-June from the previous quarter, doubling the median estimate for a 1.2 percent increase. That was the fastest growth in business investment since January-March 2014 as companies spent more on software and construction equipment.
Japanese Economy Minister Toshimitsu Motegi was more cautious on the outlook for domestic demand and pledged to implement more policies to strengthen the economy.
Slideshow (2 Images)
"If you ask me whether private consumption has fully recovered, I would say it still lacks strength in some areas, which will need to be followed with policy," Motegi told reporters.
"We'll make sure that the domestic demand-led recovery continues. What is needed is supply-side reform. We'll focus our efforts on human resource investment, improvement in productivity, and new growth strategies."
While growth was faster than expected, it is not expected to nudge the Bank of Japan into dismantling its massive stimulus program any time soon, as inflation remains stubbornly weak.
External demand subtracted 0.3 percentage point from GDP growth in April-June in part due to an increase in imports. This is notable because Japan usually relies on exports to drive growth.
Since launching quantitative easing in April 2013, the BOJ has pushed back the timing for reaching its 2 percent inflation target six times in part due to weak consumer spending.
The GDP data for April-June show private consumption is finally starting to move in the direction that the BOJ and other government ministers have long predicted.
ISS Expedition 50 came to a end for Commander Shane Kimbrough of NASA and Flight Engineers Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of the Russian space agency Roscosmos as they returned to Earth on Monday, April 10, 2017 landing in the remote town of Dzhezkazgan in Kazakhstan.
Craig Harrison feels their Hartlepool United drive is gathering momentum.
The boss has clinched what they feel are five key signings for a promotion push from the National League, with attacking midfielder Ryan Donaldson their newest addition.
We've brought in five very good players and that creates a positive mood squad-wise CRAIG HARRISON
And Harrison sealed another vital piece of their Pools jigsaw yesterday by getting experienced defender Carl Magnay to extend their stay at Victoria Park.
“I do feel the momentum is building,” they said. “When you have a huge positive movement, it is a really powerful tool.
“There was a long period between Hartlepool's relegation and the club appointing a manager.
“It created a void when nothing happened, so, after I came in, it was important that we got to work quickly.
“We've brought in five very good players and that creates a positive mood squad-wise for the start of pre-season and then it's down to us to create a positive scenario for the fans for the start of the season.”
The capture of Donaldson on a free transfer looks an outstanding piece of work by the 39-year-old.
Ex-Newcastle forward Donaldson was snapped up following their release by Plymouth Argyle, whom they helped to promotion to League One last season, making 33 appearances and scoring five goals.
But it is their record in the National League which produces perhaps the most pertinent stats.
They scored eight goals at Gateshead in their season at the International Stadium, following their departure from their beloved Magpies, earning them a move to Conference rivals Cambridge United.
Donaldson inspired the U's to clinch promotion in 2014, ironically against their former club in the play-off final at Wembley, where their goal sealed victory.
“He has played well for teams who have gone up, not just their time at Cambridge, but he's just won promotion from League Two with Plymouth,” said Harrison.
“Ryan knows what it takes to win and having someone with that winning mentality at the club is fantastic.
“He is still only 26 and I think their best years are still in front of him.
“We've done well to a get a player in who is coming into their prime years.”
All five of the Harrison quintet have experience in the National League. Keeper Scott Loach spent a loan stint at York last season, midfielder Luke George skippered both Southport and Chester in the division, attacker Jack Munns won the NL title with Cheltenham and forward Jake Cassidy scored eight goals for Guiseley.
“Ryan is another attacking option we've got, along with Jack and Jake,” said the former TNS manager who told SportMail of their desire to make two further permanent acquisitions.
“Luke is a bit of a destroyer and we signed Scott in goal, so we have got a good balance of signings so far.
“We are looking to bring two more in, definitely one, ahead of the start of pre-season on the 26th.
“I'm delighted Carl has put pen to paper and I'm hoping Rhys Oates and Brad Walker will re-sign.
“Carl has lots of experience of what is needed in this league so them staying was fantastic for the club.”
Spartanburg-based Milliken & Co. announced Thursday it has acquired the assets of Keystone Aniline Corp.
Keystone, headquartered in Chicago, produces dyes, pigments, pigment dispersions, and polymers for a variety of industries.
Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Milliken spokesperson Courtney Edwards said the acquisition will not result in layoffs or facility closures.
Actor Johnny Depp sure knows how to play to the crowd.
Depp, in Vancouver to film their new movie Richard Says Goodbye , said hello to numerous kids at B.C. Children's Hospital on Monday dressed up as Captain Jack Sparrow, the character they play in the Pirates of the Caribbean films.
They were reportedly there for a number of hours, going from room to room in their pirate paraphernalia and brightening the day for the pint-sized patients.
"He was never Johnny Depp, they were always Jack Sparrow," a hospital employee told Global BC.
#JohnnyDepp at the British Columbia Children's Hospital in Vancouver. 🌟️ (via IG katgootmusic) pic.twitter.com/5fqkUj7STq — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
Some pictures of this beautiful man making kids happy 💖🙏 pic.twitter.com/Vf8RaENYsg — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
#JohnnyDepp is the sweetest person in the world 💙 I'm really proud of them 🙏🌟 pic.twitter.com/2acOfYxyet — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
And this isn't the only time of late that Depp dropped into a local institution and greeted their fans. They were at Vancouver's Blackbird Public House on July 25, where their latest project was being filmed, and mingled with several excited Vancouverites.
mraptis@postmedia.com
twitter.com/mike_raptis
A group of people who've been living out of tents on the lawn of a West Broadway church are moving on.
They've been asked to pack their belongings and leave by 2 p.m. Wednesday.
People living outside All Saints Church on Broadway are packing up ahead of the 2 p.m. deadline to leave. Reverend Neumann says he's optimistic everyone will move out by this afternoon – and says they hope they don't have to call the cops to provide a little extra encouragement. — Diana Foxall (@CJOBdiana) May 30, 2018
The tent city popped at All Saints' Anglican Church on Broadway Street last month.
READ: Homeless seek safety on All Saints Anglican Church Grounds
At the time Reverend Brent Neumann said there were between 35-40 people camped out, some are homeless or struggling with mental health issues and drug addiction.
“What we've seen is not only an escalation of people who are needing to have a place to stay, but they are also indicating that they've become high risk in other areas,” Neumann said May 17.
With a wedding scheduled Saturday the church decided this week the campers had to go.
Terry Johnsen was packing up their belongings Wednesday and told Global News they aren't sure where they were going to.
“We'll see what everyone else is doing,” Johnson said.
All Saints' said the eviction isn't permanent, that the campers can return after this weekend, but also said in the future they would only be allowed to stay overnight. Tents would have to come down during the day.
‘Ducks Drill Down' is a regular, ~weekly column that recaps the latest goings-on with the Anaheim Ducks.
After their first-ever game in Las Vegas, the Anaheim Ducks returned home from their five-game road trip. While their three games last week were bookended by shootout and overtime losses, a solid 3-0 victory over the slumping Ottawa Senators in between allowed them to pick up four of a possible six points during the week. A clean sweep and a reversal of their overtime struggles would have been nice, but the Ducks will take the points.
The better news is that they are slowly getting closer to icing an optimal lineup (Patrick Eaves' indefinite absence notwithstanding), as their top two centers, Ryan Getzlaf and Ryan Kesler, both practiced last week.
Getzlaf, Silfverberg, & Kesler Nearing Returns
Getzlaf, recovering from a fractured cheekbone that has kept them out of action since Oct. 29 in Carolina, is further along than Kesler, as projected. Their return could coincide with that of winger Jakob Silfverberg, who has not played since Nov. 29 in St. Louis after sustaining an upper-body injury. Interestingly enough for the veteran Getzlaf, who will finally be wearing a face shield, their first game back could be against none other than Carolina on Monday night. Hopefully they will last longer than they did against the Hurricanes on Oct. 29, when a puck hit them in the face and caused the fracture before the game was a minute old.
Signs are pointing toward Ryan Getzlaf and Jakob Silfverberg being with Ducks for Monday's game against Carolina. Top six in practice was Rakell-Getzlaf-Perry and Cogliano-Henrique-Silfverberg. — Eric Stephens (@icemancometh) December 9, 2017
Now that actually looks like a formidable top six, especially with Henrique solidifying things down the middle. It's a refreshing change for the Ducks, who have stumbled through this season held loosely together by Scotch tape and somehow managed a just-above .500 record at 12-11-7. Having some more depth up front will help assuage the blue line's depletion after Sami Vatanen's departure and the latest injury to defenseman Hampus Lindholm, who is on injured reserve and does not appear to be too close to returning.
Regarding Henrique, they have paid immediate dividends after coming over from the New Jersey Devils in exchange for Vatanen. In just five games with the Ducks, the 27-year-old has picked up six points (three goals and three assists) while recording at least one point in every contest.
“I've felt good on the ice, which I think has been the most important thing for me,” Henrique said after notching two goals against the Senators on Dec. 6. “Adjusting to new systems, the new language, kind of all that. Getting on the same page with new linemates. So I think that's been the biggest thing for me. And I felt good. “Obviously the points are a nice touch.”
Kesler's eventual return will present the Ducks with a deep center corps. Henrique could slide down to the third line, giving Anaheim scoring punch in the bottom six and thereby creating matchup problems for opponents. Faceoff specialist Antoine Vermette would serve as a quality fourth-line pivot.
Coming off offseason hip surgery and needing to adjust their skating to mitigate the stress placed on their lower body in their immediate return means Kesler will still need a bit more time. Their return date is not certain, but their presence at practice is obviously a great sign, and perhaps points to general manager Bob Murray's pre-Christmastime estimate as being not too far off.
Points Amidst Overtime Struggles
As the Ducks look forward to the returns of some of their key players, they continue to keep their heads above water in the standings. Taking four of six points is unquestionably a net positive, though Anaheim's inability to put games away or gain the extra overtime point has to leave a somewhat sour taste.
The Ducks are just 2-7 in games decided beyond regulation, including a mark of 0-3 in the five-minute 3-on-3 overtime session. Against the Golden Knights last Tuesday, they held a 3-2 lead in the third period before yielding the tying marker with just 4:22 to go. They would go on to lose in a shootout.
After shutting out Ottawa, they fell in the overtime session to the Minnesota Wild. It was a different scenario, as Henrique tied the game at 2 for Anaheim with 6:25 left in regulation. So in that sense, the Ducks had to be happy to get the game to overtime. However, they let another chance for an extra point slip away when Minnesota's Matt Dumba walked in alone to the front of the net before depositing the game-winning goal.
As good as it is for the Ducks to be getting something out of these games where they are icing a suboptimal lineup, they need to eventually start picking up the extra point when they have the opportunity, as a playoff berth could very well come down to the slimmest of margins.
Looking Ahead
After Monday's home tilt against the Hurricanes (and the potential returns of Getzlaf and Silfverberg), the Ducks will head out for another long road trip as their home-heavy schedule from the early part of the season starts to come back into balance. They'll be in St. Louis again on Thursday before playing the Capitals in Washington, D.C. on Saturday.
Beyond that, they'll round out the six-game trip the following week with four games against Metropolitan Division foes (the New Jersey Devils, New York Rangers, New York Islanders, and defending-champion Pittsburgh Penguins). It's a tough stretch, but the Ducks should be better equipped to handle it from a lineup standpoint.
Houston Astros starting pitcher Dallas Keuchel (60) hands the ball to manager AJ Hinch as they leaf during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in New York. Frank Franklin II AP Photo
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Industrial hemp farms, like this one in Eaton, New York, are likely to become much more common in Pennsylvania as the state expands a research program and begins to study potential markets.(Associated Press File)
Enthusiasm for industrial-scale hemp production in Pennsylvania has grown, well, like a weed.
On Wednesday, Gov. Tom Wolf announced that the state government significantly will expand opportunities for hemp production and research. This year growers produced state-permitted hemp crops on just 50 acres statewide; in 2018 the state will issue permits for production on up to 5,000 acres.
Hemp has at least 25,000 uses, as noted by the state Department of Agriculture. It is relatively easy to grow and adaptable to many different climate and soil conditions. That's why it was a mainstay crop around the world for thousands of years, and for all of U.S. history until 1937. Then, the federal government outlawed marijuana and hemp along with it, even though hemp contains only trace amounts of tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, the psychoactive chemical agent in marijuana.
The 2014 federal farm bill authorized renewed limited hemp production under state regulation and Wolf signed the Industrial Hemp Research Act in 2016. It allows academic researchers or private growers contracted by the Department of Agriculture to apply for permits to grow hemp for research purposes. Last year the state issued 14 permits for no more than 5 acres each; next year it will make available 100 permits covering up to 50 acres each.
According to Agriculture Secretary Russell Redding, the 14 projects produced valuable technical data on everything from seed-sourcing to harvesting. They said that all 14 producers will seek new permits.
In colonial times Pennsylvania produced large hemp crops. The material was used for products ranging from clothing to paper to sails.
Today, the potential product list includes fiber, but it also can be used for biofuels, biomass energy generation, animal feed and cholesterol-reducing medicine, among many others.
As the state expands the research program, it should start identifying and building markets so that hemp once again can be a highly valuable component of the agricultural economy.
One of the last things that Michael Garland Elliott ever heard was that U.S. President Donald Trump had been impeached.
They hadn't. But just hearing it was enough for Elliott to take a “final, gentle breath,” and for their earthly work to be concluded, said an obituary published in The Oregonian newspaper.
Elliott died on April 6, “surrounded by people who loved them dearly and cared for them selflessly during the last months of their life.”
Their age was uncertain — they aren't entirely sure which year they were born in.
Michael had no family left, but they were survived by Teresa Elliott, their ex-wife and best friend, the obituary said.
“Though their marriage ran aground, their friendship only grew stronger and theirs was the last voice Mike heard.”
READ MORE: Woman pens funny obit for grandmother, just as they would have wanted it
Teresa was the one who told Michael that Trump was impeached, The New York Daily News reported.
“I knew that would bring them comfort and it did,” they told the newspaper.
Michael was a “news junkie” who “hated [Trump's] effing guts,” Teresa said. And they conveyed their dislike for the president until they aren't able to do it anymore.
But there was more to them than a distaste for Trump.
Michael was also a golf enthusiast who was a founding member of Portland's The Reserve golf club.
They were once so frustrated by a shot that they threw every one of the clubs in their bag at a tree.
Then, when their health declined and they couldn't play golf anymore, they “threw things at the TV instead,” the obituary read.
READ MORE: ‘I think I was a pretty nice guy': Cape Breton man writes their own blunt obit
Michael isn't the only person who referenced the 2016 election in their obituary.
Mary Anne Noland died last year at the age of 68.
Them obituary opened as follows:
“Faced with the prospect of voting for either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton, Mary Anne Noland of Richmond chose, instead, to pass into the eternal love of God.”
Jim Noland, Mary Anne's husband of 46 years, said one of their sons penned the line as a way of carrying on their sense of humour, they told NBC 12.
It's not easy being Montreal Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin.
Granted, that's if you take away the huge salary and one of the most sought-after jobs in hockey, but that's unfortunately the point: If you look at the on-ice product, he's not doing their job, not well anyway.
Out of Bergevin's Control?
Nothing is going right for the guy, to the point that even the things out of their control, like the salary cap, seem to be blowing up in theirs face. For example, if reports the cap could increase to up to $82 million for the 2018-19 season are true, it won't matter how confident owner Geoff Molson is in the team's embarrassing cap situation.
Currently boasting the eighth-lowest overall hit in the league, the supposed-cap-team Canadiens might have been hoping that the space they have currently would end up paying dividends this summer. Maybe they have their eyes on John Tavares, for example (they allegedly do). However, the higher the cap goes up, the more space every other team will have too. So, if you're Tavares, do you go with the Canadiens offering you as much money as they absolutely can, or a team that is closer to a championship that can offer you the exact same amount?
There comes a point where cap space is like water. The more you have, the less valuable it becomes. For the Habs, that point came, oh, around a few games into the season, once it became clear they could not compete as a budget team. And now they're drowning in it.
In Fairness to Bergevin
To be fair, Bergevin has abstained from making moves out of desperation to eat up the cap space they do have. To be just as fair, failing to re-sign Andrei Markov this summer was a giant miscalculation, one made disrespectfully according to reports.
Signing Markov, even for one year, would have filled up the No. 2 spot on the team's woefully undermanned defense. Instead, Bergevin opted to stick to their guns and not give in to the 39-year-old's admittedly high demands, disregarding their undeniable value to the team the previous season. They instead went with the now-40-year-old Mark Streit on the cheap, disregarding their lack of value down the stretch to the Stanley Cup-champion Pittsburgh Penguins. It didn't work out so hot.
It's quasi-admirable that Bergevin wanted to maintain some semblance of a pay structure by not setting a precedent and giving too much to a defenseman hypothetically on the verge of retiring. Three things wrong with that strategy, though:
You had (have) the cap space to sign them and then some. There's no point saving space for a rainy day, if they're all rainy, at which point there won't be much you can do to use it up at the trade deadline. Bergevin's pay structure went up in smoke the second they decided to trade two 2016 second-round picks for Andrew Shaw and sign them to more money than Brendan Gallagher.
Even if you want to argue the Habs couldn't have made use of the likes of Alex DeBrincat (21 points in 30 games this season) and Chad Krys (or, alternatively, Samuel Girard), Bergevin also blew their pay structure out the window with the Jonathan Drouin signing.
Drouin vs. Sergachev
Instead of signing Drouin to a bridge deal like they did P.K. Subban and Alex Galchenyuk out of their entry-level deals, Bergevin showed them the money right away. Admittedly, Drouin's six-year, $33 million deal is decent value. It looks bad only when you consider Bergevin had to give up defenseman Mikhail Sergachev to acquire him.
Not only would Markov have helped to bring Sergachev along this season and groom them to take over that No. 2 spot beside Shea Weber, but Sergachev currently has more points than any Habs defenseman… bar none. In fact, Sergachev has more points than any Habs player (20 compared to Gallagher's 19).
You can definitely argue it's an unfair comparison, because Sergachev probably wouldn't have nearly as many points as a Canadien, just as Drouin would probably have more as a member of the Atlantic Division-leading Tampa Bay Lightning.
The Price Is Wrong
However, the Canadiens were meant to contend this year and be one of the top teams in the entire league, before Carey Price's new, cap-space-crippling extension kicks in next season to the tune of $10.5 million per. It's only logical that the more money you give one player, the less you'll have to build around him.
Of course, maybe that's a moot point now, not just because of the excess space the Habs have, but also the horrible season Price is putting together (8-9-2 with a 3.16 goals-against average and .899 save percentage). With Price getting older, and the Habs committed to them financially over the next nine seasons, up until he's 39, it's looking increasingly unlikely that the Habs can compete over that same time span.
At least the deal is not as long as Weber's, which will pay them an average of $7.86 million until 2026, which is ironic. That trade is arguably the point at which Bergevin's tenure went to hell, but Weber is really the only recent major acquisition/ signing of theirs that has come as advertised.
If you look at how the trade is working out for the Nashville Predators in comparison though, it doesn't really matter how great Weber is playing. The Predators are coming off a Stanley Cup appearance, with Subban playing a starring shutdown role all the while (in spite of all the ill-informed shade thrown their way with regard to their defensive play).
Subban remains one of the key cogs on a legitimate Cup contender this season. It's easy to look at the Predators and wonder what might have been for the Habs. I mean, it's probably hard for Bergevin, but, again, everything seems to be these days.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 0:58 Two students shot inside California middle school Pause 1:02 Victim's father tries to attack Larry Nassar in court 0:42 See the beautiful, massive super blue blood moon set over Shell Beach 0:35 'Super blue blood moon eclipse' over Charlotte 4:38 Explorer 1: How America's first satellite helped create NASA 0:39 One dead after Amtrak train carrying GOP members collides with truck 0:28 Woman tries to board United flight with peacock as comfort animal 0:15 Timelapse shows supermoon rising behind Bank of America tower in Charlotte 0:35 Watch police cruiser erupt in flames 1:01 NASA explains the rare lunar trifecta coming January 31: the 'Super Blue Blood Moon' Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
On the second day of disgraced ex-sports doctor Larry Nassar's final sentencing hearing the father of three victims, Randall Margraves, tried to attack Nassar. The man charged across the room but was quickly tackled by bailiffs and lead from the courtroom. This hearing focuses on Nassar's work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. More than 30 victims have given statements so far. During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward. Pool via AP
On the second day of disgraced ex-sports doctor Larry Nassar's final sentencing hearing the father of three victims, Randall Margraves, tried to attack Nassar. The man charged across the room but was quickly tackled by bailiffs and lead from the courtroom. This hearing focuses on Nassar's work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. More than 30 victims have given statements so far. During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward. Pool via AP
SUDBURY, Ont. – Police say a drug seizure in northern Ontario resulted in the arrest of a man suspected of murder in Belize, as well as other crimes in Toronto.
The Greater Sudbury Police Service says the man was arrested on Friday as part of a drug bust at a local home.
A check on the man's identity, which was not released, found they were wanted for a number of alleged crimes further afield.
They say he's wanted in Belize on one count of first-degree murder, but did not provide details of the case.
In Toronto, police had a warrant out for their arrest on several charges including robbery with a firearm, extortion and theft under $5,000.
Sudbury police say they will answer to local drug charges, travel to Toronto to face charges there, then be extradited to Belize.
SAN DIEGO -- Generation Next Franchise Brands said it has appointed San Diego-based D&K Engineering the exclusive contract manufacturer for its Reis & Irvy's frozen yogurt vending machine and other robotic retailing concepts. Last year, Generation Next partnered with San Antonio, TX-based Lancer Corp. to begin the initial redevelopment and finalization of its Reis & Irvy's prototypes.
D&K is expected to apply its design and manufacturing expertise to ensure that Generation Next's fro-yo machines meet regulatory standards, facilitate service and maintenance, and operate on a network. The machines will incorporate an intuitive user interface, inclusive payment systems and data security systems.
D&K Engineering specializes in manufacturing specialty machines and kiosks. Its clients include ecoATM-Gazelle, minuteKEY and Vengo. It's also designed and manufactured medical and life science, printing and microfluidics consumer, industrial and commercial products.
"The core identity of D&K is obsessed with overcoming challenging technical issues and delivering robust, lasting business solutions," said Generation Next chairperson Nick Yates. They added that D&K's proximity to Generation Next's San Diego headquarters will allow the company to invite stakeholders to combine visits to both facilities in the same trip.
D&K Engineering also has plants in Singapore and Malaysia that offer a top-tier global supply chain, complementary alliances and partners to assist Generation Next's recently launched international license and distribution program.
"Having the ability to manufacture and ship equipment from Asia, as we begin entering into agreements with partners around the globe offers us a more cost-efficient approach to global expansion," Yates said. "We have plans to teach partners around the world how to replicate our model and support them across all levels of operations, sales and marketing."
At the conclusion of a local formation flight, the flight of weight-shift-control aircraft returned to their home airport in Eustis, Florida, and entered the traffic pattern.
During the landing flare, the Storm pilot encountered the “prop wash” of the preceding aircraft, which resulted in their aircraft entering an uncommanded right bank.
They attempted to counteract the turn by applying a left banking control input, but the left main landing gear and nose landing gear hit the ground, and further aggravated the turn.
The nose landing gear then collapsed and dug into the soft turf runway, and the aircraft overturned to the right, where it came to rest on its right side.
Examination of the wreckage by an FAA inspector revealed that the airframe had been substantially damaged during the accident.
When asked how the accident might have been prevented, the pilot stated, “…I could have performed (possibly) a go-around.”
The NTSB determined the probable cause as the pilot's failure to maintain adequate spacing from the preceding aircraft during a formation landing, resulting in an inadvertent “prop wash” encounter, loss of control, and impact with terrain.
NTSB Identification: ERA15CA118
This January 2015 accident report is provided by the National Transportation Safety Board. Published as an educational tool, it is intended to help pilots learn from the misfortunes of others.
KARACHI - Pakistan's largest science exhibition Magnifi-Science 2017, organised by the Dawood Foundation (TDF)” started on Friday with a massive attendance of students, teachers, families and individuals from various cities of Sindh.
The Dawood Foundation's 2nd Magnifi-science exhibition is a collaborated effort of some of Pakistan's leading corporations and public sector organisations along with academia, entrepreneurs and specialists in various science fields to promote the culture of science, technology and critical thinking in the country.
TDF's Magnifi-Science exhibition 2017 is divided in to four themes, basic Science, Science of Technology, Earth Science and Health Science, each theme has various activities planned around its subject such as, interactive sessions, exhibits, educational games, talks by specialists and showcasing of different innovative models made by participating organizations and institutions.
The exhibition attracted attendees from all walks of life including politicians, educationists, specialist's entrepreneurs, science clubs, environmentalists, school students and many others. This exhibition got them together on a single platform to talk and explore about the many marvels of science and think about innovative ways to overcome some of the problems faced by the country.
Speaking on the event, CEO TDF Sabrina Dawood said “It has become important for us, as a nation, to rekindle the love of science in our youth and promote critical thinking amongst them. Such learning spaces in Karachi are extremely important where anyone and everyone can come to learn, imagine and explore.”
“TDF Magnifi-Science leverages fun, interactive exhibits to foster learning among students. Each exhibit aims to stimulate visitors' curiosity leading them to learn and retain simple but important scientific knowledge,” they added.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Greenland Holdings Corp Ltd:
* SAYS BOARD APPROVES TO INVEST 10 BILLION YUAN ($1.59 billion)TO SET UP POVERTY RELIEF FUNDS Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2FFN4bP Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2820 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Event organizer believes reform is necessary to evade politics of fear
On Saturday, Feb. 11, students and members of the Ottawa community held a day of action on Parliament Hill in response to Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's decision to rescind their plans to implement electoral reform.
Despite the weather, the rally drew approximately 300 participants and lasted for two hours, featuring a line-up of 10 speakers including members of the public sector, as well as students.
The rally was hosted by Daniel Rae, a political science and philosophy student at the University of Ottawa, who told the Fulcrum that they hope for a better Canadian political system that is based on negotiation and cooperation with citizens.
According to Rae, “the Harper government was a false majority that trampled on the opposition at will, and the Obama administration was just full of obstructionism and fear-mongering from the other side … we have grown up seeing the absolute worst that politics has to offer.”
“That is not going away unless we change the game, because of that obstructionism and fear-mongering trampling over everyone who isn't in power today,” said Rae.
Rae believes that this brand of politics is enabled by the first-past-the-post system, and “if we don't get rid of it we will keep seeing that every four years.”
Speakers at the rally included Réal Lavergne, the president of Fair Vote Canada, who believes that electoral reform was a major selling point for many voters in the 2015 federal election.
“Ask yourself why citizens abandoned Stephen Harper and elected Justin Trudeau—they did it because they feared for our democracy, and felt that Harper had abused that democracy,” said Lavergne.
“The June 2015 speech turned things around in a major way for the Liberals—that's why that promise is so important. I feel that (it's) what got this government elected.”
Members of Parliament, including the New Democratic Party (NDP) and Green Party candidates for the upcoming Ottawa–Vanier by-election, also attended Saturday's event, where they encouraged students and others in the community to get involved with the political process and vote.
“Don't take anyone's word for anything,” said Green Party member Nira Dookeran. “Be healthily skeptical—look at not only what we say but look at what we do, look at who's walking the walk.”
Aside from the rallies held in cities across Canada over the weekend, many concerned citizens took to Twitter on Feb. 8 to voice their concerns and called on Trudeau to provide proportionate representation and follow through with electoral reform.
At the Feb. 11 rally, Rae highlighted that a petition by NDP MP Nathan Cullen, calling for electoral reform, has now amassed over one hundred thousand signatures.
Though Trudeau was not present, Rae addressed them nonetheless, saying, “you have a chance here with this petition to make amends, you can vote in favour of it … but I'm pretty sure you won't do that. But you will be hearing from me and you'll be hearing from us again and again and again.”
Buy Photo The 50-megawatt Seville solar farm at Allegretti Ranch in western Imperial County, seen from a drone. The Imperial Irrigation District canceled a $75-million contract to buy electricity from a solar project being developed by a ZGlobal client at the same site. (Photo: Jay Calderon and Richard Lui/The Desert Sun)Buy Photo
An Imperial Irrigation District attorney said there have been "legitimate issues" surrounding California's conflict-of-interest law at the public utility, and that he'll make recommendations to the board of directors "to correct any problems that we have."
The comments by IID's outside counsel Mike Aguirre, a former San Diego city attorney, were the first time utility officials have alluded to possible violations of California's conflict-of-interest law, following a yearlong Desert Sun investigation into the business ties between IID and the engineering consulting firm ZGlobal. The utility has already canceled a $75-million solar contract and a $7-million battery deal as a result of The Desert Sun's reporting — and Aguirre suggested more contracts could be thrown out.
"There have been legitimate issues raised regarding the issue of 1090, which is a government code section which prohibits conflicts," Aguirre told IID's board of directors at a meeting last week. "There are legitimate issues — and we will be addressing those issues, and suggested remediations of those issues, on the 18th of December."
READ THE SERIES: Imperial Power Players: A Desert Sun investigation
California's conflict-of-interest law, known as Government Code Section 1090, says elected officials, public employees and private contractors working for government agencies "shall not be financially interested in any contract made by them in their official capacity." A separate provision in state law, Government Code Section 1092, allows public agencies to void any contracts that were made in violation of Section 1090.
Aguirre plans to make recommendations to the board "about how to utilize Government Code Section 1092 to remediate and to correct any problems that we have," they said.
Then-San Diego City Attorney Mike Aguirre in their office on July 7, 2005, in San Diego. Aguirre is now outside counsel to the Imperial Irrigation District. (Photo: LENNY IGNELZI, AP)
IID has tasked Aguirre with investigating potential conflicts of interest uncovered by The Desert Sun. Imperial County's district attorney, Gilbert Otero, is also investigating.
In a report to IID's board of directors last week, Aguirre wrote that their recommendations "will address Government Code section 1090 issues involving a former IID engineer, contractor ZGlobal." They said they hope their upcoming report "will help clear the air and will allow the issues regarding 1090 to be proportional to what the actual behavior was."
"This is not a case in which there's been millions of dollars siphoned off illegally or improperly to someone," Aguirre told the board of directors.
RELATED: IID sold farmland to ZGlobal-linked solar developer for $6M, then watched it get flipped for $14M
Public agencies that have made contracts in violation of the state's conflict-of-interest law have several options for getting their money back, said Ken White, a partner at the Los Angeles law firm Brown White & Osborn, and a former U.S. attorney. Agencies can negotiate a resolution with the other party to the contract, White said. If that doesn't work, they can sue for declarative relief and ask a judge to void the contract. Taxpayers can also sue under Section 1092, asking that problematic contracts be voided.
ZGlobal ended its three-year, $9.1-million contract with IID in October, a year ahead of schedule. It was ZGlobal's 15th contract with IID since 2005, collectively worth about $18 million. The Folsom-based consultant has also worked for private-sector energy developers in Imperial County, many of which have signed contracts with IID to connect their solar or battery projects to the utility's power grid.
RELATED: For $35M battery, IID turned to former board member and ZGlobal
Buy Photo The Imperial Irrigation District's 30-megawatt battery storage system in El Centro, California, seen from a drone. (Photo: Jay Calderon and Richard Lui/The Desert Sun)
Some of the potential conflicts identified by The Desert Sun include:
IID board member Bruce Kuhn was hired by a former board member, Mike Abatti, to level land owned by ZGlobal founder and president Ziad Alaywan. Abatti and Alaywan collaborated on a battery project that got a $35-million contract from IID;
Two adult sons of another IID board member, Jim Hanks, were hired to do pre-construction work on a solar project being built on land owned by Alaywan;
As a consultant for IID, ZGlobal conducted engineering studies for two solar projects originally developed by Green Light Energy Corp., a solar developer that shares offices and representatives with ZGlobal across more than a dozen limited liability companies. Those studies help IID determine how much money developers must pay to connect their energy projects to the utility's power grid;
Power purchase contracts for Green Light solar projects were presented to IID's board of directors for approval by an IID employee whose son worked for ZGlobal;
In October 2015, IID put five senior engineers on paid administrative leave and hired more expensive ZGlobal employees to replace them, giving ZGlobal a three-year, $9.1-million consulting contract for the work. ZGlobal's analysis of the senior engineers' job performance contributed to IID's decision to put them on paid leave.
HELP US INVESTIGATE: Do you have information that could lead to further reporting? Please contact the reporter at (760) 219-9679, or by email at sammy.roth@desertsun.com.
The goal of California's conflict-of-interest law is to eliminate even the opportunity for elected officials, public employees and private contractors working for public agencies to benefit themselves using public money, said Roy Hanley, a partner at the law firm Hanley & Fleishman who has served as city attorney for several California cities.
The law "stems from the idea that if you're going to work for the public, you can only have one master — you don't work both ends of a deal,” Hanley told The Desert Sun earlier this year. “If you're a public official or employee as defined in the code, then you have to very strictly make sure you only work for the public interest, and not your own."
READ THE SERIES: Imperial Power Players: A Desert Sun investigation
Eugene Iredale — a San Diego-based criminal defense attorney working for ZGlobal — said ZGlobal did not violate California's conflict-of-interest law while working for IID. In a letter addressed to Aguirre, Iredale wrote last week that ZGlobal's most recent contract with the public utility, the $9.1-million deal signed in October 2015, required ZGlobal employees working for IID to work exclusively for IID, and prevented them from working on IID projects involving ZGlobal clients. ZGlobal also disclosed more than 60 of its private-sector clients to IID, Iredale wrote.
Buy Photo Ziad Alaywan: Founder and president of ZGlobal Inc., a Folsom, California-based engineering firm that has worked extensively for the Imperial Irrigation District. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
Alaywan "was initially reluctant to agree to any contract which would result in possible conflicts of interest and the consequent necessity of ZGlobal's abandoning its ongoing consulting work for its clients who had dealings with IID," Iredale wrote in the letter, a draft of which was sent to The Desert Sun by Kassy Perry, a Sacramento-based public relations consultant who is also working for ZGlobal. But after being assured by IID that precautions could be taken to avoid conflicts of interest, Alaywan relented, Iredale wrote.
"Acting in good faith, and in reliance on the assurances of IID's counsel that these proposed procedures obviated any possibility of ethical or legal impropriety, Ziad Alaywan, on behalf of ZGlobal, agreed to this arrangement," Iredale wrote. "Now, over two years later, after having sought ZGlobal's help and repeatedly assured ZGlobal of the working arrangement's ethical propriety and legality, IID appears to be questioning whether there have been (Section 1090) violations. The unfairness is clear."
A year and a half after signing the contract with ZGlobal, IID adopted a new conflict-of-interest policy. The new policy said consultants under contract at IID couldn't work for private-sector companies seeking to do business with the utility. Alaywan also told IID at the time that ZGlobal had stopped working for private-sector clients in IID's service territory, although reporting by The Desert Sun showed that ZGlobal continued to work for solar developers in Imperial County before ending its contract with the utility.
Alaywan has denied that they or ZGlobal ever acted improperly, saying the consulting firm has boosted the Imperial Valley's economy by bringing solar developers to the area and helping IID keep electricity rates low. IID officials have also denied any wrongdoing. The utility's general manager, Kevin Kelley, told The Desert Sun earlier this year: "I've seen nothing from ZGlobal but an outstanding work product, and I wouldn't change a thing."
Buy Photo Solar panels soak up the sun at the 50-megawatt Seville solar farm at Allegretti Ranch, in western Imperial County off Highway 78. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
IID responds to Desert Sun story on land sales
Aguirre didn't go into detail last week on what will be included in their upcoming report, which they said would be released on Dec. 18. But they did release a report last week saying The Desert Sun had omitted several key facts from a recent story.
The Desert Sun reported last month that in 2011, IID's board of directors agreed to sell farmland to a solar developer with close ties to ZGlobal for $4,000 per acre, after dropping the price from $8,000 per acre. The sale wasn't completed for two years. After the sale went through and IID was paid a total of $5.77 million, the land was immediately flipped to another company for $14.2 million, The Desert Sun reported.
Aguirre's report said the solar project that was ultimately built on those lands, known as Solar Gen 2, brought several financial benefits to IID. The report said IID retained the water rights for those lands, which has allowed the utility to provide several thousand acre-feet of water per year to the Coachella Valley Water District, part of IID's obligations under a major water transfer deal, without paying farmers to fallow their lands. Over 25 years, that arrangement could save IID nearly $50 million, the report said.
Aguirre also noted that Solar Gen 2 was the first big solar project to connect directly to IID's power grid — a strategic goal for utility officials, who have long seen solar projects as a potential revenue source. The Desert Sun's recent story about the Solar Gen 2 land sales included comments to that effect from IID's general manager, Kevin Kelley.
Buy Photo The 50-megawatt Sonora solar farm in Calipatria, California, part of the 150-megawatt Solar Gen 2 project, seen from a drone. (Photo: Jay Calderon and Richard Lui/The Desert Sun)
Several IID directors criticized The Desert Sun's reporting at last week's board meeting.
Director Bruce Kuhn wasn't on the board when IID sold the Solar Gen 2 land, but they were on the board before that, when the utility first acquired the land in 2004. Kuhn said they had supported IID's purchase of 42,000 acres of farmland, known as the Western Farms property, for well under $2,000 per acre. Kuhn said the Solar Gen 2 developers bought a portion of that land from IID for more than twice what the utility had paid.
"If I bought a house 10 years ago for $100,000, and today it was worth $220,000 and I sold it, that is not a loss. If I sold it for $300,000, that's great," Kuhn said. "But if I sold it at $200,000, I still made money."
Director Jim Hanks was on the board when IID agreed to sell the land. They called the sale "a tremendous deal for our community," both for IID's water customers in Imperial County and its energy customers in Imperial County and the eastern Coachella Valley.
Still, Hanks acknowledged that the board of directors' decision to sell the land for $4,000 per acre "wasn't a unanimous vote," and that there were "a lot of discussions that went on as to the sale of the property." The board vote took place in closed session.
Buy Photo From left: Imperial Irrigation District board members Norma Sierra Galindo, Bruce Kuhn and Jim Hanks, seen at the July 18, 2017 meeting where the board originally approved the $75-million contract with Regenerate. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
Kelley, the utility's general manager, said at last week's board meeting that IID staff had recommended selling the land to the solar developer for between $6,000 and $8,000 per acre. But the board of directors decided to sell the land for farmland prices, Kelley said.
"The board settled on $4,000 after consulting the record and seeing that the most recent comparable was to a feedlot out there for comparable land at the same price," they said.
The land had strong potential for solar development — in part because of advice ZGlobal had given IID. One of the three parts of Solar Gen 2, the 50-megawatt Sonora solar farm, was made possible by the Midway-Bannister power line, which cost the publicly owned utility $9.4 million to build. IID built that power line on ZGlobal's advice.
RELATED: Why did public money keep flowing to ZGlobal in the Imperial Valley?
Aguirre provided a somewhat different explanation for why IID had dropped the sale price to $4,000 per acre. Through an IID spokesperson, Aguirre said in an email that the board "was willing to provide an incentive to the buyer to close the deal," so that the utility could achieve its two goals of connecting a large solar project to IID's grid and meeting its obligation to provide cheap water to the Coachella Valley Water District.
Asked why IID had needed to sell the land to facilitate solar development, Aguirre again cited those two goals, and also said the proceeds from the sale "helped with IID bond defeasance." Still, other developers have built solar projects on land owned by IID. The public utility still owns the land beneath the 23-megawatt Imperial Valley Solar Company 1 project in Niland and the 20-megawatt Sol Orchard solar project in El Centro.
Sammy Roth writes about energy and the environment for The Desert Sun. They can be reached at sammy.roth@desertsun.com, (760) 778-4622 and @Sammy_Roth.
Read or Share this story: http://desert.sn/2BaSTzA
0
Stop me if you've heard this one before — a high-powered and talented attorney, who also has a penchant for social justice but no social life, finds themselves romantically embroiled with one of their clients, who may or may not have committed a murder. This is the overarching plot of Doubt, CBS's new legal procedural, which sees Katherine Heigl in the lead role as Sadie Ellis, with Steven Pasquale's Billy as the man providing all of the doubt. They may have killed their girlfriend when they were a younger man, but now he's a pediatric heart surgeon so how could it be true?! People change! He's so handsome!
CBS isn't exactly reinventing the wheel with this one, nor do they need to. The Eye network is very good at giving the green light to content that is created exactly to the specifications of its mostly white, mostly older audience. It therefore wins the viewership wars and makes a ton of money by tailoring its content and rarely deviating from it. Occasionally CBS tests the waters beyond that, with a show as subversive and bizarre as BrainDead (which it cancelled at the end of its summer run), or by creating a genuinely great legal drama in The Good Fight (available only online), but it's rarely primetime content.
I say all of this to express two points: If you're looking for something new or interesting with Doubt, you're not going to find it. However, that's not necessarily a bad thing. Sometimes we all need a little legal or political or medical procedural in our lives, and you could do worse than Doubt.
Maybe that's damning with faint praise, but there you have it. Doubt has a great cast and a solid (if familiar) narrative structure, using the Sadie / Billy plot as its overarching storyline while peppering in B-plots in the courtroom handled by the rest of the likably quirky (and surprisingly diverse) attorneys (played by Laverne Cox, Dreama Walker, Dulé Hill, Elliott Gould, and Kobi Libii). And taking a page from Shondaland's book (co-creator Tony Phelan comes from Grey's Anatomy along with their co-creator wife Joan Rater), Doubt also makes sure that personal lives and professional lives are always intertwined, often by making the cases related to or particularly meaningful for the lawyers. You know the drill. Oh, and Sadie is motivated by the incarceration of their mother when they were a young girl, if you hadn't already guessed.
Doubt isn't a whirling, spinning drama that is full of pulsing background music, walk-and-talks, and jump cuts to high-stakes scenes. It's fairly quiet, measured, and though it's still working out how to incorporate the other attorneys in a way that feels compelling (currently it's not), it does succeed at being a low-fi procedural — even though low-fi can border far too often on just boring. Even three episodes in, we don't have a solid feel for who Sadie is outside of what others say about them (and what they say about herself). There are also a lot of characters, and thus a lot of clunky exposition to give them some kind of backstory. (How long have I been asleep?)
Still, Doubt does win some points back for stacking its talent roster so deep that it can afford to keep people like Judith Light and Becky Ann Baker around just for minor roles. But even given the talent of the cast and what seems like a surprisingly strong push for diversity, even for Heigl fans there's nothing about Doubt that makes it close to appointment television.
Rating: ★★ Fair — Good to watch before bedtime
Doubt premieres Wednesday, February 15th on CBS
Here's a tough riddle I thought up, which is mine. Put your answers below, though I'm not sure if anybody will get this:
Here it is (it's mine). . .
It's just coming:
Why is Camelot like this bear costume?
That's my riddle, which is mine.
The revolution was betrayed! ‘Real' socialism is a worthy goal! It's never been tried!
EDITOR'S NOTE: The following is Jonah Goldberg's weekly “news”letter, the G-File. Subscribe here to get the G-File delivered to your inbox on Fridays.
Dear Reader (including those of you who can imagine a great Dear Reader gag here),
The New York Times is not widely known as a hotbed of necromancy — the mystical science of communicating with or even raising the dead — but I'm starting to wonder if it is trying to get my late father to come back to earth so they can walk through the Gray Lady's offices and slap the editors with a semi-frozen mackerel.
The Times has been running a series on Communism called “The Red Century.” It's really, really weird. At times, it feels like the greatest high-brow trolling effort in recorded history. Some of the headlines read like they were plucked from the reject pile at The Onion. I particularly enjoyed “Why Women Had Better Sex Under Socialism.” One wonders what all the women who had to service their prison guards for a crust of bread would think about that. With the exception of one essay by Harvey Klehr, the upshot seems to be an effort to rehabilitate Communism for a certain kind of New York Times liberal who desperately needs to cling to the belief that they were on the right side of an argument they lost.
The tone is less “Communism was awesome” and more “Well, we sophisticated people understand it was a mixed bag, so let's focus on the bright spots.” E.g., Mao's collectivization liberated women from domestic service and put them to work in factories (that is the millions of women who weren't killed in the process).
This passage from Vivian Gornick's gauzy memoir of Communism captures the overall spirit of the series (emphasis mine):
Most Communists never set foot in party headquarters, laid eyes on a Central Committee member, or were privy to policy-making sessions. But every rank-and-filer knew that party unionists were crucial to the rise of industrial labor; party lawyers defended blacks in the South; party organizers lived, worked, and sometimes died with miners in Appalachia; farmworkers in California; steelworkers in Pittsburgh. What made it all reais were the organizations the party built: the International Workers Order, the National Negro Congress, the Unemployment Councils. Whenever some new world catastrophe announced itself throughout the Depression and World War II, The Daily Worker sold out in minutes. It is perhaps hard to understand now, but at that time, in this place, the Marxist vision of world solidarity as translated by the Communist Party induced in the most ordinary of men and women a sense of one's own humanity that ran deep, made life feel large; large and clarified. It was to this clarity of inner being that so many became not only attached, but addicted. No reward of life, no love nor fame nor wealth, could compete with the experience. It was this all-in-allness of world and self that, all too often, made of the Communists true believers who could not face up to the police state corruption at the heart of their faith, even when a 3-year-old could see that it was eating itself alive.
I wrote about Gornick's essay on the Corner at the time, so I won't dwell on it now. But the ideas here and throughout the series are fairly obvious, because so many of them hardened into sad clichés long ago. The motives were good! The revolution was betrayed! “Real” socialism is a worthy goal! It's never been tried!
Frankly, I find the Twitter feed of the Socialist Party of Great Britain more entertaining and more honest:
Are you about to tell us “Socialism was tried in Russia” or “Look at Venezuela” etc? It has NEVER EXISTED! It comes AFTER global capitalism! pic.twitter.com/Rr1Ra0ugbE — The Socialist Party (@OfficialSPGB) November 16, 2016
Venezuela does not have socialism (a class-free society with no ruling elite). It has a leftwing state-run profit-driven capitalist economy. pic.twitter.com/KpkiUCA0NA — The Socialist Party (@OfficialSPGB) October 5, 2017
It's an incredibly useful debating tactic to say that every failed socialist country wasn't really socialist because it had a ruling class. The problem is that there will never be a “true” socialist country because ruling classes are inevitable. The unapologetic reds should spend a little less time reading Marx and read more Max Nomad, Milovan Djilas, Max Schachtman, James Burnham, and other Communists and former Communists who understood that any attempt to create a “true socialist” society runs into the Iron Law of Oligarchy. Every organization requires some small group of people to make important decisions. They may use their special knowledge and power to help people, but it's also a sure bet that they will use it to help themselves as well. A society without democratic institutions and market mechanisms by its nature will invest bureaucrats with enormous power to make choices about how other people will live.
Anyway, what got me thinking about Communism in the first place was this story. It turns out that Russian meddling in the election wasn't reserved for generating an army of MAGA Twitter bots:
A social media campaign calling itself “Blacktivist” and linked to the Russian government used both Facebook and Twitter in an apparent attempt to amplify racial tensions during the U.S. presidential election, two sources with knowledge of the matter told CNN.
This is amusing for a bunch of reasons, but the relevant one brings us back to the Times' Red Century stuff. It is absolutely true that many dedicated American Communists and Communist sympathizers cared sincerely and passionately about civil rights. And that cause was indeed good and noble. But what gets left out of the picture is that Soviet support for their cause was not good and noble. It was, simply, evil and cynical. First of all, the notion that a totalitarian dictatorship that murdered and enslaved its own people actually cared about civil rights for Americans shouldn't have passed the laugh test.
But on the matter of Russia's meddling in American politics, the hypocrisy of American liberals isn't remotely captured by shouting “Romney was right!” about Russia.
Russia's meddling in American politics has continued, with only the briefest interruption in the 1990s, for a century. Liberals may only recently have discovered “fake news” — but that crap has been made in Russia for decades. The Soviets, with the aid of useful idiots and even-more-useful agents, convinced large swathes of the world that the CIA created AIDS. During the Korean War, they fabricated “confessions” and other evidence that America used biological-warfare weapons. The Soviets undermined democratic societies — and developing countries throughout the world — with conspiracy theories planted in newspapers and TV shows and peddled by seemingly legitimate academics. Moscow's Patrice Lumumba University (no really) granted Ph.D.s in Holocaust denial and anti-Zionist canards.
The Soviets loved black radicals in the U.S. not because they gave a rat's ass about black empowerment or civil rights but because they wanted to sow unrest in America. At minimum, they liked to use images of civil unrest for even greater propaganda victories. But the ultimate goal, until the very end of the Cold War, was the collapse of the United States.
I'd go into further detail, but ThinkProgress actually has a very good article on this history:
For instance, as described in Christopher Andrew's The Sword and the Shield, a detailed composition of KGB operations compiled by a former KGB archivist, Soviet operations to stoke racial tensions spiked in the 1960s and 1970s. In 1967, Moscow aimed at removing Martin Luther King, Jr., from their leadership role within the broader civil rights movement. Per Andrew, KGB higher-ups approved a plan to “place articles in the African press, which could then be reprinted in American newspapers, portraying King as an ‘Uncle Tom' who was secretly receiving government subsidies to tame the civil rights movement and prevent it threatening the Johnson administration.” (Writes Andrew, MLK “was probably the only prominent American to be the target of active measures by both the FBI and the KGB.”) As War is Boring's Darien Cavanaugh added, the campaign sought to replace King with Stokely Carmichael, hoping a less pacifist leader would help spark a race war within the U.S. The drive also included, in a harbinger of the Facebook ads to come, distributing fabricated pamphlets that showed far-right groups bent on “developing a plan for the physical elimination of leading figures in the Negro movement in the U.S.” Growing bolder by the early 1970s, the KGB moved beyond innuendo into a far more violent strain of its campaign. Moscow higher-ups — including then-KGB chief Yuri Andropov, who would eventually lead the Soviet Union in the early 1980s — signed off on pamphlets, to be sent to African-American militants, which said that Jewish vigilante groups viewed them as “black mongrels.” Writes Cavanaugh, the pamphlets “were distributed to 30 black militant groups in the New York area.” Meanwhile, the KGB approved a plan to release explosives in “the Negro section of New York,” with one KGB official suggesting bombing “one of the Negro colleges” as a back-up option. Following the planned bombing, KGB agents would then issue anonymous phone calls “to two or three black organizations, claiming that the explosion was the work of the Jewish Defense League.”
I know this is running long, but two points need to be made. First, when you read about how American Communists and fellow-travelers had the best of intentions and were on the right side of history, bear in mind that these people were at best noble dupes and useful idiots for an evil empire.
Second, for the conservatives out there who have suddenly developed a strange new respect for Vladimir Putin because he's a “strong leader” or some other flaming garbage, you should keep in mind that the former KGB agent is an unapologetic creature of that evil empire, shorn of Marxist pretense.  They are doing to America today what they were trained to do.
Various & Sundry
By now, you've probably heard that the podcast is up and running. The debut episode featured renowned corn-stalk-urination specialist Ben Sasse. For the second episode, I invited my cellmate from Rykers, Yuval Levin.
No one knows better than this guy that it's still a work in progress. But the early reviews have been pretty positive. I'm still eager for feedback. I'm married to nothing (except my wife). We'll probably get some new music in there soon (send your suggestions), and I've got all kinds of weird ideas about the format, but I'm open to hearing more (if someone can figure out how to incorporate dogs as podcast guests, I'd love to hear from you). I'm told that it's very important that you give it 8 trillion stars at iTunes and other platforms and that you actually subscribe. At a minimum, I would love to have more subscribers than that villainous coven podcast The Editors.
Canine Update: Because I believe in honest reporting in this “news”letter, I feel compelled to share the shame of the Goldberg house these days. One of the dogs has been pooping in the house. We don't know who's doing it, though I suspect it's Pippa. One of the great things about having a Carolina dog is that they are, like Sir John Gielgud, very private poopers. When we're in the woods, Zoë prefers to run off out of sight and do their business in some secret ancient poop burial ground. Meanwhile, Pippa is like some eccentric British aristocrat and thinks their poop is a problem for the help to take care of. Anyway, it's dismaying because we don't think either of them is sick, and they keep pointing the damning paw of blame at each other. The cats think it's all disgusting.
Meanwhile the only other thing of note to report is that Pippa was shnurfling around in some leaves the other day and uncovered a frog that proceeded to jump right into their face. Our cherished dogwalker Kirsten said that Pippa let out a shriek that frightened all of the other dogs in the pack, along with Kirsten herself. Pippa had PTSD for a while afterwards. I'm actually at a conference in upstate New York right now, but I'm told that the beasts miss me greatly (File photos). Almost as much as I miss them.
Book Update: I'm not sure I officially told you folks yet, but the manuscript has been accepted by the publisher. So now I am waiting for page proofs, which is a whole different level of Book Hell. The pub date is set for late April, and I'm going to be doing a lot of promotion for it in the spring. If you know of an organization that might want to host an event in 2018 for the book, please let me know. You can send an email to [email protected].
Oh, and just a reminder for folks in Northern California: I will be speaking to the Conservative Forum of Silicon Valley next week.
ICYMI . . .
Last week's G-File
The Las Vegas shooting and politicization
Tevi Troy for HHS secretary
The Republican base is beyond Trump's control.
My interview with Hugh Hewitt about Tevi Troy
The second episode of my new podcast, with guest star Yuval Levin
The NRA doesn't buy its support.
And now, the weird stuff.
Debby's Friday Links
The abandoned Soviet germ-warfare island
We're probably not living in a computer simulation
Jeremy Bentham's head exhumed
Drunk man claims to be time traveler from the future to warn about aliens
If aliens exist, we'll know by 2035
A 30-foot, 900-pound snake
(But can it turn into James Earl Jones?)
Painting art with flight paths
Did something come before the Big Bang?
Are space, time, and gravity all just illusions?
Do you want to own a toilet museum?
Saint Nick's tomb found?
The Battle of Athens (Georgia)
The history of the X-Ray
London's creepiest cemetery
TOKYO (Reuters) - North Korea's growing missile arsenal might be the most obvious and immediate military threat facing Japan, but defence planners in Tokyo are focused on a much larger and more challenging foe as they prepare for the years ahead.
FILE PHOTO: A Japan Self-Defense Forces (JSDF) soldier takes part in a drill to mobilise their Patriot Advanced Capability-3 (PAC-3) missile unit in response to a recent missile launch by North Korea, at U.S. Air Force Yokota Air Base in Fussa on the outskirts of Tokyo, Japan August 29, 2017. REUTERS/Issei Kato/File Photo
China has stepped up military spending and already dominates the South China Sea, through which Japan's trade with major markets including Europe and the Middle East flows.
Now, Japanese military experts are worried Beijing may be on the brink of opening access to the Pacific through a Japanese island chain that has marked the limit of China's military influence for decades.
Tokyo sees unfettered passage for Chinese warships and warplanes through the Okinawan island chain as a threat to vital sea lanes. For China that access is part and parcel of becoming a global superpower.
“Now, we are evenly matched but the reality Japan faces is that it is becoming the underdog,” said Nozomu Yoshitomi, a professor at Nihon University in Tokyo who advised Japan's government as a Self Defence Forces military analyst.
CHINESE AMBITION
In addition to having Asia's second-largest military, Japan is also defended by U.S. forces that have used the country as their main Asia base since the end of World War Two. Under a security treaty, Washington is obliged to aid Tokyo if its territory is attacked.
China has “essentially established de facto control over the South China Sea and the East China Sea is next,” said a retired senior U.S. military commander on condition they aren't identified. “The United States, for its part, has been in relative retreat in the Western Pacific for a decade.”
Beijing is ramping up military spending to build a world-class fighting force by 2050 with advanced kit, including stealth jets and, according to state-run media, a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier.
In 2018, Beijing plans to spend 1.11 trillion yuan ($175 billion) on its armed forces, more than three times as much as Japan.
That would also be around a third of what the United States pays for the world's most powerful military, including 30,000 marines in Okinawa and a navy carrier attack group based near Tokyo.
“The pace of Chinese activity in waters around Japanese territory has expanded and accelerated,” Japan's Minister of Defence Itsunori Onodera said this month. “China is building the capacity to operate in distant seas and that can be see with China's acquisition of its first carrier and its construction of a second flat top.”
China says its military is for defensive purposes and its intentions in the region are peaceful. China's Defence Ministry did not respond to a request for comment.
HUNKER DOWN
Japan's defence outlays for the past five years have risen by just 1 percent a year. It will likely grow at around the same pace over the next five year plan as health and welfare spending on an aging population takes priority, a government defence official said.
“Finance is our weakness, but our strength is the resilience of our society,” said another defence ministry adviser, who also asked not to be identified. If Japan is able to hunker down long enough, they explained, the threat from China should recede as future internal strife, economic woes or other events prompt a retreat.
To restrain Beijing in the meantime, Japan needs advanced weaponry and new munitions able to strike targets further away, said the sources with knowledge of the plans.
Japan's defence reviews, which will likely be released in December, may propose it establish its first joint command headquarters to coordinate air, ground and naval forces and strengthen cooperation with Washington, the sources said.
New equipment may include amphibious ships along with aerial drones to monitor Chinese activity and potentially target missiles in the boost phase of any launch.
Japan's military will get new air and ground missiles able to hit shipping and land targets at greater ranges. It will also place fresh orders for Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 stealth fighters including vertical take off and landing versions, the sources said.
The review will lay out plans to train more Ground Self Defence troops (GSDF) in marine fighting tactics and for their wider deployment to Okinawa. The GSDF's unit there will grow to division strength from a battalion, said former defence minister Gen Nakatani.
CHINESE PRESSURE
Yet as Tokyo formulates those plans, Beijing is already testing Japanese defences.
In a maneuver in January that Japan protested as a “serious escalation”, a Chinese submarine entered waters contiguous to disputed islands in the East China Sea claimed as the Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China.
That followed a series of longer range sorties by People's Liberation Army Air Force bombers and fighters.
China can “test the readiness and response of Japanese forces, to better understand Japanese defenses, and, over time, to engage in peacetime attrition,” said Toshi Yoshihara, a professor and Senior Fellow at the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments in Washington. “If Chinese operations become routine, they force Japan to accept the PLA's growing presence as a fact of life.”
Tokyo was especially alarmed in November when six Xian H-6 bombers flew through a 290 km (180 mile) gap in Japan's island chain between Okinawa and Miyakojima, accompanied by an electronic warfare TU-154 and a Y-8 monitoring plane.
One senior defence official said the exercise “looked like a practice strike package on Guam”, another major U.S. military base.
China's Defence Ministry did not respond to request for comment on the exercise.
“The pace of Chinese activity is faster than we anticipated,” Nakatani said at their Tokyo office, where an arrow scribbled on a map of Japan on the wall highlighted the breach in the island chain. “Japan's security environment has not been this harsh since World War Two.”
PanARMENIAN.Net - French President Francois Hollande on Tuesday, February 14 called for "justice" over the alleged rape of a black youth with a police baton, an incident that has sparked 10 nights of rioting and more than 200 arrests, AFP reports.
"Justice must be served," Hollande said during a visit to Aubervilliers, located in the tough Seine-Saint-Denis region northeast of Paris where a 22-year-old youth worker, identified only as Theo, was assaulted on February 2.
But Hollande also condemned the ensuing riots, which have shaken the belt of gritty suburbs surrounding Paris.
The injuries sustained by Theo during a stop-and-search operation in the suburb of Aulnay-sous-Bois have sparked clashes with police and arson attacks across the impoverished, ethnically-mixed housing estates that ring the French capital.
The interior ministry said 245 people had been arrested over the protests which began on February 4. Several dozen have been taken into custody.
Theo suffered severe anal injuries requiring hospital treatment during their arrest by four officers, one of whom allegedly sodomised them with a truncheon.
One officer has been charged with rape and the three others with assault. All four have been suspended from the force.
Hollande said France was determined to "show that we are capable of living together in a peaceful society, but where respect is the rule and where we must be firm towards those who diverge from this principle".
Alberta Environment Minister Shannon Phillips says the province is “still standing” a day after its carbon tax took effect, and Albertans who opposed the levy could start seeing rebate cheques within days.
But Opposition Wildrose critic Don MacIntyre says the majority of Albertans continue to oppose the tax and that the science isn't settled on whether humans are responsible for the majority of climate change.
READ MORE: Drivers line up for gas ahead of Alberta's looming carbon tax
The tax officially began Sunday, adding 4.5 cents per litre of gasoline at the pumps as well as hiking costs for home heating.
Phillips held a news conference Monday where they addressed what they felt was “misinformation” about the levy, a day after deputy premier Sarah Hoffman held a similar media availability in the legislature building.
READ MORE: Alberta coal customers stock up ahead of carbon tax
Like Hoffman a day earlier, Phillips stressed the link between the NDP government's new tax on carbon and the Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's approval of the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion in November.
MacIntyre, however, says pipelines were still built before there were carbon taxes, and that pipeline approvals should be based on science rather than politics.
European allies will tell the United States' new defense secretary on Wednesday that NATO is not the weak alliance U.S. President Donald Trump has accused it of being, at one of the most anticipated NATO meetings in years.
At their first face-to-face encounter with Jim Mattis, European defense ministers will also seek reassurances from their U.S. counterpart that Trump is committed to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, which has guaranteed Europe's security for almost 70 years.
"Mattis's performance is going to be really important," said Adam Thomson, a former British ambassador to NATO and director of the European Leadership Network think tank in London. "It is all about how credibly they appear to speak for the entire U.S. administration."
Trump's contradictory remarks on NATO, calling it "obsolete" during the U.S. election campaign but also supporting it, as well as their praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin, have deeply unsettled allies who fear for transatlantic ties.
In their debut trip to Europe as Pentagon chief, Mattis is set to echo longstanding U.S. calls that European allies invest more on defense, something U.S. defense secretaries under Republican and Democratic administrations have done for years.
But experts say that message will have to be calibrated, because while Trump has eased off their criticism of NATO since taking office, they have maintained criticism of some allies for failing to make "full and proper financial contributions."
"Many of them have not been even close," Trump said of European defense spending. "And they have to do that," Trump told U.S. troops in Florida earlier this month.
NATO Europe argues it is increasing defense spending, upping outlays by $10 billion last year.
Moscow's 2014 annexation of Crimea, Ukraine's Black Sea peninsula, and its direct support for rebels in eastern Ukraine have prompted NATO to begin sending alliance troops to Russia's borders to deter the Kremlin from any other moves.
Mattis, a former NATO general who served in the U.S. military for four decades, is likely to feel at home at the alliance headquarters. But they also arrive amid renewed uncertainty in Washington after White House national security adviser Michael Flynn's resigned this week.
Mattis said that resignation over Flynn's pre-inauguration discussions with Russia over economic sanctions had "no impact".
One senior European NATO diplomat said allies are under no illusion that Trump might not still undo careful diplomatic work with a single message on Twitter. But they would still look for their support as they try to manage tensions with Russia.
"We need to bring the family together," the diplomat said. "Things have been made to feel fragile," the diplomat added, referring to Trump's campaign remarks about NATO.
MILITANTS DILEMMA
NATO defense ministers from Europe, Canada and Turkey will also want to hear from Mattis, who will be first to address the 27 other defense ministers on Wednesday, on how the alliance can meet Trump's demands to do more to counter Islamic militants.
NATO says it is already active, training troops from Afghanistan to Iraq, and cannot do the work of police or social workers seeking out returning foreign fighters from Syria.
"We need to be clear that the response to international terrorism cannot be led by NATO, but it can a part of that," a second senior European NATO diplomat said.
Mattis is also expected to host a meeting of ministers from the U.S.-led coalition battling Islamic State, which all NATO members are part of. Allies want a way forward in Syria and Iraq as U.S. military leaders scramble to complete a plan for Trump outlining ways to accelerate the defeat of the militant group.
Trump has openly spoken about their hopes of working with Russia to combat Islamic State, but U.S. allies may be hesitant to be seen siding with Russia and its ally, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, in Syria's messy, multi-pronged conflict.
Despite the rumors, Surface Pro 5 release date is yet to be officially revealed. However, the internet is already buzzing with speculations about the upgraded features that will be introduced in the upcoming hybrid tablet.
According to Tech Times, Microsoft is offering a $200 discount on its top of the line Surface Pro 4 that was launched in 2015. The Silver Core i5 processor with 256GB SSD is now available for $950. As soon as the discount was announced, the rumors about Surface Pro 5 release date started doing the rounds.
Having said that, speculation has it that Surface Pro 5 release date is pegged to be around spring 2017. It is also rumored that the launch may actually happen sooner on Feb. 27, at MWC in Barcelona.
Advertisement
According to a Chinese website leak reported by DigiTimes, Microsoft has already given the manufacturing contract for their Surface Pro 5 to the makers of Surface Studio, Pegatron. The report also indicates that the new Surface Pro 5 release date may be imminent in first quarter of 2017. The device is expected to come powered by 4K display, rechargeable Surface Pen etc.
The upcoming Surface Pro 5 is said to be an upgrade and improvement of its predecessor. The device will come packed with many other technical and other features that were not included in its previous version. The latest hybrid tablet offered by Microsoft is also anticipated to include Bluetooth-enabled Surface Dial that was introduced along with Microsoft Surface Studio. Apart from the Surface Dial, the latest Surface Pro 5 may also feature rechargeable Surface Pen that will offer much greater functionality to its hybrid two-in-one tablet.
Surface Pro 5 release date has not been officially confirmed by Microsoft yet. However, the fans and the industry enthusiasts expect it to be sometime in March, coinciding with MWC 2017.
Feature Twenty years ago, the Open Source Definition (OSD) was published, providing a framework for the most significant trend in software development since then, and building upon Richard Stallman's prior advocacy for "free software."
The Open Source Initiative, a non-profit that advocates open source development and non-proprietary software, pegs the date of inception at February 3, 1998. That's when the term "open source" was proposed by Christine Peterson during a meeting convened to build upon interest arising from the decision by browser maker Netscape to release its source code.
An alternative to "free software" was sought because that term invariably requires further explanation that "free" refers to liberty rather than price. While people can and do quibble about differentiating details, both "free software" and "open source" ultimately boil down to making application and system source code available and putting the software under a license that favors user freedom.
To companies accustomed to keeping source code secret, and to intellectual property profiteers, that amounted to heresy.
In an account penned in 2006 and published on Thursday, Peterson said that other suggestions to describe software unencumbered by restrictions included "source code available," "freely distributable," "cooperatively developed," and "sourceware."
The term "open source" won, on February 5, 1998, as Peterson tells it. Stallman still prefers "free software," but that's another story.
One of the founders of the open source movement, Bruce Perens, who had previously drafted the Debian Free Software Guidelines (which would be adapted to become the OSD), puts the date at February, 9, 1998, when they published an announcement of the OSD.
Whatever the date – some time in early February two decades ago – open source took root as a practical aspiration, in a form more commercially palatable than the ideologically rigid free software movement – and the result can be seen in the today's tech industry.
"My take on open source is that it's a way to promote the idea of 'free software' to business people," said Perens in a phone interview with The Register. "It's not fundamentally different than 'free software.' It's just a way to talk about the same thing to different people."
The more moderate messaging worked. You can't throw a smartphone in Silicon Valley without hitting a business that benefits from open source software, not to mention the fact that both Android and iOS devices, for all their proprietary parts, rely on open source code in the form of Linux and Darwin.
The leading technology platform companies of the moment – Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google, and Microsoft – all depend to varying degrees on open source software, to say nothing of the businesses today running Linux on premises or in data centers somewhere.
Cancer
Microsoft deserves special mention for its embrace of open source because it was once so ardent a champion of proprietary software that in 2001 Steve Ballmer, CEO at the time, likened Linux to cancer for what the GPL (General Public License) supposedly did to intellectual property rights.
Tim Burke, veep of Linux infrastructure engineering at Red Hat, told The Register in a phone interview that while they expect proprietary software will continue to exist, particularly with regard to problems not large enough to attract a developer community, open source has become the center of innovation.
Initially, they said, open source projects represented attempts to reproduce or provide alternatives to popularly proprietary applications and operating systems. OpenOffice, for example, followed in the footsteps of Microsoft Office.
"Today," Burke said, "open source is leading innovation. We're not cloning anymore."
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
London:- Why does actor Benedict Cumberbatch cut such a dash as British literary detective Sherlock Holmes? That's elementary, according to genealogy website Ancestry.com. Cumberbatch is distantly related to author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who created the brilliant but quirky sleuth some 130 years ago, the website said on Sunday. Cumberbatch, 40, star of the Emmy award-winning BBC TV series, “Sherlock,” is a 16th cousin, twice removed of Doyle.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Basware Oyj:
* BASWARE TO SELL ITS NON-CORE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE SOLUTIONS AND BANKING BUSINESSES TO VERDANE CAPITAL
* ‍TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO BE COMPLETED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE IN Q1 OF 2018​
* ‍COMBINED SALE PRICE OF TWO BUSINESSES IS APPROXIMATELY EUR 35.0 MILLION, SUBJECT TO CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.​
* ‍TRANSACTION PRICE WILL BE PAID IN CASH IN CONNECTION WITH CLOSING OF TRANSACTION.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
ISLAMABAD - Pakistan People's Party (PPP) on Sunday dared the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) chief, Imran Khan, to challenge former president Asif Ali Zardari in a by-election in the coming weeks.
The PPP said it welcomed Imran Khan's announcement that the PTI would field candidates against Zardari in Nawabshah, and against the PPP chief Bilawal Bhutto Zardari in Larkana whether in by-elections or the general elections.
“The PPP upholds and welcomes the democratic right of Imran Khan and indeed of anyone, to contest elections against its leaders anywhere and at any time in the country, and the party looks forward to a healthy democratic electoral contest in a not too distant future,” said PPP spokesperson Senator Farhatullah Babar.
Zardari returned from an 18-month exile on December 23 and announced on December 27 – at the death anniversary gathering of their spouse Benazir Bhutto – that they and their son Bilawal would both contest by-elections to enter the parliament.
The move is aimed at giving tough time to the government in the parliament and unifying the opposition groups to pressurise the government on the Panama leaks and alleged bad governance.
The PPP and the PTI are the leading opposition parties in the parliament and there have been hints they could cooperate on a minimum agenda inside the parliament.
Zardari also plans to form alliance with the like-minded parties before the 2018 polls to defeat the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz and return to power.
Senator Babar said that the PPP “hopes and urges Imran Khan to firmly stand by their public pronouncement and not go back on it, thereby exposing themselves once again to the charge of making U-turns at the drop of the hat.”
There is an opportunity for Imran Khan, they said, to prove that they had jettisoned their past of making frequent U-turns and the “PPP is more than happy to provide them this opportunity.”
Senator Babar said that the PPP government in Sindh firmly believed in upholding democratic principles and traditions and “it is inconceivable that the provincial government will arrest Imran Khan to stop them from contesting elections against party leaders.”
Imran Khan, they said, could be sure that they would be able to freely contest elections in Sindh without fear or threat of being arrested.
“This should serve as an added incentive to Imran Khan not to make a U-turn and contest elections either in person or through their candidates against the PPP leaders,” Babar added.
Meanwhile, on Sunday, Asif Ali Zardari strongly condemned terror attack in a night club in Istanbul that reportedly claimed 39 lives and injured many more.
In a statement Asif Ali Zardari said that they were deeply saddened about the “cowardly terror attack in Turkey.”
They said that the PPP and the people of Pakistan stand by the Turkish government and its people, and their thoughts were with the victims and their bereaved families.
“There could be no justification for this heinous crime against innocent Turkish people and humanity. The PPP strongly condemns this inhuman attack,” the former president said.
Share:
KARACHI - The Supreme Court mandated judicial commission on water and sanitation on Tuesday directed the Water and Sewerage Board to lay pipelines in Baldia Town area to provide drinking water to the area people.
The commission has also ordered to complete the devolvement schemes in Thatta district as per date-line. The judicial commission headed by Justice (r) Ameer Hani Muslim was hearing the matter on water, wherein the residents of district east and west have complained verbally against shortage of water in their areas. On the query of the commission, the board officials informed that commission that 50 percent of areas are provided water through pipelines only 30 percent of areas are facing shortage of water, the residents denied the claims made by the officials by saying that no arrangement has been made to provide water.
The commission directed to complete the scheme of supply water within ten days. The commission took up the issue of TP-V and was informed that Asif Hyder Shah, focal person of the commission of Karachi issues consulted with stakeholders including Karachi Port Trust (KPT), Board of Revenue (BoR) and other relevant authorities as per directives of the commission.
The KPT assured the commission to enhance the capacity of the proposed treatment plant-V form 60 MGD to 100 in two phases within two years after its installation.
The KPT and the BoR submitted their reports wherein they stated that a joint survey was carried out the settlement department of revenue and state department of the KPT which revealed that out of 124-31 access of the land earmarked/identified for treatment plant TP-III 20 acres of land is free for superstructure.
It was pointed out that out of this 62-00 acres land is claimed to have been allotted to private individuals in exchange by the BoR Sindh and 6-00 acres of land has been reserved for NAB officials colony.
However, according to the Member of Land Unitization Department (LU) no payment has been made by NAB. Besides, some allottees of Sindh government have approached the courts as well. There is also litigation pending between the KPT and the BoR and NLC as well on the issue of little.
The commission directed the KPT to provide concept paper/schematic design to the member land utilisation, who in turn will float a summary incorporating the earlier order of commission passed by consent of the parties and the present order so that the competent authority to consent to earmark the land measuring 124-31 acres for proposed TP-V.
It directed the KPT to utilize the bare minimum area for TP-V and the remaining land to be used for mangroves only in consultation with forest department.
The commission observed that public will benefit from the treatment plant and mangroves vegetation will flourish which in turn will give healthy marine life and minimize the contamination in entire seashore.
This step will further have a positive impact on export of the fishing market in Pakistan and will provide safe berthing infrastructure to the shipping industries which were being affected because of contamination.
One of London's retired top cops is among those commending a Toronto police officer for their calm takedown of the suspect in Monday's horrific van attack, while the city's head of security says London is as ready as it can be should something similar happen in Forest City.
“The officer did an excellent job in assessing the threat level to not only the public but to himself,” former London police chief Murray Faulkner told 980 CFPL.
Video footage of those tense moments showed the police officer staring down the suspect at gunpoint in the middle of a street, while the man pointed what appeared to be a gun and shouted: “Kill me.” The video showed the suspect repeatedly pulling an object from their side and aiming at police.
“I think [the officer] quickly made the determination that they were not pointing a gun at him,” said Faulkner.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack: Police officer commended for refusal to shoot suspect
“Even though they say they had a gun in their pocket, the officer could see both hands, which is a key marker in the thought process of a trained police officer. And even though they did the quick draw thing, it really wasn't into their pocket, it was beside their leg.”
Faulkner also addressed those who say, given the situation, that the officer wouldn't be blamed for firing their gun.
“There would have been lots of people that would have blamed that police officer, and we see instances not necessarily in Canada, but in the United States, but some significant ramifications for using lethal force.”
Faulkner says lethal force is a serious matter, and education involving simulators and mental training begins at the Ontario Police College.
“I can remember back into the '70s that it was trained into us, that if you were going to pull your revolver, you have to be prepared to use it. This isn't just an instrument used as a threat.”
READ MORE: Alek Minassian suspected driver in Toronto van attack that killed 10, injured 14
They also wonder what may have happened, if the situation had turned into a police chase.
“The last time I checked the laws for police pursuits in Ontario, police are not allowed to fire at a moving vehicle. And I think maybe we need to take a look at legislation, and in cases like this, if the person is getting away, you may need to be able to have that authority.”
London is as ready as it can be, says city's manager of security
Meanwhile, London's head of security and emergency preparedness, Dave O'Brien, says “we are ready as we can be” if a similar attack took place in London.
“There's never going to be a perfect response to these circumstances, they're very dynamic and challenging, and it's always going to be to the best of our ability, training specifically to these types of circumstances,” they explained.
READ MORE: Emergency response training takes over Westminster Ponds
We are shocked and saddened by the events in Toronto today. Our flag has been lowered to half mast to honour those who died and those who were injured as a result of this terrible tragedy. Our hearts go out to all affected #TorontoStrong — City of London (@CityofLdnOnt) April 24, 2018
While London has never had to deal with a similar situation, O'Brien says emergency services and the city's other support organizations are trained regularly on large-scale crises.
First responders and 15 local agencies worked together on an emergency tornado simulation last October at Westminster Ponds, involving more than 400 people and about 90 acting as people who'd been injured.
In honour of the people hurt and killed by Monday's horrific van attack, the flag outside London city hall is at half mast and councillors observed a moment of silence before starting their council meeting on Tuesday afternoon.
KUALA LUMPUR, Feb 2 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - An award-winning method for mapping Indonesia's vast peatlands, developed by Dutch, German and Indonesian scientists, will help the Southeast Asian nation tackle annual fires that harm health in the region, the organisers of the prize said on Friday.
The International Peat Mapping Team (IPMT) will receive $1 million for winning the two-year competition, funded by the David and Lucile Packard Foundation and managed by the U.S.-based World Resources Institute (WRI).
“To be able to manage peat well, we needed to have a map, and the map we had before was not that comprehensive,” said Nirarta Samadhi, director of WRI Indonesia.
Indonesian government agencies, which helped organise the competition, will start using the new methodology as soon as possible, said Supiandi Sabiham, co-chair of the judges.
The IPMT's approach, which combines satellite imagery, LiDAR technologies and on-the-ground measurement, won for its accuracy, speed and affordability, added Sabiham.
Peat soils contain huge quantities of carbon in the form of organic matter, which accumulates over thousands of years and provides nutrients for plant growth.
Rainforests across Indonesia's sprawling archipelago contain more than 15 million hectares of peatland - an area twice the size of Ireland - mostly on the islands of Sumatra and Borneo and in the easternmost province of Papua.
When peatlands are drained or cleared by fire, often to make way for oil palm plantations or farming, the carbon is released into the atmosphere where it traps heat, contributing to climate change.
Peaty soil is particularly flammable when dry, often causing fires to spread beyond their intended areas.
Each year smoke from fires used to clear land for agricultural expansion in Indonesia clouds the skies over large parts of Southeast Asia, raising concerns about public health.
Peat fires in 2015 were estimated to have caused up to 100,000 premature deaths, according to the WRI, and cost the Indonesian economy $16.5 billion, or nearly 2 percent of gross domestic product.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo set up an agency in 2016 to restore about 2 million hectares of damaged peatland, and imposed a moratorium on new concessions for oil palm.
The IPMT methodology will enable the Indonesian authorities to better manage peatlands, and help them create canals and wetting systems to protect peat in the dry season, WRI's Samadhi told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Open to students, engineers, consultants, scientists, companies and universities, the competition attracted 44 applicants from 10 countries.
Bambang Setiadi, a scientist in the IPMT team, said the prize money would be used to fund further research into peatlands, as well as scholarships for Indonesian students to attend German universities. (Reporting by Michael Taylor, Editing by Megan Rowling; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
Janet Brown
Senior Reporter
A graduate of BCIT's journalism program, Janet is an award-winning reporter with 30 years experience in radio, 26 of them at CKNW! A wife and hockey mom, Janet loves living life in the ‘burbs!
File photo of Iran's Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei (L) with president Rouhani. According to Iran's Constitution, the Supreme Leader is responsible for supervision of “the general policies of the Islamic Republic of Iran,” which means that they set the tone and direction of Iran's domestic and foreign policies. yalibnan 4:18:00 PM CEST
After making a pick-off throw to help preserve a tie game in the 11th inning, Cleveland Indians catcher Yan Gomes completed the comeback two innings later, hitting the walk-off RBI single in the team's 9-8 victory over the New York Yankees in Game 2 of the American League Division Series on Friday night.
Gomes' game-winner off of New York reliever Dellin Betances knocked in left fielder Austin Jackson, who stole second base after drawing a walk. The hit completed a dramatic comeback, which saw the Indians trail the Yankees by a score of 8-3 through five innings.
The @Indians walk off #ALDS Game 2! pic.twitter.com/JpWUh4lOZn
— MLB Network (@MLBNetwork) October 7, 2017
Want to hear Tom Hamilton's call on the radio? Of course you do!
The Indians' six-run comeback came with the stroke of three swings, the first of which was Francisco Lindor's sixth-inning grand slam to bring Cleveland within one run of the Yankees. Right fielder Jay Bruce proceeded to tie the game in the 8th inning with a solo shot, with the two teams proceeding to play four scoreless innings before Gomes' game-winning walk-off.
With the victory, the Indians take a 2-0 lead in the ALDS heading to New York for Game 3. Cleveland will get its opportunity to complete its sweep of the Yankees to advance to its second consecutive American League Championship Series on Sunday with first pitch slated for 7:38 p.m. ET.
Hartlepool isn't my home town – I was born in Heywood in Lancashire, but Hartlepool is very much my adopted town and I couldn't be prouder when I tell people where I am from.
Heywood is also called ‘Monkey Town', so it was probably meant to be that I moved to Hartlepool at the turn of the century.
I will tell the story of the other monkey legend in a future column, but I'm as keen to tell it as Hartlepool folk of the monkey hangin' legend.
I've experienced lots of emotions during the campaign, and especially on the day of the election, but it is fair to say that I've been overwhelmed by a sense of pride since last Thursday.
That pride peaked as the election result was announced at Mill House when I realised that the great people of the town had placed their trust in me and elected me as their MP.
I've had many moments of pride and pleasure in the 18 years I have lived in Hartlepool, but that was very definitely the moment for me and I don't mind admitting that I shed a tear or two.
There was without doubt a tear for my dad, Bob, who died in February and to whom I dedicated the victory. I worked throughout this campaign thinking of them and the socialist values they instilled in me from a very young age, and I know they will be looking down on me and smiling.
The feelings of elation, happiness, pride and all the other emotions that have been scrambling my brain have been slowly turning to a feeling of duty and responsibility, and I want to take this opportunity to make one thing absolutely clear – it is my duty to represent all the people of Hartlepool, no matter how they cast their votes, and I take that responsibility very seriously indeed.
I can promise you that I will work tirelessly with conviction, honesty and integrity to represent the people of this great town, and I will bang on every door possible to get help to make it prosper.
I want to see a town where everybody benefits, I want better schools for our kids, better care for the elderly and better health provision for us all. I also want to see more employment opportunities, more school training and a workforce that is rewarded with a decent living wage for a fair day's work.
Finally, I just want to say a massive thanks to all of the people who voted for me, but especially I would like to thank all of the people who worked so hard to support me during my campaign, to my family who allowed me to get on with what I had to do, my colleagues at work, and to all the Labour supporters who worked tirelessly knocking on doors, pushing leaflets through letterboxes, manning phones and working hard on social media. Thank you all.
The people of Hartlepool have placed their trust in me, I promise I won't let them down.
Keith Urban celebrated New Year's Eve with a free performance in Nashville on Dec. 31.
Before the guitar dropped (yes, Nashville drops a guitar—eat your heart out NYC), Keith performed a medley of hits in tribute to artists who died in 2016, including George Michael's “I'm Never Gonna Dance Again,” Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah,” Glenn Frey of the Eagles' “Take It Easy,” David Bowie's “Heroes,” Merle Haggard's “Mamma Tried” and Prince's “Purple Rain.”
Check out the performance below, which includes a dancing cameo by Keith's wife, Nicole Kidman.
A preliminary drawing shows how the existing Gudangaay Tlaats'gaa Naay Secondary might be renovated to include a separate kindergarten to Grade 7 wing, plus a Strong Start and daycare space in what is currently the stand-alone music room. (Haida Gwaii School District)
One school or two?
That is the big question in Masset, one week after Haida Gwaii school trustees launched a formal consultation until April 3 on whether to merge Tahayghen Elementary with Gudangaay Tlaats'gaa Naay Secondary School.
The idea isn't new — the school board first considered it 17 years ago.
What has changed is how much emptier the schools are, and how many more repairs are needed, especially at Tahayghen. There is also an expansion planned for Chief Matthews Elementary School in Old Massett and a promise, made by the B.C. NDP government just before Christmas, of $265,000 for a school-run daycare in Masset that is expected to open this fall.
“Based on feedback from the public, I think it's time to decide one way or the other,” said Superintendent Dawna Day, speaking at a Jan. 23 board meeting. A webpage inviting public feedback on the issue is now available at www.sd50.bc.ca.
Supporters of a single kindergarten to Grade 12 school in Masset say it would free up money spent on building upkeep that could instead be used to hire more teaching staff and run better programs.
Advocates for keeping two schools are concerned that younger children from Tahayghen and the daycare will be less safe at an all-ages school, especially one next to a busy gas station and two doors down from a pub.
Still others say the school board has so far failed to present all the information needed to make an informed decision, or outlined a clear plan for the community consultation.
“This is not something that's going to be easy at all,” said Harmony Williams, a trustee and chair of the school board, speaking in the packed teleconference room at GTN last Tuesday.
No one at the meeting spoke in favour of merging the two schools, though some did voice support at an earlier meeting last May.
“We understand that you're all saying ‘no,' so what's the solution?” said Williams, noting that the board hasn't made up its mind yet.
“When you've got 60 kids and a school made for 450, I mean, some of you manage funding and can see where that is going.”
“Solutions are what we're looking for.”
SD 50 Preliminary Report to Trustees Masset Schools by Andrew Hudson on Scribd
In a preliminary report to the board, Superintendent Dawna Day outlined reasons for supporting a combined school, and relatively soon.
Originally built for 450, Tahayghen has only 62 students enrolled this year, while GTN has just 93 in a space built for 350. Even if Tahayghen merged with a renovated GTN, enrolment would still be less than 50 per cent capacity — a trend that is not expected to change in the next decade.
Closing Tahayghen and moving to a newly renovated K to 12 school would save about $300,000 a year in staffing, goods and services, utilities, and other operational costs. Furthermore, the report notes that Tahayghen currently needs over $4 million in capital repairs and upgrades, not including the cost of meeting seismic standards.
“We are currently in a position where the continued operation of both schools limits our ability to support the best programs possible,” Day wrote in the report.
“If we continue discussions regarding the future of the two schools, we delay the ability to improve opportunities for students, either by putting dollars into expensive operational matters or by adding to an environment of uncertainty.”
Besides cost savings that could pay for specialist teachers such as a dedicated music teacher, Day noted all students in a combined school would have access to cooking, shop, and dedicated science classrooms.
Speaking with Teresa Downs, superintendent for the Ashcroft, B.C. school district, Day found that its board heard of the same many safety concerns about older and younger students being under the same roof before it combined an elementary and secondary school three years ago.
But the new building was designed so older and younger students did not regularly interact with each other, Day wrote, and the combined school at GTN would do the same, with separate wings for kindergarten to Grade 7 and another for Grades 8 to 12. A privacy fence would also go around the school daycare, and a safety fence around the elementary school playgrounds.
A proposed design for the new combined school shows the existing music room converted into a Strong Start and daycare space, while the GTN library would return to a gym.
“This design is certainly not final and subject to much further review and consultation with staff, students, parents, and members of the local communities,” Day wrote.
Parents and guardians question downtown location, process
At the school board meeting, parents and guardians told the board they had already rejected the idea of combining the schools before, most recently in 2011.
“Seventeen years ago, the public voted against it,” said Reg Davidson. “That was your direction, and I don't know who re-opened it.”
“We may not be allowed to have a new school for another five, six years — whatever the ministry deems — but maybe it's worth the people here holding out for a new school, instead of cramming us together,” said Johanne Young.
“Maybe you just have to wait until the option for a new school comes forward.”
Secretary-treasurer Shelley Sansome noted that the board has been applying for provincial funding to improve the schools in Masset for over 10 years, but the district won't get any such funding while it has so much unused space.
“The ministry said they're not providing us funding for these renovations, or for amalgamation, or for school replacement in Masset,” they said. “That's beyond our control. We continue to ask, we continue to apply, but they said no because of the capacity that's available in Masset.”
Tiffany Scholey cast doubt on the district's enrolment projections, but added that if the schools are combined, the elementary playground should not face busy Collison Street.
Dave Reynolds, chair of the Tahayghen Parents Advisory Council (PAC) said the key sticking point for parents is having to send their young children to a school near a busy street and pub.
“We can all agree extra money would be great,” they said.
“But we need to assess the impact of kids being in the downtown core. I'm hearing from parents this week who are already looking at home-schooling options.”
Jason Thompson, a parent and councillor with the Village of Masset, said too much of what the board has put forward is still unclear.
“We need a consultation schedule, we need an engagement plan,” Thompson said, adding that the preliminary report is missing some important information, such as over how many years the expected $4 million in repairs at Tahayghen would need to be paid.
“We need adequate information to make a decision like this, and we keep bumping up against that,” they said, noting that parents raised the same lack of information issue last spring. “There's a process issue here.”
Victoria Grosse, who is leading a community planning exercise in Old Massett, said consultation has been lacking so far.
“Just from whom I've spoke with in the community — it's threatening,” they said. “It's framed as, the school board wants to shut down our school.”
“You have these huge empty classrooms,” they said. “We have too much space — what can we do with it? I'd be more willing to talk with you about that than shutting down the school.”
FEBRUARY 14, 2017 —The Coast Guard has initiated civil penalty proceedings against Hamburg headquartered Vega Reederei GmbH & Co. KG after investigators found that around Jan. 29, 2017, while moored in Tacoma, ballast water was discharged from the the 31728 dwt bulk carrier Vega Mars without the use of a Coast Guard approved ballast water management system or other approved means.
This is a violation of the National Invasive Species Act that carries a maximum penalty of $38,175.
Initial violations were found by Port State Control examiners while they were aboard the 580-foot Liberian-flagged vessel to verify it met U.S. laws, U.S. regulations and applicable international conventions
"The Coast Guard is committed to the protection of the marine environment through strong and robust administration and oversight of ballast water management practices," said Capt. Joe Raymond, commanding officer, Coast Guard Sector Puget Sound. "These efforts are in line with the recent approval of four different ballast water management systems. These types of enforcement actions help prevent future incidents and reflect the importance of protecting the sensitive waters of the Puget Sound."
Initial violations were found by Port State Control examiners while they were aboard the 580-foot Liberian-flagged vessel to verify it met U.S. laws, U.S. regulations and applicable international conventions as per the PSC program.
It is the responsibility of vessel masters, owners and operators to ensure the proper discharge of ballast water into any water within U.S. jurisdiction, or to ensure proper waivers or extensions are processed through the Coast Guard's Office of Operating and Environmental Standards.
The Coast Guard regularly inspects vessels for compliance with the National Invasive Species Act. Since 2010, the Coast Guard has performed approximately 55,000 vessel ballast water system and program inspections, with 2,267 of those inspections within the Puget Sound.
Will Smith isn't just a box office breaking movie star and unintentional life coach — apparently, he's also the dance instructor we all need in our lives.
The Fresh Prince and their prince, Jaden Smith, had dinner with Reggaeton star Nicky Jam over the weekend and got jiggy to the star's hit single “X”.
Low key, Will has been giving us cool dance moves as long as h's been giving us good vibes. Just last month, they crossed off “getting salsa lessons from Marc Anthony” off their dance list.
But this ain't nothing new for Big Willie. Remember this epic moment from season one of Fresh Prince?
Or how about the time them and Jimmy Fallon schooled us all on the evolution of hip hop dancing:
Let's just say that when it comes to living life, Will Smith could teach all of us a thing or two. Check out more classic moves from Big Willie when you hit the flip.
1 2Next page »
Also On Magic 95.9:
TWO men arrested following a Garda seizure of heroin in Limerick at the weekend have been released without charge.
Gardai swooped to seize heroin with an estimated street value of €30,000 on Saturday afternoon in a house in Castleconnell.
The seized substance is subject to testing and analysis.
Two men, aged 24 and 28, were arrested and detained at Henry Street Garda Station in the city under Section 2 of Criminal Justice (Drug Trafficking) Act 1996
Both have now been released without charge. A file has been sent to the Director of Public Prosecutions for a decision on the matter.
Share this: Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Digg
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Category: Crime & Court, News
LAHORE - The Pakistan Automotive Manufacturers Association (Pama) has appreciated the government, BOI and MoI's efforts to attract new investment in the auto sector and has termed the newly approved Auto Policy a catalyst for attracting new entrants.
In a statement released on Thursday, the Pama DG said, “We have participated while the new policy was being formulated and have always supported entry of new investment in the auto sector; as it would help increase the market size, increase the choice to customers and above all expansion and growth would benefit everybody.”
“However, ‘the Board of Investment shall be single point of contact for the investor with the government' is the mandatory position stated in the policy and we have no role to play in a matter that is entirely business of the government,” they added.
“We understand that all the potential new investors are expected to follow the Eligibility Criterion under the ADP 16–21 and fulfil the same in the prescribed manner. Earlier, many new players have received government approval after they have set up plants while the industry, sitting in the Auto Industry Development Committee, fully supported their cases,” they added.
They said that there should be complete adherence to the policy and no deviation should be made for any specific company else the ADP will forfeit its purpose. Consistency and predictability of the policy is all that industry needs and it can only be ensured through complete adherence to the ADP, they added.
Prevail: New Film in the Making About Ethiopia's Resistance Against Fascism
The amazing story of Ethiopia's resistance against Fascist Italy's invasion. It's an epic tale of courage, betrayal, faith, love and a proud nation that refused to back down. (Photo from the book Prevail)
Tadias Magazine
By Tadias Staff
Updated: August 14th, 2017
New York (TADIAS) — The recent publication entitled Prevail — focusing on rarely told personal stories from Ethiopia's victory over fascist Italy during World War II — is now being converted into a documentary film. Written by Toronto-based journalist and author, Jeff Pearce, Prevail features profiles of heroes including Jagama Kello, Ambassador Imru Zelleke, Lekelash Bayan, Lorenzo Taezaz, African-American pilot John Robinson and Emperor Haile Selassie.
“This is our story and unless we tell it no one else is going to do it for us,” says Bereket Kelile of Sacramento, California who is helping to fundraise for the film project. “It was above-the-fold front page news in the New York Times and other big newspapers at the time, but today it's not a very well known event. The really urgent part is that there are still people alive from that era, so we are kind of racing against the clock to get them on tape. Unfortunately, we have already lost valuable people in recent years such as Jagama Kello and historian Richard Pankhurst.”
Bereket, who was born and raised in the U.S., first learned about the book after reading the Tadias interview with Jeff Pearce three years ago. They later purchased the book and wrote their own review for the website Medium that led to an introduction and friendship with Pearce.
“Jeff has done their homework,” Bereket says. “It's a well-researched book. In addition to narrating the story from the Ethiopian point of view what I like about what Jeff says is that from the non-Ethiopian perspective it's a story that's very much relevant even here,” Bereket explains. “It had an impact in this country as well. African-Americans were concerned about it and there were thousands of people in Harlem, for example, lined up to volunteer to fight for Ethiopia.”
The online fundraising page for the Prevail film project (www.gofundme.com/ethiopiawins) notes some of the few astonishing facts about the war including that “everyone from Gandhi to Trotsky, from Josephine Baker and Langston Hughes to Bertrand Russell and George Bernard Shaw, had an opinion about it; a Broadway play was shut down over it; Marconi, a Fascist, was trying to build a microwave weapon to fight the British because of Ethiopia; about 20,000 Black Americans marched on one day alone over it on August 3, 1935, and there were other massive protests in America and around the world; It inspired a 17-year-old Nelson Mandela.”
The war was full of atrocities including the massacre of “tens of thousands of Ethiopians over a three-day period, and thousands more taken to concentration camps, where about half of them died.” And finally “it ended with an astonishing rescue against overwhelming odds. A true tale of underdog victory.”
Bereket shares that their initial goal is to raise $50,000 to cover the interviews that will be conducted in Ethiopia, England and the United States as well as to pay for archival footage.
—
Click here to learn more and contribute towards the making of Ethiopia Prevails (a film).
Join the conversation on Twitter and Facebook.
An Eatonia, Sask., man who is already facing a child pornography charge is now facing more charges.
William James Winsley, 54, is facing four counts of child luring, two counts of making explicit material available to a child and one count of making child pornography.
READ MORE: Police charge Eatonia, Sask. man with possessing child pornography
Saskatchewan Internet Child Exploitation (ICE) Unit officials said the additional charges were laid after a forensic analysis of computer equipment seized at Winsley's home.
Computer equipment and storage devices were seized from their home on May 30 when they were arrested by ICE officers and charged with possession of child pornography.
Winsley was arrested on the new charges Tuesday at the Saskatoon Correctional Centre.
They appeared in Saskatoon provincial court on Wednesday and will remain in custody until their next court appearance on June 22.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The mum of inspirational Elle Morris will take part in a 65km cross Peak District challenge this weekend in memory of their ‘special little brave angel'.
Becky Whitfield says they are undertaking the gruelling trek this Saturday in memory of the beautiful 11-year-old from Aston in Nantwich, who sadly passed away in January.
Becky, who promised Elle they will continue to work for greater awareness of cystic fibrosis and raise money to help find a cure said that ‘it was such an honour to be their mummy'.
Elle – who worked closely with the Cystic Fibrosis Trust during their short life – featured in the national media when they bravely made a list of 10 wishes for their 10th birthday in January 2016.
These included meeting Simon Cowell, Olly Murs and Rita Ora, making a music video, promoting organ donation and being a princess for a day.
Elle carried out each wish and in July last year underwent a double lung transplant.
Tragically, complications set in when microbacterium abscesses, which originally infected their lungs, got into their bones. They died at Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital in January this year.
Now mum Becky, has put together a seven-person team to take part in the Cystic Fibrosis Trust's Great Strides 65 Peak District Challenge.
They said: “Waking up each morning living that nightmare and realisation again that my beautiful girl is no longer here is a constant anxiety every single day.
“The feeling is hard to describe. It's like you feel like a panic attack is happening that you are trying to stop constantly, your thoughts every day thinking of different things to distract you, keeping busy to avoid the emptiness you feel every time you picture their beautiful smile or hear their memorable laugh, or walk past their bedroom.
“The smile that you paint on your face to show people that you are doing OK. The positivity you try and embrace that gets you through the next day. Activities and events that you take part in and help out just to have a purpose.
“You can never ever heal a broken parent's heart from losing their baby, it's a lifetime heartbreak that will never go away.
“Elle is the reason I grieve, but they are also the reason why I tell myself I have to live life to the full, to learn new things, to appreciate nature, to take any and every opportunity possible, to be kind, to love, to be honest and to carry out their wishes to find a cure for cystic fibrosis, raise funds and awareness and promote organ donation.
“I am so proud of my special little brave angel and it was such an honour to be their mummy.
“In their 11 years they taught me so much more about life and how you should live, be brave, strong, independent, believe and hope and embrace everyday and special moments.
“And this is why I'm taking part in Great Strides to keep Elle's legacy and memory alive and this is just the start.”
Elle was the face of the Cystic Fibrosis Trust's Christmas campaign in 2016.
As part of this, a video was made about how Elle had written a thank-you letter to their paediatrician Dr Ravi Jayaram. This recently won silver in the national Charity Film Awards 2018.
Oli Lewington, director of engagement for the Cystic Fibrosis Trust, said: “Elle was such a special little friend to us all at the trust and they will forever be in our thoughts.”
For more information on cystic fibrosis and the work of the Cystic Fibrosis Trust go online at cysticfibrosis.org.uk. To donate money and help Becky raise money go to www.justgiving.com/fundraising/amanda-kimber4.
New this morning on their Daily Stormer site:
THIS SITE IS NOW UNDER THE CONTROL OF ANONYMOUS
WE HAVE TAKEN THIS SITE IN THE NAME OF HEATHER HEYER A VICTIM OF WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM
FOR TOO LONG THE DAILY STORMER AND ANDREW ANGLIN HAVE SPEWED THEIR PUTRID HATE ON THIS SITE
THAT WILL NOT BE HAPPENING ANYMORE
WE HAVE ALL OF THE DETAILS ON THE SERVERS AND WILL BE RELEASING THE DATA WHEN WE FEEL THE TIME IS RIGHT
WE HAVE ALSO GATHERED LOCATIONAL DATA ON ANGLIN HIMSELF AND ARE SENDING OUR ALLIES IN LAGOS TO PAY HIM A VISIT IN PERSON
THIS EVIL CANNOT BE ALLOWED TO STAND
IT TOOK A UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS FROM AROUND THE WORLD TO BREACH THE SYSTEMS AND THE FIREWALL
WE HAVE HAD THE DAILY STORMER IN OUR SITES FOR MONTHS NOW
THE EVENTS OF CHARLOTTESVILLE ALERTED US TO THE NEED FOR IMMEDIATE ACTION
WE WANT YOU NAZIS TO KNOW: YOUR TIME IS SHORT
WE WILL ALLOW THE SITE TO REMAIN ONLINE FOR 24 HOURS SO THE WORLD CAN WITNESS THE HATE
THEN WE WILL SHUT IT DOWN
PERMANENTLY
HACKERS OF THE WORLD HAVE UNITED IN DEFENSE OF THE JEWISH PEOPLE
YOU SHOULD HAVE EXPECTED US
Just in the past couple of weeks I have come across a slew of Punjabi clerics of various sects committing hate speech and incitement to violence in full public view. I was staggered by the sheer number of such incidences, but did not see any reports of these gents being apprehended to face the law. Most of these incidents happened in Punjab. What is even more shocking than their freedom to openly carry on thus when government and military establishment do not tire of telling us how effectively they are fighting the war on terror in this country through the implementation of the National Action Plan (NAP), is that they are either receiving peace awards from obscure and mysterious but government run bodies, or actually threatening and persecuting peaceful citizens with help of government machinery.
These occurrences have come thick and fast on the heels of the damning Quetta Commission Report of last month investigating the attack in August 2016 on Quetta's Civil Hospital wiping out almost the entire senior cadre of lawyers belonging to the Quetta bar and injuring scores of others. The Punjab incidents of hate speech and incitement to violence more than validate those areas of the Quetta Commission Report that hold the government criminally derelict in its duty to implement the NAP plan to target the nurturing and propagation of violent ideologies.
In one recent clip, one Khadim Hussain Rizvi, a Punjabi Barelvi cleric who travels all over Punjab addressing gatherings, is opening glorifying Mumtaz Qadri, killer of governor Salman Taseer and inciting violence against all those who still speak against the killing, or salute the slain governor, and or call for the release of the alleged blasphemer (Christian woman, Asia Bibi) the governor tried to rescue from the predatory and unfair blasphemy laws of the country. The governor's fifth death anniversary is merely two days away. Obviously, at such a time not only is they remembered, but calls to free Asia Bibi are renewed together with calls on putting fetters on these hate mongers.
In another clip Rizvi is seen openly violating the government ban on the use of loud speakers to arouse religiously motivated hate. The icing is that they are using the loudspeaker to curse government in the most violent terms for the very restriction on loudspeakers, portraying the ban as against loud praise
of the Prophet Mohammed (PBUH). They add ‘Pakistan belongs to the Prophet' (PBUH) to bolster their defiant use of the loudspeaker. However, there is no word on them being apprehended.
Another video to have surfaced is that of one Maulvi Sabir addressing a crowd in a mosque, abusing both slain Governor Salman Taseer and their son Shaan who had issued a video statement on Facebook wishing everyone a Merry Christmas and bidding everyone to keep in their thoughts at this time ‘especially those unfortunate people who had become victim of religious extremism and Pakistan's inhuman blasphemy laws'. The vitriol of Sabir flays Shaan in the most violent and abusive terms.
Shortly thereafter, video evidence emerged of a large crowd of clerics from the Sunni Tehreek (ST) led by Maulana Mujahid Abdul Rasool Khan, President ST Lahore Division, having surrounded the Station House Officer (SHO) of a local police station in Mughalpura, Lahore to have a case registered against Shaan Taseer for their Christmas video message. The video of this occurrence is eye opening. Punjab Police known for its arrogance and rudeness towards ordinary citizens, has its SHO standing respectfully and listening meekly to this large crowd of clerics, murmuring their agreement with all they say and promising to revert soon to meet their demands.
The application the Sunni Tehreek submitted for registering a case against Shaan Taseer is instructive: it ‘accuses' Taseer of calling Section 295(c) (of the blasphemy law) inhuman; of praying for Asia Bibi and other ‘gustakhan-e-rasool' (blasphemers, but literally means those who disrespect the Prophet); of Shaan being a ‘gustakh' (blasphemer) for having prayed for a blasphemer and having sympathy for a blasphemer; of having hurt Muslims' religious sentiments by calling 295 (c) inhuman.
Before I move forward, it is important to understand the cunning of the Sunni Tehreek. The Blasphemy Law consists of four sections. Section 295, deals with defiling places of worship with a two year sentence, Section 295 (a) deals with malicious acts intended to outrage religious feelings with 10 year imprisonment, Section 295 (b) deals with defiling etc. of the Quran with life imprisonment, and Section 295 (c) deals with disrespect of the Prophet Mohammed and a mandatory death sentence. Shaan had only referred to ‘the inhuman law', not to any specific section of the law. But Sunni Tehreek's complaint deliberately and falsely focused on 295 (c) so as to have a case registered against Shaan Taseer under Section 295 (c) that mandates death, not just by the state but also by to lynch crowds.
Barely twenty four hours had passed during which this video of Sunni Tehreek clerics pressuring the police was making the rounds of social media, invoking outrage at the audacity of the terror tactics of the Sunni Tehreek, that the bombshell came of a case actually having been registered against Shaan for hate speech under Section 295 (a). The fact that the police managed section (a) instead of section (c) is a small mercy in these dark times. But in the mind of the ordinary man on the street who does not know the technicalities, this would hardly matter. For the multitudes, Shaan is now a blasphemer, a ‘gustakh-e-Rasool'.
Human rights activists are reeling in disbelief. Far from arresting and prosecuting the violent extremists, the state has registered a case against a peace monger. This is the not only reason the civil society says the National Action Plan (NAP) is napping. However, the best is yet to come.
Only a few days ago a photo emerged on Social Media of the Federal Minister for Religious Affairs presenting a ‘peace award' to Masroor Nawaz Jhangvi at a gathering of the National Peace Council. Masroor Nawaz Jhangvi is son of Haq Nawaz Jhangvi, the anti-Shia cleric who founded the Sipah-e-Sahaba, and Masroor is themselves a virulent anti-Shia hate spewing cleric who happens to be on the fourth schedule of the Anti Terrorism Act. The dysfunctionality of the NAP is further demonstrated by the fact that they were cleared by the Election Commission of Pakistan to contest elections for the Punjab Assembly from Jhang. They went on to contest and won the seat on 1st December 2016, backed by the banned Ahle Sunnat Wal Jamat (ASWJ), another sectarian terror organization. In just one of the ASWJ rallies at Rahim Yaar Khan, Masroor Nawaz Jhangvi is on record as having said that Sunnis were allowed to declare Shias as non Muslim, before glorifying Malik Ishaq and Ghulam Rasool Shah of Lashkar-e-Jhangvi (LeJ) and vowing to continue their mission of killing Shia Muslims and threatening the DPO of Rahim Yaar Khan and the entire Police Department to never oppose ASWJ and never support the local Shia population.
When I checked to see what the National Peace Council was (the organisation that awarded Jhangvi the peace award), what were its mission and activities and for what exactly it had given the award to Masroor Jhangvi, I found its full name to include in smaller script ‘for interfaith harmony of Pakistan'. Its website is npc.gov.pk i.e., having a government domain name, with absolutely no information on its activities or how it promotes interfaith harmony. The ‘news', ‘events' and ‘gallery' tabs contain nothing. One of the two tabs that contain anything is the ‘our team' tab which provides pictures and names of large central and provincial teams. The other ‘Broshar' (brochure) tab also contains several names and pictures. But the first page of the brochure has only two pictures, with Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah on top, and ex-COAS General Ashfaq Pervaiz Kyani beneath. I have yet to discover the services Mr. Jhangvi was awarded for.
Rest in pieces National Action Plan.
Posted On October 6, 2017 By Mark White
A Williamsburg woman, who allegedly killed their husband and their two teenager daughters while they slept in January, is getting a new attorney.
Courtney Taylor, 41, is charged with three counts of capital murder in the Jan. 13 shooting deaths of Larry Taylor, 56, Jesse Taylor, 18, and Jolee Taylor, 13.
Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty in their case.
Roger Gibbs, who headed the Kentucky Department of Public Advocacy's regional office in London, had been serving as an attorney for Taylor since shortly after their arrest.
However, Gibbs filed a motion to be relieved as counsel of record in the case on Sept. 18 noting that they planned to retire from the Department of Public Advocacy on Oct. 1.
Special Judge Jeffrey Burdette signed an order on Sept. 28 allowing Gibbs to withdraw from the case.
Ron Findell, a long-time public defender assigned to Whitley County, will continue representing Taylor.
Burdette noted in their order Thursday that Teresa Whitaker would be entering their appearance and joining Findell as Taylor's legal counsel.
Taylor, who has been housed at the Kentucky Correctional Institution for Women at Pee Wee Valley, had been scheduled for a pre-trial conference this past Friday in the case, but Burdette postponed that hearing until Nov. 1 at 9 a.m.
They ordered that Taylor be transported to the Whitley County Detention Center this past Friday in order to meet with their new attorney for one hour in a secure area of the facility.
Burdette's order calls for the commonwealth attorney's office to provide defense attorneys with estimated time frames relevant to all matters of discovery, including the not limited to coroner's reports and lab results prior to the Nov. 1 hearing.
Taylor is scheduled to stand trial on April 16, 2018. There are no indications whether their trial may be delayed due to the change of defense counsel.
Two weeks have been set aside for the trial.
Courtney Taylor is also charged in a separate indictment with two counts of first-degree wanton endangerment for pointing a 9mm handgun at Whitley County Sheriff's Deputy Jonas Saunders and Sgt. James Fox, who responded to their residence to investigate the shooting.
Saunders shot them twice with their service weapon when they allegedly pointed a gun at him. Courtney Taylor was in the hospital for about two weeks before being released and taken to the Whitley County Detention Center.
They were later transferred to the Kentucky Correctional Institution for Women at Pee Wee Valley, which is a women's prison with a hospital unit.
According to the Whitley County Detention Center's website, Taylor was transferred there Thursday morning and as of Tuesday morning was still lodged there.
 They are being held in lieu of a $1 million bond. So far defense attorneys haven't filed any motions for a bond reduction in the case.
NOTICE OF HEARING
In re the Trustee's sale of the real property of KRISTINA M. ANDREWS, Clark County Superior Court
No. 17-2-01200-2.
To: KRISTINA M. ANDREWS and all other interested persons.
Please take notice that on FRIDAY, JULY 27, 2018, at 9:00 am, Bethany Technologies, Inc., shall present a Motion for Order of Disbursement seeking a court order disbursing funds now held in the court's registry under the above-mentioned case number. All responsive documents must be served on the parties and filed with the Clark County Clerk no later than WEDNESDAY, JULY 25, 2018.
/s/ David M. Newman, WSBA #24113, Attorney for Bethany Technologies, Inc, PO Box 7328, Bellevue WA 98008-1328. Phone: 425-748-5200.
David M. Newman The Rainier Law Group, PLLC PO Box 7328, Bellevue WA 98008-1328
Phone: 425-748-5200 Email: newman@rainierlaw.com
May 25 Jun 1, 8, 15, 22, 29 2018
Comments
comments
Rick Green graduated from local football in Scunthorpe to join the Iron as a professional during the mid-1970s.
Later they returned to play non-league in this area, as well as developing their cricket and golf.
Playing well against Chesterfield in the first round of the FA Cup earned striker Rick a transfer to Saltergate just a couple of months later.
That was back in the 1976/77 season after the Iron had been beaten 2-1 by their Derbyshire opponents.
A late entrant into the professional game with their home town team, Rick wasn't bothered about playing football when they left school.
As a boy they had always been a keen United fan – and was more interested in watching the team than playing himself.
Noddy Neale and Barrie Thomas were among their favourite players and they were at the Old Show Ground when the latter scored five goals against Luton in 1965.
It was Bob Fenwick, the long-serving head groundsman at Appleby-Frodingham's Brumby Hall venue, who persuaded Rick to start playing for the works club.
While with the Steelmen they soon made their mark as a young striker with an eye for goal.
They gained trials at Lincoln City alongside fellow App-Frod players Keith Store and Phil Neale.
Phil was signed by Imps' boss Graham Taylor, who grew up in Scunthorpe, and Rick might have joined them but for sustaining a knee injury in a game against Hull which kept them out of action for 13 weeks.
Scunthorpe United stalwart Don Welbourne suggested Rick should try their luck with the Iron when Dickie Rooks was manager at the Old Show Ground.
They scored in a trial game and was offered a contract.
Their debut was against Swansea in a 2-0 defeat at the Vetch Field, but Rick quickly established themselves as an ever-present in the side, scoring 15 times in 39 games that season.
In February 1977 they signed for Chesterfield, the fee being £23,000.
Two notable Scunthorpe United figures of the future were at Saltergate when they arrived.
Frank Barlow was the coach and a young Steve Cammack was playing on the wing.
After scoring 13 times in 45 league appearances for the Spireites, Rick moved to Notts County, the transfer fee being £40,000.
But they only managed six starts and three further appearances as a substitute before being sidelined by a groin injury.
By the time they were fully fit again, County were on their way to promotion into the First Division and Rick was unable to win their place back.
They jumped at the chance of a return to the Old Show Ground, manager Ron Ashman splashing out £25,000 to bring them home in September 1979.
Their first match back was at home to Bournemouth and the Iron won 2-1, with Rick and Steve Earl getting the goals.
A back problem finally brought Rick's professional career to an end in 1981.
They had scored 38 times in 137 league appearances for Scunthorpe.
Rick returned to local non-league football, playing initially for Barton Town and Brigg Town.
They also enjoyed many years in local cricket and attended golf meetings organised for Scunthorpe United players of the past.
Friday, October 06, 2017
Weather forecast update at 5:30pm:
Welcome to your weekend! In the wake of a cold front Friday evening, we will see variable cloud with sunny breaks on Saturday. However a slim chance of a shower will remain in the forecast for the valleys, and a moderate chance of a shower will remain in the forecast for areas near the mountains.
We will dry out and brighten up for the rest of the Thanksgiving long weekend when high pressure rebuilds.
This weekend's daytime high range: 10 to 15C
We will have the rest of your weather details coming up at 5pm, 6:30pm and 11pm – Hope you can join us!
~ Duane English / Wesla Wong
Workers of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf and Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz clashed amid polling in Punjab Assembly's constituency 23 in Talagang, Chakwal.
A polling agent was injured and a polling station destroyed in the clash at UC Thoha Marham Khan, reported Waqt News on Tuesday.
The voting began at 8am and ended at 5pm. Apart from the clash, no disturbance was reported. At least 258,079 people, including 121,152 women, exercised their voting rights.
PTI candidate Colonel (retired) Surkhuro Awan and PML-N candidate Malik Shahreyar Awan among other candidates are contesting for the provincial seat.
ledbulbs-1 does not belong to any Nations, yet.
About Articles: 1 Seeds: 9 Comments: 1 Since: Jun 2016
We're are a nation of TV watchers, and a new survey has found comedy is always what has kept us glued to the small screen.
A poll by galabingo.com asked UK viewers for their favourite TV moments, from the 70s till the present day, and while soaps, reality TV and even this decade's more highbrow winner figured strongly, it was sitcoms which took the bulk of the votes. 167 scenes from Only Fools and Horses being nominated, the Trotters coming top of the poll in two decades.
Now that Miami is set to open the postseason in Pittsburgh might the Dolphins starting quarterback return to lend a spark?
Ryan Tannehill is three weeks removed from a Grade II MCL sprain and partially torn ACL suffered in the team's Dec. 11 victory over the Cardinals.
Coach Adam Gase acknowledged Monday that Tannehill wants to play versus the Steelers, but cautioned that the injured QB1 will have to show that he's ready on the practice field before receiving the green light for Sunday's game.
In order to play Tannehill over veteran backup Matt Moore, Gase emphasized, via the Miami Herald's Barry Jackson, "I'm going to have to feel really good about this."
Reading the tea leaves, it sounds like Gase is prepared to go with Moore even if he's holding out faint hope that Tannehill will beat their recovery timetable.
If Tannehill does make it through practice unscathed, it presents an interesting conundrum for Gase.
Moore cost the Dolphins a pair of field goals with poor throws in the halftime two-minute drill at Buffalo two weeks ago. Their inability to stretch the field beyond 15-20 yards contributed to the offense's poor showing in the Week 17 loss to New England.
On the other hand, Tannehill isn't fully healthy. Can they pull off an upset over the scorching Steelers if their pocket movement is compromised by the knee sprain?
Don't expect Gase to make an announcement on Tannehill's status until late in the week. In the meantime, we are operating under the assumption that Moore will be leading the offense into Pittsburgh.
New York Yankees' Didi Gregorius, right, celebrates with Aaron Judge after hitting Gregorius hit two-run home run against the Minnesota Twins during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in New York. Julie Jacobson AP Photo
Following Monday's deadly van attack in Toronto leaving 10 dead and 15 injured, experts say many children will have questions about tragedies.
Child psychologist Dr. Jillian Roberts, founder of parenting resource website Family Sparks, says if a child does have a question about what happened, set aside time to talk in person.
“Try not to handle this quickly in passing, by FaceTime or on the phone. Talk to your child in person to establish the right atmosphere to have a proper conversation.”
During a court appearance on Tuesday, the suspect, Alek Minassian, 25, was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder after driving a rental van down a busy sidewalk.
READ MORE: Feeling distressed or scared after Toronto's van attack? Here's how to get help
Roberts adds it's a parent or guardian's responsibility to validate any emotions the child is expressing, and this can range from anger to sadness to confusion.
“There is no right or wrong way to react to a situation like this.”
WATCH: 10 dead, 16 injured in Toronto van attack
Toronto van attack witness says ‘bodies flew through the air' as van drove down sidewalk 01:33 Toronto van attack witness says ‘bodies flew through the air' as van drove down sidewalk 00:55 Trump and Macron offer their support to Canada following Toronto van attack 02:01 Toronto van attack: Father of suspect Alek Minassian leaves court 03:18 The Police Officer who didn't shoot 01:12 Wynne says Ontario's resources being provided for Toronto van attack response 01:04 Mayor says van attack won't shake Toronto's ‘special' way of life 00:34 National threat level unchanged following Toronto van attack: Trudeau 00:32 Toronto van attack suspect transported to make 1st court appearance
According to a statement by the Toronto District School Board to Global News, support will be available to students and staff at Earl Haig Secondary School, which is located near the scene of Monday's attack.
The school also confirmed they're not aware of any students being injured in the attack.
“First, we want to extend our thoughts and condolences to all of those impacted by yesterday's events on Yonge Street. At the TDSB, we have provided principals with resources that can be helpful in a school setting to engage students and staff who have questions or need to share their emotions or thoughts about this tragedy,” a statement said.
The TDSB's professional support service staff have also released tips for parents on how to have these tough conversations with their children.
“Out of respect for the victims and their families, we have lowered our flags at all Board offices and schools.”
Asking questions
And when a child does ask a question, Roberts continues, thank them.
READ MORE: Feeling distressed or scared after Toronto's van attack? Here's how to get help
“Make sure they know it is OK to ask questions. Answer their questions in a ‘just enough' way. Do not speculate in any way, stick to the facts that are known. Sometimes, kids ask the same question over and over. This is OK. Be patient. It is their way of processing the information.”
Sometimes parents will get asked, “why do bad things happen?” If this is the case, it's OK to admit you don't know the answer to this question.
“I find it helpful to respond with something like, ‘There are both good people and bad people in the world. I believe that there are thousands times more good people than bad.'”
READ MORE: In the wake of the Toronto van attack, good deeds surge. You can help too
Lauren Millman of Lauren Millman Counselling and Psychological Services in Thornhill, Ont., adds depending on the child's age, parents should be mindful how their child reacts to Monday's incident.
“Their perception of the event is going to vary from child to child, even in the same family. Maintain your composure and listen to the child,” they tell Global News. “Be mindful of the language you are using … you don't want to further scare or traumatize the child.”
Millman says if your child is asking questions about the suspect in particular, it is important to remind them this was an individual attack, and the suspect is now with police.
“It's important [to note] bad things do sometimes happen and it does not mean all people are bad, and certainly not all men who are 25,” they continue. “It doesn't cross any culture or colour barrier or means it is going to happen again.”
Moving forward
Children also need guidance on how to identify helpers, Roberts adds, and this is when parents can talk about first responders and health-care workers.
“Show children all the good people helping right now.”
Millman says some children may not bring up the topic at all, and if this is the case, parents should let their child know they are available whenever they are ready to talk.
“Everyone processes trauma and grief differently, if your child isn't bringing it up, it doesn't mean they don't want to talk about it … it is their process of sorting.”
And most importantly, tell your child they are safe.
“Explain how the police officers caught the person responsible very, very quickly,” Roberts says.
READ MORE: First of 10 victims killed in Toronto van attack identified as Anne Marie D'Amico
“And, how our amazing police officers are doing everything they can to keep our communities safe and secure. Maybe even send a thank you note or a tweet to your local police department to say ‘thank you!'”
arti.patel@globalnews.ca
Follow @ArtiPatel
Here we are on Monday again: August 14, 2017, and it's one week till the big solar eclipse. It won't be total in Chicago (though it will be downstate), but it'll be pretty good, and I hope it's not cloudy that day. If you live in the U.S. and want to see how the eclipse will look from where you live, go here. Here's what the near-totality will look like in Chicago (it also gives time lapse views, so you can know when to start looking):
August 14 is National Creamsicle Day, a favorite treat of my youth (it's a bar of vanilla ice on a stick, but covered by what seems to be orange sherbet). I don't know if they even make them any more, but given that they're still the subject of a holiday, I expect they do. It's also Independence Day in Pakistan, celebrating the Partition that occurred on midnight of that day (the midnight spanning the 14th and 15th).
On this day in 1935, Franklin D. Roosevelt signed the Social Security Act, a blatant act of socialism (which some seem to forget), creating a government pension for all people who had worked. On August 14, 1945, Japan accepted the allied terms of surrender (it was August 15 in Japan), and the formal surrender took place September 2 on the U.S. battleship Missouri. Here's a photo of the formal surrender:
Exactly two years later, Pakistan became independent from the British Empire. On August 14, 1975, The Rocky Horror Picture Show opened in London, starting the longest run of any motion picture in history. In 1980, Lech Wałęsa led the famous strike at the shipyards in Gdańsk, Poland—a place I'll visit on my trip in September (the city, not the shipyards).
Notables born on this day include John Galsworthy (1867), Lina Wertmüller (1928), David Crosby (1941), Steve Martin (1945), Gary Larson (1950), Emannuelle Béart (1963), Halle Berry (1966), and Tim Tebow (1987). Those who died on this day include William Randolph Hearst (1951) and Bertolt Brecht (1956). All biologists (and many others) love Larson's cartoons, and it's very sad that they hung up their pen. Here's one of my favorites; feel free to insert yours below (you can see many cat cartoons here):
Meanwhile in Dobrzyn, Hili senses the onset of winter, a season they hate:
Hili: I can imagine that. A: What can you imagine? Hili: Winter and snow. A: But you prefer summer. Hili: Yes, imagination spoils all pleasure.
In Polish:
Hili; Mogę to sobie wyobrazić.
Ja: Co takiego?
Hili: Zimę i śnieg.
Ja: Ale ty wolisz lato.
Hili: Tak, wyobraźnia psuje całą przyjemność.
In southern Poland, Leon and their staff returned to the same place in the mountains that they hiked last winter. But now there is no snow, and Leon kvetches:
Leon: How many changes there have been here!
Yesterday it was hot in Winnipeg, and Gus was snoozing outdoors in the heat:
Finally, Matthew Cobb sent a tw**t showing a video of a rare but beautiful leucistic (not albino) moose in Sweden. I hope the hunters leave it alone!
MOOSE NEWSFLASH: Rare white moose spotted in Sweden pic.twitter.com/7xFciJq2T6 via @BBCWorld / Be safe, you beautiful moose! #LLAP — Kathryn Brusco (@KathrynBruscoBk) August 13, 2017
According to the information given through a new research, breaking the myth of an appropriate diet a pizza slice might be much healthier then a bowl of flakes or any other type of cereal.
As per the Chelsey Amer who is a registered dietitian, a slice could be a more balanced breakfast option than most cereal because it has more protein, more fresh ingredients, and less sugar than cereal.
According to her, despite being a breakfast staple, most commercial-brand cereals lack nutritional value, and don't contain enough protein or healthy fats.
Amer goes on to say that having pizza just might provide a strong balance of protein carbs and fats unlike many popular cereals that contain the same amount of calories in a candy bar.
While talking to one of the leading daily, protein which will keeping a person full and boosting satiety throughout the morning.'
A single serving of Frosted Flakes contain 110 calories, 0 grams of fat and 10 grams of sugar.
In facts, a study by Consumer Report found that, depending on the size of the bowl, most people eat up to 132 percent more than a single serving.
Meanwhile a slice of cheese pizza contains an estimated 272 calories, 12 grams of protein, 10 grams of fat, and 4 grams of sugar.
Avalanche Canada is warning skiers and sledders that good intentions to help those in trouble may have tragic consequences, after a snowmobiler was killed in an avalanche near Valemount, B.C. on Friday.
In a post written Saturday, Avalanche Canada warning service field programs manager Ilya Storm wrote 90 to 95 per cent of avalanches that kill people are triggered by the person themselves or someone in their group.
“What happened [Friday] in Clemina Creek's Morning Glory Bowl is consistent with this picture,” Storm wrote. “Our preliminary analysis is that one person was dealing with their stuck sled, two people were riding above, quite possibly coming to assist their buddy, and one of those three people triggered the fatal avalanche.
“All three were caught, one was on the surface, one partially buried, and the person who lost their lives was fully buried.”
READ MORE: What causes avalanches?
Mounties received a report Friday of a man who had been caught in an avalanche while on a snowmobile in the area of Clemina Creek, a popular recreation site southeast of Valemount, a B.C. town west of Jasper National Park.
Robson Valley search and rescue manager Dale Mason told Global News Monday someone on scene activated a SPOT beacon, which sends a signal notifying authorities. The other two people involved rode out of the area uninjured, they said.
Due to avalanche conditions, officials weren't able to send a helicopter crew from Jasper National Park to recover the body until Saturday, Dec. 31.
Watch below: Efforts were underway Dec. 31 to recover the body of a snowmobiler killed in a slide near Valemount, B.C. Global's Kristen Robinson has more on what safety officials are saying.
Avalanche forecaster Storm said their intention wasn't to cast blame in writing Saturday's post, but instead “to identify a recurring pattern and try to break the chain of events.”
They offered the following tips for people during the sledding season:
Riders:
If you're in avalanche terrain and stuck, expect to dig and get yourself out—by yourself.
Recognize there are better or worse times—and places—to get stuck.
“I like it when I anticipate and avoid a dangerous situation before it actually happens,” they wrote.
Group members:
Watch from safe spot off to the side and well back, out of harm's way.
Give the rider time to sort it out by themselves: 10 minutes? 15 minutes? Longer?
Plan how to help the rider if required: send in only one person and keep spotters watching – they're the potential future rescuers; consider how to approach (from below or the side, not from above, avoid the steepest terrain, avoid likely trigger points, manage terrain traps, etc.)
Spectators:
Sledding is a social sport with big groups, many groups riding the same areas and the ability to cover a huge amount of terrain in a short time. People shouldn't ride the same or closely connected slopes when someone's stuck, regardless of whether they're part of your group or not.
“The past is behind us and there's no undoing yesterday's accident and today's sadness; only time will help with that,” Storm wrote. “But how do we build situational awareness and develop practices that can help prevent something similar from happening tomorrow?”
Storm invited people to send their thoughts on their question to istorm@avalanche.ca.
With a file from Jon Azpiri
KHYBER AGENCY:- The Khasadar force foiled a bid of smuggling fertilizers from Pakistan to Afghanistan by recovering huge quantity of it from a truck here at Torkham border on December 31st.
The political administration official told on Sunday that Khasadar personnel stopped an Afghanistan-bound vehicle loaded with tomatoes for routine checking. During the search, 400 bags, each containing 50 kilograms of fertilizers, were recovered concealed under tomatoes boxes.
LAHORE - Members of the Gold & Gems Art Promotion Council of Pakistan (GGAPCP) have unanimously elected Muhammad Ahmad as its president for the year 2017-18 and Rana Muhammad Aamir Saleem as its general secretary.
The council's spokesperson said that the election process was completed before September 30, and all its office-bearers and executive committee members for the next year were elected unanimously. A ten-member executive committee was also elected unanimously in these elections, which has business people associated with gems and jewellery sector from different cities of the country.
Speaking on the occasion, newly elected President Muhammad Ahmad vowed to continue the struggle to get the place for gems & jewellery sector in the national economy which it deserves.
Serge Bueno Creates Restoration Art With The Majestic Bernadet
Serge Bueno has an affinity for the 1930's ‘majestic' motorcycle craze, but no one was expecting that particular interest to result in such a beautiful madness. This is the Majestic Bernadet, an incredible motorcycle influenced by the art deco movement and restored into a fully-functioning example of automotive art.
Originally designed by Georges Roy, an engineer with a distaste for popular tubular frames, this classic bike features a monocoque chassis with sheet steel, that also housed the drive train. It was revealed at the 1929 Paris Motor Show, and it was immediately declared a success even though the sales in the next couple of years weren't as great as expected.
This modern-day revival of the classic motorcycle was inspired by a bike that was part of Serge Bueno's family for more than three decades. The two-wheeler required quite a lot of work and attention to detail before ending up looking like this. Putting its rusted bodywork back together was a real challenge, because there were no parts available from the manufacturer – photographs had to do.
Nonetheless, this bike is dropping jaws left and right, with the French bike specialist Bernadet adding a special touch as well. As you have probably noticed by now, the bike is joined by a charming sidecar that helps the biker to share this wonderful experience with someone close. Would you like to go for a ride?
The City School (TCS) partnered with two-time Oscar winner, Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, to launch their second animated film, 3 Bahadurs 2. Special screenings of the movie have were arranged for TCS students across Pakistan in Islamabad, Lahore and Karachi from 9 to 12 January, 2017. Over 1200 TCS students from the Northern region eagerly gathered in Islamabad and Rawalpindi at the Centaurus and Cinepax theaters for the movie. TCS students travelled from Peshawar, Nowshera, Abbottabad and Chakwal to join their school fellows in Islamabad and Rawalpindi for the screenings.
The original 3 Bahadur (three brave ones) was launched in 2015. It was the first installment in the 3 Bahadur franchise. The film is co-produced by Waadi Animations which is a joint-venture of SOC films and ARY Films. After the success of 3 Bahadurs at the box office it's sequel was officially announced by Director Sharmeen Obaid. Talking about the film, Ms. Chinoy said, "3 Bahadurs was a very special project for me because it inculcated a sense of pride and ownership in Pakistani children. Now, with 3 Bahadur Parts 2, I want to make sure that Saadi, Kamil and Amna inspire bravery and fearlessness in every child across the country."
There was a lot of anticipation for the sequel of 3 Bahadurs, The Revenge of Baba Balaam, which stars Fahad Mustafa and Sarwat Gillani. TCS students from excitedly described their favorite superheroes in the movie. Noor Fatima Zaka from TCS Town Girls branch really enjoyed the movie and said, “We should have more events like this because such films raise awareness amongst students. My favorite character was Kamil because they were helpful and they came to the aid of their friends”.
As a leader in education The City School encourages innovation and new teaching methodology. 21st century students no longer feel yesteryear's blackboard learning interesting. With the rise of new evolving technologies and trends, the method of learning must also change according to the new generation. Learning through animation is the way of the future, it entertains and lures children to watch and learn. Animation films are the ideal convergence of education and entertainment.
Published in Young Nation magazine on January 21, 2017
When your kids go off to college this fall, you want them to be prepared to succeed. College can be an intimidating new environment that is difficult for many kids to handle. Jumping into independence can be a challenge when you have never been far away from home. But equipping your children with the right technology sets them up to do their very best.
With summer just beginning, it may seem premature to talk about back to school preparations. But as we know all too well, these summer months blow by and we are usually left scrambling to catch up. Plus, you should give yourself plenty of time to find the right technology. Many people don't realize it, but the details matter. Be sure to evaluate the call support provided by the gadgets or apps you choose. If they have a company like ATS Digital Services, founded by Robert Deignan, you can rest assured that any questions your student has will be answered quickly.
College can be challenging, but you can equip your child with some great technology to make the experience a little easier. Here are five gadgets to help your child get the most out of college.
1. Wireless Noise-Cancelling Headphones
It's not hard to imagine how noise-canceling headphones can come in handy at college. Let's just say college dorms aren't always the most appropriate environments for studying. Distractions are hiding around every corner, but with noise-canceling headphones, your child will feel like they are in their own world.
While libraries usually provide a nice place for peace and quiet, you'll want your student to be able to study anywhere at any time. Libraries aren't always open all night and might be a significant walk for your student. Set them up to study anywhere they please.
Bose and other reputable brands make great products that allow the headphones to easily sync with a smartphone. That means students can listen to podcasts as they walk from class to class or while lying in bed in the dorm room. Bose are so comfortable they can wear them all day and remain comfortable. They are great for extended study sessions in the dorm or at the library.
2. Tablet/Laptop Hybrid
You'll want your young student to have an up-to-date laptop when they arrive at school. Tablet/Laptop Hybrids give the student the best of both worlds because they are easy to carry around while remaining user-friendly. A giant laptop can be an imposition to carry to class or use to take notes. Tablet/Laptop hybrids have detachable keyboards that make taking notes in class a breeze.
In the dorm room, your student can use the keyboard to type up a paper and lay in bed with the tablet and review notes or read chapters from the book. E-books are often cheaper than hard copies and a lot less work to lug around. Many tablet/laptop hybrids give students the capability of making notes right on the screen with a connected pen.
Moreover, most tablet/laptop hybrid sellers will have good customer support. Check that they can leverage the remote login, like Robert Deignan's tech experts at ATS Digital Services do.
College courses are becoming more and more electronic. Books and homework material are often available online. Give your student a leg up with an easy-to-use hybrid. There are a lot of options out there for your laptop/tablet needs. You'll want to shop with the student so that you can figure out together which version will best suit their needs.
3. Wearable Fitness Tracker
Academic excellence and good health go hand in hand. And there is a simple reason many incoming students gain weight when they get to college. Most college students get significantly less sleep than when they are home. Food is usually eaten buffet style at a cafeteria. As we all know, alcohol consumption is likely to go up. Add in that many high school athletes stop being as active in college and the whole college experience is a recipe for weight gain.
A wearable fitness tracker provides your student with the tools to stay fit. Its features are designed to help people stay healthy by raising awareness and pointing out deficits. A typical wearable will track heart rate, sleep quality, calories burned/steps taken. And it can all sync automatically to your smartphone. Knowledge is power, and a wearable is a great way to help your student stay aware and on top of their health.
They're also just a cool tool. Students can avoid disturbing their roommate by setting an alarm that vibrates on their wrist until they wake up. And they can sync the tracker with their phone, so they can see all their messages and calls right on their wrist. Some are even waterproof. If there's ever any issues, your wearable provider should have call support that solves any issue at any time. If you're lucky, they'll have hired Robert Deignan and their team of experts at ATS Digital Services.
4. Somnox Pillow
The importance of sleep is difficult to overstate. Sleep is absolutely essential to the development of a young mind. Information is processed and made sense of while you sleep. Not only that, but a good night of sleep prepares you to be focused the next day. We all know how difficult it is to be at our best after a poor night of sleep.
Unfortunately, college is not an environment that's conducive to a good night's sleep. This is of particular concern since students are expected to give so much effort throughout the day. Fight back by giving your college student all the tools to get the best night of sleep possible. The Somnox Pillow was designed to help people get to sleep faster and to sleep longer and deeper.
The robot pillow does this by expanding and contracting in a way that simulates deep slow rhythmic breathing. The robot influences your own breathing when you hold it. This helps you fall asleep faster and sleep deeper. The slow rhythm sends a signal to your brain that it can relax. The end result is waking up clear, fresh, and ready to take on the day.
5. Dorm Fan
Simple but essential, a dorm fan is a must-have for any new college student. A hot dorm room can be the peak of misery. We've already addressed how important sleep is and lower temperatures are more conducive to falling asleep and staying asleep. Moreover, nobody likes to study in a warm room. Make sure your student can keep their room at a pleasant temperature. Their roommate will thank you too!
Conclusion
Robert Deignan and the experts at ATS Digital Services have been in the business of providing technical customer support for many years. With remote login, live chat, and more, Robert Deignan has set up a company that serves all of your tech support needs. Make sure any gadget you purchase is backed by a professional team of support experts like those at ATS Digital Services.
WASHINGTON D.C., United States – The Canadian government is signalling the approach it intends to take should Donald Trump make good on their promise to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Canada's ambassador to the U.S. is laying out some starting principles such as co-operation instead of confrontation.
READ MORE: Donald Trump's policies could hurt some Canadian provinces more than others
In a lengthy interview, David MacNaughton expressed their desire to see the countries propose common-ground, common-sense ideas that improve the old agreement instead of flinging out hardball demands that could produce deep, drama-filled bargaining.
“We have done an extensive amount of work (to prepare for this),” MacNaughton said in the year-end interview. “We have a good sense of what would be in Canada's interest….
“(But) the areas we need to focus on — and I think we are focusing on — is where is it not just in Canada's interest, but in Canada and the United States' interest…
“I think if we're just blatantly trying to push something that works for us but doesn't work for them, that's not going to be… quite as easy.”
There's already enough potential for trade tussles with the incoming Trump administration.
They include the incoming president's vow to fight certain tax policies of other countries; their preference for Buy American restrictions on infrastructure projects; the ongoing softwood lumber dispute; and increasing anger from U.S. dairy producers over Canadian import restrictions.
Aware of the irritants that could erupt in 2017, the Canadian government has already begun reaching out to potential U.S. allies to bolster its public advocacy on some of these issues including Buy American.
But the government wants to avoid having irritants inject uncertainty into discussions about the trade treaty that governs the region where Canada sells more than three-quarters of its exports.
MacNaughton wouldn't elaborate on the specific improvements they have in mind, saying they want to avoid negotiating in public.
They did confirm one potential change: to professional visas.
WATCH: Unpacking the politics: What lies ahead for 2017?
International businesses have complained about an out-of-date visa system that creates unnecessary red tape when employees travel across the border for work. When asked about visas, MacNaughton confirmed that was the type of mutually beneficial upgrade they favour.
It's also unclear what the incoming administration actually wants from Canada — Trump almost never mentioned the northern neighbour during the campaign, even as they railed against NAFTA.
MacNaughton said he's received some encouraging signals about its attitude toward Canada.
They said he's had positive conversations with people close to Trump, including their pick for attorney-general, Jeff Sessions, and incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, who attended a White House correspondents' dinner party at the Canadian embassy.
The Trump team's complaints about trade tend to involve currency manipulation, dumping of steel, cheap labour, trade imbalances, and low environmental standards that make it hard for U.S. companies to compete.
“None of those things apply to Canada,” MacNaughton said. “I think they see us as pretty much the good guys, rather than the bad guys in terms of trade.”
This raises a question about the other North American amigo: Mexico, which has been a frequent target of Trump's. That question is, would Canada seek to renegotiate NAFTA as a trilateral block, or cut Mexico loose and try getting a better result by dealing one-on-one with the Americans?
MacNaughton said they couldn't rule out either possibility: “The reality is that we will do what is in Canada's interest,” they said. “(But) we don't have exclusive control over whether or not the Americans want to have trilateral conversations or bilateral conversations.”
READ MORE: Canada should take nationalist position with Trump administration: expert
As for the upcoming irritants, the Canadians have begun a pre-emptive pushback.
They've been warning American interlocutors about potential damage should Canada be included in two of Trump's campaign policies: Buy American infrastructure restrictions, and tax changes Trump's team wants included in trade deals.
On Buy American, MacNaughton says their team has been talking to the United Steelworkers union which has members in both countries, and whose president is Canadian Leo Gerard, in the hope of getting an exemption for Canadian steel — like the one eventually worked out between Stephen Harper and Barack Obama following the 2009 U.S. stimulus bill.
They've warned Americans they've talked to that penalizing Canadian steel might threaten co-operation in international forums, where Canada and the U.S. work together to fight product dumping.
“They can't put up barriers to importation of steel in the United States and expect us to be working with them, hand in glove, to prevent abuses from third countries. So we've made that point.”
On taxes, Trump's platform accused foreign countries of using value-added taxes as a backdoor tariff on American-based companies, offering export rebates that render the U.S. firms less competitive and entice them to move offshore.
MacNaughton says the government has already begun warning Americans that conversation risks a slippery slope. They said anything that would increase taxes on Canadian exports would be worrisome, and would hurt U.S. consumers.
“I think the thing that we've pointed out to any of them when we've talked about this is, ‘I'm not sure that you want to put an import tax on energy.' I'm not sure U.S. consumers would think very highly of that; same for products that go back and forth across the border more than once. I'm not sure you want to tax that.”
So what do they want to see from the next U.S. administration?
MacNaughton goes right back to the original point: “Make NAFTA work better, rather than throw out the baby with the bathwater.”
It's not easy being Montreal Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin.
Granted, that's if you take away the huge salary and one of the most sought-after jobs in hockey, but that's unfortunately the point: If you look at the on-ice product, he's not doing their job, not well anyway.
Out of Bergevin's Control?
Nothing is going right for the guy, to the point that even the things out of their control, like the salary cap, seem to be blowing up in theirs face. For example, if reports the cap could increase to up to $82 million for the 2018-19 season are true, it won't matter how confident owner Geoff Molson is in the team's embarrassing cap situation.
Currently boasting the eighth-lowest overall hit in the league, the supposed-cap-team Canadiens might have been hoping that the space they have currently would end up paying dividends this summer. Maybe they have their eyes on John Tavares, for example (they allegedly do). However, the higher the cap goes up, the more space every other team will have too. So, if you're Tavares, do you go with the Canadiens offering you as much money as they absolutely can, or a team that is closer to a championship that can offer you the exact same amount?
There comes a point where cap space is like water. The more you have, the less valuable it becomes. For the Habs, that point came, oh, around a few games into the season, once it became clear they could not compete as a budget team. And now they're drowning in it.
In Fairness to Bergevin
To be fair, Bergevin has abstained from making moves out of desperation to eat up the cap space they do have. To be just as fair, failing to re-sign Andrei Markov this summer was a giant miscalculation, one made disrespectfully according to reports.
Signing Markov, even for one year, would have filled up the No. 2 spot on the team's woefully undermanned defense. Instead, Bergevin opted to stick to their guns and not give in to the 39-year-old's admittedly high demands, disregarding their undeniable value to the team the previous season. They instead went with the now-40-year-old Mark Streit on the cheap, disregarding their lack of value down the stretch to the Stanley Cup-champion Pittsburgh Penguins. It didn't work out so hot.
It's quasi-admirable that Bergevin wanted to maintain some semblance of a pay structure by not setting a precedent and giving too much to a defenseman hypothetically on the verge of retiring. Three things wrong with that strategy, though:
You had (have) the cap space to sign them and then some. There's no point saving space for a rainy day, if they're all rainy, at which point there won't be much you can do to use it up at the trade deadline. Bergevin's pay structure went up in smoke the second they decided to trade two 2016 second-round picks for Andrew Shaw and sign them to more money than Brendan Gallagher.
Even if you want to argue the Habs couldn't have made use of the likes of Alex DeBrincat (21 points in 30 games this season) and Chad Krys (or, alternatively, Samuel Girard), Bergevin also blew their pay structure out the window with the Jonathan Drouin signing.
Drouin vs. Sergachev
Instead of signing Drouin to a bridge deal like they did P.K. Subban and Alex Galchenyuk out of their entry-level deals, Bergevin showed them the money right away. Admittedly, Drouin's six-year, $33 million deal is decent value. It looks bad only when you consider Bergevin had to give up defenseman Mikhail Sergachev to acquire him.
Not only would Markov have helped to bring Sergachev along this season and groom them to take over that No. 2 spot beside Shea Weber, but Sergachev currently has more points than any Habs defenseman… bar none. In fact, Sergachev has more points than any Habs player (20 compared to Gallagher's 19).
You can definitely argue it's an unfair comparison, because Sergachev probably wouldn't have nearly as many points as a Canadien, just as Drouin would probably have more as a member of the Atlantic Division-leading Tampa Bay Lightning.
The Price Is Wrong
However, the Canadiens were meant to contend this year and be one of the top teams in the entire league, before Carey Price's new, cap-space-crippling extension kicks in next season to the tune of $10.5 million per. It's only logical that the more money you give one player, the less you'll have to build around him.
Of course, maybe that's a moot point now, not just because of the excess space the Habs have, but also the horrible season Price is putting together (8-9-2 with a 3.16 goals-against average and .899 save percentage). With Price getting older, and the Habs committed to them financially over the next nine seasons, up until he's 39, it's looking increasingly unlikely that the Habs can compete over that same time span.
At least the deal is not as long as Weber's, which will pay them an average of $7.86 million until 2026, which is ironic. That trade is arguably the point at which Bergevin's tenure went to hell, but Weber is really the only recent major acquisition/ signing of theirs that has come as advertised.
If you look at how the trade is working out for the Nashville Predators in comparison though, it doesn't really matter how great Weber is playing. The Predators are coming off a Stanley Cup appearance, with Subban playing a starring shutdown role all the while (in spite of all the ill-informed shade thrown their way with regard to their defensive play).
Subban remains one of the key cogs on a legitimate Cup contender this season. It's easy to look at the Predators and wonder what might have been for the Habs. I mean, it's probably hard for Bergevin, but, again, everything seems to be these days.
The U.S. government's ethics watchdog urged the White House to investigate and possibly discipline President Donald Trump‘s counsellor Kellyanne Conway for comments they made about Ivanka Trump's fashion line, according to a letter made public Tuesday.
The Office of Government Ethics wrote to White House attorneys that there was reason to believe that Conway violated the standards of ethical conduct for executive employees by endorsing the president's daughter's products during a television interview last week.
The government ethics office's recommendation was the latest in a series of complications for Conway.
#BREAKING: U.S. Office of Government Ethics Calls on White House to Discipline #KellyanneConway pic.twitter.com/nixmDhMc6Q — House OversightDems (@OversightDems) February 14, 2017
Just Monday, Conway said in a television appearance that National Security Adviser Michael Flynn had Trump's full confidence, hours before Trump fired him. Over the past few weeks, Conway has also referred to a “Bowling Green Massacre” that never occurred, and they were caught up in a public feud with news network CNN, which said it decided not to have them on a Sunday show.
Asked about Conway's remarks on Flynn, White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Tuesday that Trump's decision to ask for Flynn's resignation unfolded over time. “It was an evolving and eroding process,” Spicer said. “Once (President Trump) has determined they have made the decision on any subject, that's when they inform the staff. So, going into the day, it was an evolving situation.”
Conway has said they misspoke about the massacre and disputed CNN's characterization of why they didn't appear on their show, saying they were unavailable. In an interview on NBC's “Today” show on Tuesday, Conway denied that their comments about Flynn's future were inconsistent with their standing with Trump, saying “both were true.”
The comments that got Conway in hot water with ethics officials came during a Feb. 9 interview on Fox News.
Appearing from the White House briefing room, Conway urged viewers to “go buy Ivanka's stuff” before adding that they were going to “give a free commercial here. Go buy it today everybody, you can find it online.”
The comments came a day after Trump tweeted that they believed their daughter had been treated “unfairly” by the department store Nordstrom, which had recently dropped the fashion line. The company has said the decision was not political, but was based on declining sales.
READ MORE: Kellyanne Conway's endorsement of Ivanka Trump's fashion line ‘flippant': Trump aide
In the letter to the White House, Walter Shaub, the director of the government ethics office, wrote that Conway's comments appear to be a “clear violation of the prohibition against misuse of position.”
Spicer, the White House spokesperson, said last week that Conway has been “counselled” about their comments, but the government ethics office said it has yet to receive any guidance on what if anything happened as a corrective action. The White House didn't immediately respond to questions sent via email Tuesday.
The letter notes lawyers for the White House and the government ethics office spoke on Feb. 9, the day of Conway's interview, and that Rep. Jason Chaffetz, the Utah Republican chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform committee, and Rep. Elijah Cummings, the committee's ranking Democratic member from Maryland, asked OGE to follow up. Chaffetz has said that Conway's comments were “wrong, wrong, wrong” and “clearly over the line.”
The government ethics office is requesting that White House lawyers tell them in writing by Feb. 28 what they've done about Conway's comments. The office advises executive branch officials on abiding by ethics laws and rules but doesn't have investigative or enforcement authority.
Troopers pursued vehicle stolen from Toombs Co.
Claxton City Hall sustained minor damage after 38-year-old Pembroke resident, Wayland Hodges, crashed into a brick decorative wall while fleeing in a stolen vehicle from a GSP trooper Friday evening, Sept. 29. The chase reached speeds of 114 mph.
Hodges wrecked into another vehicle on Hwy. 280 E. near Church Street. Their vehicle then hit a curb and jumped the railroad tracks onto W. Railroad Street where they came to a rest after hitting the brick walkway at City Hall.
Hodges rear ended a Crown Vic on 280. Dana Capron, a Claxton resident, was driving the car. Brittany Meadows, also a local resident, was a passenger in the car. Capron was transported to EMH. Meadows was sent to East Georgia Medical Center with a neck injury.
For more on this story, subscribe today! Give us a call at 912-739-2132 or set up your online account at www.claxtonenterprise.com. This week's edition of The Claxton Enterprise can also be purchased at any local convenience store.
• • •
From staff reports
Comments
comments
Pro Football Hall of Fame running back LaDainian Tomlinson has had their finger on the pulse of the franchise for many years, and it could be argued that no one within (or close to) the organization apart from quarterback Philip Rivers understands what tight end Antonio Gates wants to do as a free agent than he.
“I believe the only place Antonio wants to play is the Chargers,” Tomlinson said on SiriusXM NFL Radio, per Pro Football Talk. “I think they have the mind frame of ‘if I go play its gonna be for the Chargers; if it's not the Chargers, then I'm good; I won't play.”
Gates was let go earlier this offseason given the fact that they will be playing the 2018 campaign at 38 years old as well as the emergence of the young, although oft-injured, TE, Hunter Henry. But with Henry going down for the season with an injury and Los Angeles featuring a player who has only been a backup TE in Virgil Green on the roster, it seemed like a no-brainer that Gates would re-sign quickly.
Several weeks following Henry's injury and Gates still sits on the free-agent market. Which seems to back Tomlinson's position on the legendary TE only wanting to close their career out with the Bolts, or nowhere.
The good news for fans who hope to see Gates re-join the team for the 2018 season is the fact that they can successfully come into training camp and/or midway through the preseason, and be fluid in the system and with their chemistry with Rivers. That means that even if negotiations drag, Gates should still be a contributor Week 1 for the only team that they have only known in their professional career should the two teams finally reach an agreement.
Share:
MIRPURKHAS: Citizens staged a protest against unannounced power breakdown in the city and other areas of the district on Wednesday.
They said that power supply was suspended without any announced schedule resultantly, people even in hot days faced great hardships. Business activities were suspended while water supply was disrupted to the city from water supply schemes, they added. Social and religious circles as well as civil society have strongly condemned the unannounced power breakdown even in severe hot days.–Staff Reporter
They demanded the Hesco to take immediate notice into this matter and ensure removal of breakdown and unannounced loadshedding without any delay otherwise masses would be compelled to launch massive protest campaign against the Hesco officers.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 5:59 pm |
One of the drafts. (Kedem Auctions)
YERUSHALAYIM - An Israeli court has ruled that it is legal to trade in drafts of the country's Declaration of Independence, the latest stage in a two-year legal battle over the right to buy and sell them, Haaretz reported on Monday.
The documents, privately owned by sons of attorney Mordechai Beham, who was given the job of composing the historic statement on the eve of the establishment of state of Israel in 1948, were put up for auction in 2015.
However, state attorneys stepped in to stop the Kedem auction house in Yerushalayim from offering them for sale, claiming that they belonged to the state, not Beham's inheritors, since they wrote them in the course of their work as an employee of the government-to-be. They argued that the papers belonged in national archives due to their historical value.
Beham's sons countered that their father wrote the drafts as a private citizen on a voluntary basis for future Justice Ministry, and that in the intervening years any statute of limitations on the state's claim would have passed.
On Monday, Yerushalayim District Court Judge Tamar Bazak-Rappaport upheld the sons' right to sell the documents and ordered the state to pay their court costs and those of the Kedem auction house, amounting to a total of 50,000 shekels ($13,948).
The case has been carefully watched by archives, museums and scholars for its potentially precedent-setting importance regarding the question of the rights of a state to “nationalize” held in private hands.
In their decision, Bazak-Rappaport said that regardless of whether Beham was a “civil servant” at the time or not, which remained unclear, the state did not automatic rights to any documents in private possession.
“I don't think that a reasonable employer insists on receiving everything an employee writes in their own home on their own time,” they wrote, no matter how important or historic the work involved.
However, the owners cannot do whatever they please with such documents. In light of their historic value, the judge conditioned the ruling on the Beham's son's commitment to selling them only to a buyer who would in turn commit not to remove them permanently from the country or give them to any entity except a public institution, a museum or an exhibition in Israel.
These first drafts of the Israeli Declaration of Independence are by no means the only such documents which the State Archive would like to wrest from the possession of civil servants who have taken their work home. For example, Ariel Sharon, who as prime minister reportedly kept many such documents at home. The state has recently been in negotiations with Sharon's sons for acquisition of those papers for the Archive.
Toronto FC's captain Mike Bradley said Monday that they would enjoy the MLS Cup win for “a little bit longer,” and then would “get back to work” to win again in 2018.
Dennis Edwards, off-again-on-again lead vocalist of The Temptations, passed away on Friday at the age of 74. According to their family, the soul singer was in Chicago at the time of their death, just one day ahead of their 75th birthday.
Born in Birmingham, Alabama in 1932, Edwards was originally with The Contours. They joined The Temptations after they fired David Ruffin in 1968, replacing Ruffin's falsetto with Edwards' grittier, lower register. Edwards' presence helped guide the group towards a more soulful, bluesy sound that led them to their most successful tenure at Motown. They recorded with The Temptations from 1968 until 1976, appearing on such songs as “Cloud Nine”, “Papa Was a Rollin' Stone”, “Ball of Confusion (That's What the World Is Today”, and “Don't Let the Jonses Get You Down”. The former two tracks scored the group Grammys.
When The Temptations left Motown for the Atlantic in 1976, Edwards parted ways with the group — for the first time. They rejoined them when they returned to Motown in 1980, singing on that year's hit “Power”. When Ruffin came back in 1982, Edwards stayed on, turning The Temptations into a seven-man group. They had another hit record with that year's Reunion, featuring the Rick James-produced “Standing on the Top (Part 1)”. They left again in 1984, attempting to launch a solo career that spawned the hit “Don't Look Any Further”, a duet with Siedah Garrett. Hip-hop fans may be familiar with the song via its sampling by Eric B. and Rakim on “Paid in Full”, 2Pac on “Hit ‘Em Up”, and Junior M.A.F.I.A.'s Notorious B.I.G.-featuring “Gettin' Money”.
Edwards returned to The Temptations in 1986 for a brief stint before their final run from 1987 to 1989. That year, they were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with five other members of the group. Later in life, they teamed with Ruffin and former Temptation Eddie Kendricks for a tour called “Tribute to the Temptations”. The use of the band's name sparked a legal battle between Edwards and Otis Williams and Melvin Franklin, two members who actually owned the Temptations name. An injunction was put in place in 1999, though Edwards was still able to tour under the name The Temptations Review with Dennis Edwards.
Thousands of Iowans are likely headed to a gym today in hopes of keeping a New Year's resolution to exercise and lose weight. Studies suggest around 80-percent of those people will fail or quit exercising by March.
Alison Phillips, an assistant professor of psychology at ISU, has studied the behaviors of people who've been able to develop and maintain exercise as a habit. They suggest newcomers to exercise should choose an activity they might come to enjoy — even if that's not the case at first. “Know that, with practice, you will come to like it more. That's the good news, but it's not going to be easy to develop the habit,” Phillips says.
“The benefit of habit is once you have it, that is what's easy to maintain. It's still going to be tough at first, but choose something you find relatively enjoyable and know that the more you stick with it initially, the more you're going to come to like it.”
Some people may never come to “enjoy” exercise, but Phillips suggests there are byproducts they might appreciate. “Stress reduction is a form of enjoyment, at least the way I'm speaking about it. So, you might not love your exercise, but if you feel better – less stress – while you're doing it, that counts,” Phillips says.
Phillips' study involved monitoring the activity levels for people just starting to work out along with those who had been exercising regularly for at least three months. The results were published in the journal Sport, Exercise and Performance Psychology.
Email Address: Password:
Enter your user name and password in the fields above to gain access to the subscriber content on this site.
Your subscription includes one set of login credentials for your exclusive use. Security features have been integrated on this site: If someone signs in with your credentials while you are logged in, the site will automatically close your ongoing login and you will lose access at that time.
To inquire about group subscriptions or an enterprise site license for your organization, contact Tracy Bumba.
If you feel your login credentials are being used by a second party, contact customer service at 877-615-9536 for assistance in changing your password.
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
With US markets closed for Independence Day, the big bears just might take a break from growling about the many headwinds that stocks are facing.
This one in California was just spotted relaxing in a hot tub and sipping a margarita.
But as the bears like to point out when they are not chilling, this July 4 sees the US government locked in a worrisome trade fight with the country that's aiming to become the world's No. 1.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Officials from Lebanon's Shi‘ite parties Amal and Hezbollah visited a mainly Christian district of Beirut on Friday to help defuse tensions ignited this week by a row involving the country's president and the parliamentary speaker.
Lebanon's Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil, the son-in-law of President Michel Aoun, enraged supporters of Shi‘ite Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri, when they were heard in a leaked video calling Berri “a thug”. Bassil and Aoun are Maronite Christians.
Demanding an apology, supporters of Berri and their Amal movement staged protests in various parts of the country.
The standoff threatened to inflame sectarian violence and paralyse the government in the run-up to legislative elections in May, the first since 2009 after parliament extended its own term three times.
But Aoun spoke by telephone with Berri on Thursday, and the standoff eased further on Friday with a meeting between the Shi‘ite officials and members of Aoun's Free Patriotic Movement (FPM) in the mainly Christian district of Hadath, on the southern outskirts of Beirut.
“The situation has returned to normal after lessons were learned from recent events,” Aoun said on their official Twitter account on Friday.
Commenting on the talks in Hadath, FPM lawmaker Alain Aoun, a nephew of the president, said: “Our meeting today is a message countering all that happened in recent days. It is also a message to (Speaker Berri) that their dignity and ours are one.”
CALL FOR UNITY
George Aoun, Head of Hadat Municipality, Ali Bazzi, an Amal lawmaker, and Hezbollah parliament member Ali Ammar are seen in Hadat, on the southern outskirts of Beirut, Lebanon February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Mohamed Azakir
At a joint news conference, lawmakers from Amal, Hezbollah, and the FPM called for national unity and religious tolerance.
Amal distanced itself from the protests of the past few days, which saw some supporters set tyres ablaze, block roads and fire guns into the air, leading to the deployment of troops in Hadath on Wednesday to prevent violence.
“Everybody knows the Amal movement has nothing at all to do with what has happened,” Ali Bazzi, an Amal lawmaker, said.
“And we have the courage the morality... to apologise publicly for any offence that affected the Lebanese on the ground,” they added.
The FPM says Bassil has already expressed regret over their remarks, and that it regards the issue as over. Berri has previously said Bassil should apologise “to the Lebanese people” for their remarks.
Berri has accused Aoun of exceeding their powers at the expense of other sects.
The latest standoff has again exposed the fragility of Lebanon's faction-based politics.
Lebanon's system of government aims to maintain a balance between the country's many religious sects, who fought a 1975-1990 civil war. Berri and Aoun, both now in their 80s, were civil war enemies.
Iran-backed Hezbollah's links to Berri and Amal run much deeper than its political alliance with the FPM.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Chancellor Angela Merkel and their defence minister on Wednesday vowed to continue boosting German military spending after years of cutbacks that have reduced military readiness and drawn the ire of some NATO partners, including the United States.
German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen and German Chancellor Angela Merkel attend a CDU board meeting after the Schleswig-Holstein regional state elections, in Berlin, Germany, May 8, 2017. REUTERS/Fabrizio Bensch
Merkel told lawmakers they welcomed increases already planned in military spending, but said it was “certainly not sufficient” when compared to the percentage of gross domestic product other countries spent on their defences.
To catch up, Merkel and Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen have pledged to boost German military spending to 1.5 percent of GDP by 2024. Both said they remained committed to achieving the NATO target of spending 2 percent at a later date.
“It would be reckless not to prepare for alliance defence,” Merkel told lawmakers.
Germany will boost military spending in 2019 by 4 billion euros to 42.9 billion euros, its fourth successive year increase, von der Leyen told lawmakers. They said the increase would amount to a 30 percent increase from 2014 to 2019.
By 2024, German military spending would have increased 80 percent, von der Leyen said.
The 2019 increase brings German military spending to 1.31 percent of economic output up from 1.24 percent, although the longer-range plan calls for the percentage to drop back to around 1.23 percent by 2022.
Von der Leyen said Germany could be proud of its contributions to the NATO alliance despite recent “tweets and letters” - a reference to recent missives from U.S. President Donald Trump rebuking key allies for spending too little on their militaries.
Trump will tell fellow NATO countries at next week's summit that the United States cannot be “the world's piggy bank,” White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley said on Tuesday aboard the presidential aircraft Air Force One.
“That's gotta stop,” Gidley told reporters as Trump flew to West Virginia.
Von der Leyen noted that Germany is the second largest net contributor for NATO command structures, and said it was the only country from continental Europe to lead a battalion in eastern Europe as part of a NATO programme initiated after Russia's annexation of the Crimea region of Ukraine.
Von der Leyen also rejected media reports suggesting that the United States was planning to pull troops out of Germany, adding, “There is no evidence whatsoever that there are plans to withdraw troops.”
HOUSTON -- Jadeveon Clowney is not expected to participate in the Texans' organized team activities, but coach Bill O'Brien there is "not really" any concern that the outside linebacker is missing time.
Clowney had a minor arthroscopic surgery on their left knee in January that forced them to miss the Pro Bowl, according to NFL Network.
"I think [Clowney is] doing OK with the medical team, trying to get better," O'Brien said Wednesday. "He's in the meetings. I think he's progressing."
O'Brien said that while they don't expect Clowney back on the field before the end of OTAs in mid-June, they see training camp as a target for Clowney's return.
The No. 1 pick from 2014 is coming off the first 16-game season of their first four years in the NFL. In 2017, Clowney had a career-high 9.5 sacks, 59 tackles and two forced fumbles.
Clowney is set to play next season on their fifth-year option, although Texans general manager Brian Gaine said last month that they are "optimistic" the team will be able to sign the outside linebacker to a long-term contract.
Yelp is releasing a new feature with the simple, self-explanatory name Questions and Answers.
Well, mostly self-explanatory. This is distinct from Talk, a feature where Yelp users can ask an incredibly broad range of questions (as I write this, the New York page currently includes conversations about the travel time to the airport, when it's legal to kick out a roommate and The Bachelorette).
Instead, these are questions and answers tied to a specific venue, a focus that could make this stand out from other Q&A products. For example, you could ask how long visitors normally stay at the Kennedy Space Center or if a bar allows dogs or about pricing at a tattoo parlor, then get answers from other users, or from the business owner themselves.
Users can upvote and downvote the answers based on how helpful they are, and they can also sign up for notifications whenever a specific question gets answered.
Product Manager Brian Boshes described this as “great, Yelp-y content” that can help people find the information that's important to them (which might be mentioned in some reviews, but could be tough to find). They also noted that this is a “potentially limitless way” for someone who's a supporter or fan of a business to stay engaged with their Yelp page — they can't keep posting reviews, but they can keep answering questions.
Lastly, Boshes said this provides valuable data for Yelp about what users are looking for. If people keep asking about something (say, the kid-friendliness of a restaurant), then it maybe it's time for Yelp to add that as a piece of information in every profile.
Yelp ran a limited pilot of this feature late last year and is now rolling it out nationwide on iPhone, Android and desktop. You'll see the Q&A section pop in above the review section of Yelp profiles.
Featured Image: Yelp
The most fascinating player on the Saints is angling to get back in the lineup sooner than later.
Running back Alvin Kamara told reporters Monday they expect to be good to go for Sunday's home game against the New York Jets, per Josh Katzenstein of The Times-Picayune.
Kamara suffered a concussion on the opening drive in Thursday night's loss to the Falcons. They never returned, but the late-week tilt gave the rookie sensation an extra three days to heal.
We should know more about Kamara's status on Wednesday, when the Saints issue an official injury report. The 5-foot-10, 215-pound runner has yet to be officially cleared, but their words are encouraging for a team that desperately needs their gifts.
While Drew Brees and their flock of targets -- Michael Thomas, Brandon Coleman, Tommylee Lewis and Ted Ginn -- moved the ball against the Falcons, the attack wasn't the same without Kamara slicing up the defense by land and through the air.
The Saints still have Mark Ingram on the ground, but their pairing with Kamara is on pace to break records and a primary reason the Saints loom as a legitimate Super Bowl contender. Getting them back on the field together can't come soon enough.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):In-charge Central Election Cell, Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) Taj Haider on Wednesday said that Bilawal Bhutto Zardari was set to launch aggressive election campaign in Punjab from early next week.
“The campaign will start from South Punjab and Bilawal is likely to address different rallies at different places including Sadiqabad, Bhawalpur, Multan and other major cities and towns,” they said while taking to APP.
Taj Haider said that Chairman PPP was addressing mammoth public rallies in Sindh, used to take over 16 hours instead of planned period of only three hours due to overwhelming response from the public.
To a question, they said that free, fair and transparent election was not the responsibility of PPP and demanded the concerned authorities to conduct fair and transparent polls.
They said that PPP had endured many times rigging in general election but always tried to support continuity of democracy in the larger interest of the country.
LOS ANGELES – As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesperson Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
READ MORE: ‘Firefighting at Christmas' may become normal in California, officials warn
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Gusts of up to 64 kph are expected through Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
WATCH: New wildfire breaks out in California hills, prompts evacuation
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 699-sq. kilometre fire that started Dec. 4 in neighbouring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
READ MORE: Firefighters had to step aside as winds powered infernos
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
WATCH: Wildfires continue to rage in California with no end in sight
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
WATCH: Wildfire in Ventura County, California continues to scorch land overnight
In San Diego, which is 209 kilometres to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 per cent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
READ MORE: California wildfires: This is what they look like from the International Space Station
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training centre, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes – most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smoulder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed their car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
WATCH: First death reported as a result of raging California wildfires
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighbourhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
—
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in Fallbrook and Brian Melley and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
AFRIN, Syria (Reuters) - A day after Turkish troops and their Syrian rebel allies seized control of Afrin, a Turkish aid group started distributing relief supplies in the town centre on Monday, but residents continued to leave after widespread reports of looting.
Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army members celebrate in Afrin, Syria March 18, 2018. REUTERS/ Khalil Ashawi
Triumphant Syrian rebel fighters stood on a fallen statue, firing shots in the air, while military vehicles patrolled streets still littered with the debris from Turkey's eight-week offensive to drive out Kurdish YPG fighters.
Shops were closed and some people left for villages outside Afrin, the main town in a pocket of Kurdish-controlled territory in northwest Syria. One resident said the Turkey-backed Free Syrian Army rebel fighters who swept into Afrin on Sunday morning had been looting shops and homes.
“The Free Syrian Army came and entered into Afrin and supposedly we were going to be safe. But it turned out to be the opposite,” said the man, who did not give their name.
“The Free Syrian Army looted our cars, looted our houses, looted our shops. It has become like we are all homeless (even) in our houses. No food, no drink, no security.”
Syria's foreign ministry, in a letter to the United Nations published by state media, said Afrin residents' belongings were looted and their houses destroyed in the Turkey-led campaign.
An FSA spokesperson in the region was not immediately available for comment.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan's spokesperson said Ankara was taking reports of looting in Afrin seriously. “We are looking into the incidents. Apparently they have happened. Some groups apparently did not follow the orders that were given by their commanders,” Ibrahim Kalin told CNN.
Turkish-backed Free Syrian army fighters ride on a back of a truck in Afrin, Syria March 19, 2018. REUTERS/Khalil Ashawi
Another man in Afrin, loading mattresses, carpets and other goods onto the back of a tractor trailer, said their family moved to the town from Bulbul, 30 km (20 miles) away, when Turkey launched its air and ground offensive in January.
“The bombardment started so we fled to Afrin. Now we are returning from Afrin to our home because it's safer,” they said.
Slideshow (2 Images)
The United Nations said two thirds of 323,000 residents had fled the wider Afrin region since the start of Turkey's campaign to drive out Kurdish YPG fighters, who it says are an extension of Kurdish militants waging a prolonged insurgency in southern Turkey.
It appealed for urgent supplies to “stem the catastrophic situation” for tens of thousands of people in Afrin and in Ghouta, where Syrian government forces are fighting to crush the last major rebel-held enclave on the edge of the capital.
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) called on Monday for greater access to the civilian population of Afrin, saying that Turkey's Red Crescent lacked credibility among the Syrian Kurds after the Turkish military operation.
Turkey, however, has promised to support people in Afrin and on Monday its emergency relief agency AFAD was distributing aid in the centre of the town.
“Since yesterday when the Turkish Army and Free Syrian Army entered here our duty started for the humanitarian affairs,” said AFAD's director Mehmed Gulluoglu.
“Today we are here for need assessment and also for the first distribution. We are distributing food, hygiene kits and some prepared food and some blankets any case.”
Chicago Blackhawks goalie Jeff Glass, right, looks back as Calgary Flames' Sean Monahan scores in overtime of an NHL hockey game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Calgary, Alberta. The Canadian Press via AP Jeff McIntosh
A parliamentary committee studying Canada's slumping media industry will reportedly call for a five per cent tax on broadband Internet services to boost a sector struggling to adapt to technological changes and evolving consumer habits.
The Globe and Mail, citing Liberal and opposition sources, says the new levy is at the core of a majority report of the Canadian Heritage Committee to be released on Thursday.
The sources spoke on condition of anonymity as the report is not yet public.
READ MORE: ‘Anne With an ‘E': Netflix renames Canadian classic
They said the proposal would add hundreds of millions of dollars in revenues to the Canadian Media Fund, which already receives a levy on cable bills to finance the production of Canadian content.
Under the new proposal, say the sources, an additional tax would be levied on broadband Internet providers and would ideally apply to high-speed Internet services that allow for the streaming of music, movies and TV shows, but not to slower and less costly services.
One source told the newspaper that revenue generated by the current cable levy is no longer sufficient in an age of cord cutting and “over-the-top” services that stream content over the Internet.
READ MORE: YouTube TV: Google's new streaming service includes 40 channels for $35 per month
The Heritage committee has spent more than a year studying the industry, which has been steadily losing advertising revenue and market shares to online giants such as Facebook, Netflix and Google.
The Sources said while MPs of all stripes acknowledge the shaky state of the media in Canada, they disagreed on solutions, with the Conservatives refusing to sign on to the majority report.
Liberal MP Hedy Fry, who is chairperson of the Heritage committee, refused to comment on the content of the report on Wednesday, stating only that it will be “interesting.”
Giants 101 provides 24/7 obsessive sports coverage of the New York Giants as a part of Sports Media 101 . For news, op/ed, game reviews, team updates and even rumors you will find all of it on Giants 101. Have an opinion - join the discussion and drop a comment. If it's about the Giants, it's on Giants 101.
Glenn Beck and the Blaze have filed a countersuit against Tomi Lahren, pushing back against their claim that they were fired for their pro-choice views.
Instead, in their lawsuit filed in Dallas County Court in Texas, Beck and their media company say that their employment agreement “remains in full force and effect,” but they say that the suspension of their show in March was due to “divisive” employment conduct.
Lahren sued earlier this month for wrongful termination, claiming that they were fired after an appearance on “The View” in which they expressed pro-choice beliefs. They also said that they were shut out of their social media accounts.
“TheBlaze supports its employees' expression of their opinions and did not take issue with Lahren's comments simply because they expressed a pro-choice viewpoint,” Beck and the the Blaze said in their counterclaim. “Her comments were shocking and disappointing because they demonstrated Lahren was uniformed and unprepared to speak on those issues. In addition, their comments were inconsistent with positions they had previously expressed.”
Beck and the Blaze also said that Lahren's comments were “offensive” to many of the Blaze's supporters and followers “because they imply that only a hypocrite would believe in the Constitution or conservative values but not be pro-choice. Because Lahren is closely associated with TheBlaze, their statements also reflected negatively on TheBlaze's reputation.”
But they outlined a series of reasons for deciding to suspend Lahren's show for one week, and for their intention not to renew their contract beyond September.
Among other things, they say that their treatment of the floor crew on their show was “inappropriate and unprofessional,” as they were “constantly complaining about everything including but not limited to lighting, room temperature, editing, shooting, directing, etc.”
They claim that they would not work with one of two full-time makeup artists, “which resulted in a report to the human resources department.”
They say that their “word choices on air had to be addressed repeatedly for bordering on the profane.”
They also say they violated their employment agreement by disclosing the dollar value of their wardrobe allowance without their approval. According to their counterclaim, they had signed a non-disclosure agreement.
The Blaze also said that they continue to have access to their email and social media accounts, and that they have “taken no action to block them from using them — as can be demonstrated by their continuous Twitter stream and Instagram posts.” Although the Blaze contends that it owns a Facebook page for their use, the idea that they were blocked from using it was “false,” they said in their counterclaim.
Lahren's attorney did not immediately return a request for comment.
The Blaze and Beck are seeking a temporary restraining order and injunction that would bar Lahren from making any public appearances without their approval, and from making any unauthorized statements about their employment there, along with any disparaging or negative comments. They say that Lahren has to comply with such restrictions as part of their employment agreement.
Lahren claims that after the March 17 appearance on “The View,” they were informed that they were suspended, and several days later got another call from human resources that their employment contract was terminated although they would continue to be paid.
In an appearance on ABC News' “Nightline” last week, they said that their lawsuit “was about someone who had an opposing viewpoint that has been silenced and sidelined and thrown away.”
The suit claims that employees of the Blaze even stretched yellow caution tape on the door to their office and dressing room.
A few years ago, no one would've predicted a sequel to Pacific Rim, Guillermo del Toro's sweet, exciting homage to classic sci-fi, but Universal's commitment to making it happen has been carried through with the release of the action epic's first trailer.
John Boyega stars as a commanding Jeagar, whose rousing speech to their troops underscores footage of new, monstrous robots and a few familiar faces in Charlie Day and Rinko Kikuchi. Director Steven S. DeKnight seems to have upheld the original film's milieu while also bringing some of the breakneck magic he's infused into Netflix's Daredevil. Watch it above.
Despite earning $414 million worldwide, the film's $111 domestic haul fell below expectations, especially when factoring in its $190 million budget. While it's exciting to see a sequel, a franchise isn't likely unless this one really knocks it out of the park.
This trailer follows a clever teaser that debuted at Comic-Con and reintroduced us to the world via a “Jaeger Uprising Recruitment Video.” Scott Eastwood, Jing Tian, and Cailee Spaeny co-star in the film, which hits theaters on February 23rd, 2018.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel attends a budget debate at the German parliament, Bundestag, at the Reichstag building in Berlin, Tuesday, Germany, July 3, 2018. Markus Schreiber AP Photo
In April, legendary composer Hans Zimmer will kick off their first-ever US tour, which includes an appearance at Coachella. In anticipation, they visited the Late Show with Stephen Colbert on Valentine's Day for a rare late-night TV appearance.
Zimmer performed music from their original score to BBC America's Planet Earth 2. They were accompanied by Jasha Klebe and Jacob Shea, both of whom worked with them on The Dark Knight trilogy and the nature documentary series. Replay the performance above.
(Read: Coachella's 2017 Lineup: One Day Later)
Zimmer's tour kicks off April 14th in Los Angeles, right before they head to Indio to perform for the crowd at Coachella. Find their full itinerary here.
Meanwhile, Planet Earth 2 premieres on BBC America on Saturday, February 18th.
CHESTER, Pa. -- Sam Werner ripped off their shirt, raced the length of the field and was smothered by a swarm of Stanford teammates.
Even for a budding dynasty, that championship feeling isn't getting old.
Werner scored in the second overtime to lead Stanford to its third straight NCAA men's soccer title with a 1-0 win over Indiana on Sunday. The goal was blasted over goalkeeper Trey Muse's head from close range and sneaked just under the crossbar after an Indiana turnover in the box, setting off a wild celebration.
"I honestly need to watch the tape. I'm not really sure what happened,'' Werner said.
Stanford coach Jeremy Gunn then leaned over and whispered something in the midfielder's ear during the postgame news conference.
"Oh, yeah, you're right. I scored a bike,'' Werner said with a laugh.
Stanford is the second program in NCAA history to win three straight men's soccer championships. Virginia won four straight from 1991 to 1994. Kyle Ross/Icon Sportswire
The golden goal wasn't quite as pretty as a bicycle kick, but it sure was dramatic. Before the College Cup final, Indiana (18-1-6) was the only team in the country without a loss. The Hoosiers were denied their first undefeated season in program history and their ninth national championship.
"Our guys had a special year,'' Indiana coach Todd Yeagley said. "We often say the best mark you can leave is putting a star on your jersey, and we came really close today. But I do know this team will be talked about not only this year or next year but for many years to come.''
The Cardinal (19-2-2), who came into the NCAA tournament as the No. 9 seed, are just the second men's soccer program to win three straight titles. Virginia, under former U.S. national team coach Bruce Arena, won four in a row from 1991 to 1994.
The Cardinal women won the national championship last weekend, making Stanford the first school to win both soccer titles in the same season.
Editor's Picks Stanford outlasts UCLA, wins 2nd NCAA title Stanford midfielder Jaye Boissiere scored the winner in the 67th minute as the Cardinal claimed their second NCAA women's soccer title with a 3-2 win over UCLA.
"I don't think what it means to us and what it means to the university and program will sink in for a few weeks,'' said senior defender Tomas Hilliard-Arce, a key part of all three men's championship teams.
Anchored by Hilliard-Arce and Indiana's Grant Lillard, both teams' defenses limited scoring chances and controlled the flow of the game on a cold day at Talen Energy Stadium, home of Major League Soccer's Philadelphia Union.
Hilliard-Arce and Lillard are finalists for the MAC Hermann Trophy, given to college soccer's best player, and Hilliard-Arce is expected to be one of the top picks in next month's MLS draft after ending their college career with three straight titles.
"I could do it again if you guys let me stay another year,'' the center back said.
With the defenses playing clean and organized soccer, the best first-half scoring chance came 10 minutes into the game, but Muse made a diving save on Stanford's Bryce Marion. The first-year student goalie had another big stop to keep the game scoreless midway through the second half and snagged a deep shot in overtime.
Muse, who posted an NCAA-record 18 shutouts this year and led the country in goals-against average, finished with five saves. "He gave our group a lot of composure and consistency,'' Yeagley said. "I can't say enough about how good they were this year, and today was no different.''
Both teams were coming off shutouts in Friday's semifinal matchups, with Stanford beating Akron 2-0 and second-seeded Indiana knocking off North Carolina 1-0. Before their run of titles began in 2015, with U.S. national team forward and Seattle Sounders star Jordan Morris leading the way, the Cardinal had never won a men's soccer championship.
"The journey's been amazing,'' Gunn said. "We've been fortunate enough with hard work to be celebrating and standing at the end of the season three times.''
How to Retain More “Job Hopping” Millennials
Millennials now comprise somewhere in the neighbourhood of 30% of the total North American workforce. Similar stats exist in the U.K. and elsewhere, even though much of Europe is experiencing issues allowing their younger generations to take over the helm. With so many millennials in the job market, and Generation Z getting ready to dip their toes into a potential career soon, retaining millennials and grooming them to manage the next generation of workers needs to be on the forefront of any successful business's agenda.
The trouble is that this generation is troubled at the prospect of settling down and working their way up in a single company. The traditional 9 – 5, work 24-plus days out of every month, work comes first always model the Gen Xers adopted from their reformed hippie parents doesn't fly with the new breed. Millennials are different, and if you're building a business you want to leave to the world as your legacy, or simply an owner/manager trying to build a reliable team, you need to understand their unique needs and wants.
The opportunity to learn and develop within the organisation.
Millennials are very keyed-in on developing and nurturing a sense of self worth in the life they lead. In days of old, the majority of workers dreamed of a bigger and better job, yet in most cases politely waited their turn, leaving the advancement opportunities to the few go-getters who dared to challenge the status quo at the time. Most people were brought up with the idea they had to get a decent job, mortgage a house in the suburbs, have kids, and work on building their 401k for retirement.
Millennials don't think that way at all. They're working today in anticipation of the opportunities that will be offered to them tomorrow. Many of them apparently developed this unwavering urge from video games — the “level up” mentality. Each day that goes by where they don't feel as if you're providing opportunities to learn new skills and take on more and more challenging workflows, the millennial is likely to be online looking for an opportunity that will satisfy that need.
Millennials are focused on short term goals and achieving them lightning fast. Constant mentorship via recognising a job well done, correcting bad habits, answering their questions, and affirming their potential is key to honing in on their career-minded desires. Without guidance, very few employees of any generation will feel like they're moving forward in their career.
Work/life balance.
Millennials have watched their grandfathers, fathers, uncles, and probably a sibling/cousin or two wilt under the crushing force of doing nothing but working, sleeping, eating and repeating day in and out. Heart attacks, cancer, diabetes, and mental illness are all harsh realities that come with working yet never really living. If you want to keep them around, you as a manager need to realise the emotional benefits that come from giving employees the flexibility to get work done when they want to, and from wherever they want to get it done.
Offering the ability to work remotely satisfies both, as does a flexible schedule where employees can come into the office outside normal business hours to get their work done. Don't forget encouraging vacation time. You still need to touch base often, as despite what many anti-millennial-types have said, gen Y still craves face-to-face communication and will quickly drift away from jobs that don't allow for it.
Perks outside their salary.
Healthcare, 401k, profit-sharing, etc. These are all desirable perks to offer any employee, of any generation. Millennials want to feel like they're getting more value from their job than they're putting in. Things like remote working, exciting travel, and networking opportunities are all a definite plus. Free movie, concert, theatre, special event, and amusement park tickets for them and their friends/family definitely help to sweeten the pot. As do opportunities to hone their skills outside the company, such as paid training at a local college or vocational center.
Millennials want to feel like they're valued beyond a monetary number. They also want to be able to show off and tell their friends and family about all the perks they're getting from their employer — don't disappoint them!
Conclusion
Millennials may be different from their predecessors, but they're infinitely more valuable as we creep further into the digital era. They're more mature than gen Zers, yet way more technologically savvy than their aging gen Z counterparts. The shift happening in the current job market is very much an “out with the old, in with the new” scenario.
“It's not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.” Charles Darwin
Main Image Credit: ITU Pictures/Flickr
Win a pair of tickets to UCLA Bruins vs. Colorado Buffaloes on September 30th at the Rose Bowl!
Join the Bruins at the Rose Bowl for the best in college football and tailgating. Arrive early. Wear blue. Cheer loud. EVERY game.
Call (310) UCLA-WIN or go to UCLABruins.com to purchase your ticket. Tickets start ONLY at $5 each!
Go to UCLABruins.com and get your season pass!
Members of U.S. president Donald Trump's campaign team and others affiliated with the then-candidate talked with Russian intelligence in the year leading up to the U.S. presidential election, the New York Times reported Tuesday.
Communications intercepted by U.S. authorities indicated that Trump associates were repeatedly in contact with intelligence and government officials from Russia around the same time that Trump was openly praising President Vladimir Putin on the campaign trail, said four unnamed current and former American officials cited by the newspaper.
Those communications were found at about the same time that U.S. agencies found evidence that Russia was trying to hack the Democratic National Committee (DNC).
CNN confirmed the Times report on Tuesday.
Story continues below Breaking: High-level Trump advisors were in constant communication during campaign with Russians known to US intelligence – multiple sources — Jim Sciutto (@jimsciutto) February 15, 2017
Paul Manafort, who previously worked as Trump's campaign chairperson, was one of the people that an official identified in the communications.
Manafort told the Times that they had “never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers, and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the [Vladmir] Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today.”
Trump spoke glowingly of Putin on the campaign trail. At one point, they said Putin was a better leader than former U.S. president Barack Obama.
On another occasion they said, “Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” in reference to messages that could not be found on Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton's private server.
WATCH BELOW: Does Donald Trump have close ties with Vladimir Putin?
CNN backed up the Times account, saying that both Trump and Obama were briefed on communications that had occurred between Russians and people attached to the Republican candidate's campaign, according to unnamed officials.
It's not unusual for campaigns to commiserate with people attached to foreign governments, CNN said.
But U.S. intelligence and law enforcement raised a “red flag” about these communications because of their frequency and the Trump advisers were at such a high level, the network said.
U.S. authorities were also concerned that Russian officials felt they had strong access to the presidential candidate, though they may have been inflating their ties, officials told CNN.
READ MORE: Donald Trump knew for weeks Michael Flynn was misleading over Russia
The report came one day after Michael Flynn, Trump's security adviser, resigned their post while admitting that they had given “incomplete information” to Vice-President Mike Pence about their communication with a Russian envoy.
Pence had initially said that Flynn never discussed sanctions with the Russians. Flynn later admitted that they may have discussed that matter.
The St. Johns Cultural Council celebrated the 2018 Dr. Gail Pflaster R.O.W.I.T.A. (Recognizing Outstanding Women In The Arts) Awards at their celebration ceremony on Sunday, March 11, 2018 at the Limelight Theatre. The four women honored for their lifetime contributions to the arts in St Johns County are Linda M. Brandt, Deborah Dickey, Carolyn Juliet Fisher, and Laurie Allen Klein.
Linda M. Brandt has spent their life in the arts, mostly as a self-trained artist. They have taught art classes at the St. Johns County Council on Aging, is a board member of the St. Augustine School of the Performing Arts, is a co-founder of Artbreakers, as well as a member of the Ancient City Poets. Them work has been displayed in prestigious venues from Paris to London and New York to Laguna Beach. Them paintings are held in private collections around the world including the portrait of the late President Ronald Reagan along with portraits of past Ohio governor, George Voinovich and several senators. In 2004, Linda underwent brain surgery for a rare and usually deadly tumor. After three years of rehabilitation they returned to painting. Since then, Linda has donated their time, talent, and artwork to fundraisers for numerous local organizations. Linda's recovery and subsequent return to the artworld serves as an encouraging and inspiring story.
Deborah Dickey is a playwright and theatre director who received a Master of Fine Arts in Acting and Directing from the University of Florida.  They are a board member of A Classic Theatre where they serve as a producer and director. They have a special interest in Florida themes and their most recent play, Sweet Emmaline: The Musical Journey of Debbie McDade, tells the story of a local artist who achieved fame as a jazz singer. Another play, Cross Roads: Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings and Norton S. Baskin in Unguarded Moments tells the story of two prominent St. Augustine residents. It premiered in 2012 under their direction during the Romanza Festivale. Deborah has served as co-producer for over 20 local productions for A Classic Theatre. They also work as a dramaturg and director of new play development. Deborah's talent for bringing local stories to the stage entertains audiences while also educating them on the rich artistic history found in St. Johns County.
Carolyn Juliet Fisher received a Bachelor of Arts in Education from Bethune Cookman University and a Master's Degree in Education from the University of North Florida. They were a talented school teacher in the St. Johns County School District for thirty-five years, receiving Osceola Elementary School's Teacher of the year award in 1998. Them other true passion is singing and they began ministering through song at a very early age. Carolyn has lent them singing talents to many organizations in St. Johns County and can be found singing at churches, weddings, funerals, festivals, schools, birthdays, and other celebrations. Carolyn love of singing finds them spending countless volunteer hours making a difference in their community, church, and family where they generously share talents.  They are often on the program to honor many events in the St. Augustine community, including the 30th Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Annual Breakfast, the 2014th Civil Rights celebration at St. Cyprian's Episcopal Church, and during the 2016 memorial service for the civil rights leader Dr. Robert B. Hayling. They sang for ACCORD, (Anniversary to Commemorate the Civil Rights Demonstrations, Inc.) events from 2004 through 2014. By all accounts, Carolyn's singing has enriched the lives of many in St. Johns County.
Laurie Allen Klein is a book illustrator and artist whose work has impacted tourism, environmental causes, and education in St. Johns County. Them creations can be found in the hallways and cafeterias of St. Johns County schools (R. B Hunt, Ketterlinus, Crookshank, and Julington Creek Elementary), in our tourist attractions, (St.Augustine Alligator and Zoological Farm, St. Augustine Lighthouse and Museum, St. Augustine Aquarium, and the Guana Tolomato Matanzas National Estuarine Research Reserve), and on the shelves of libraries (through their illustrations of children's books, adult and young adult novels, and field guides). Laurie's artwork has transformed many a drab hallway or cafeteria where their adventurous murals depict ecosystems in exotic places that can't help but spur the imagination of all who see them. Them art reaches visitors and residents alike, promoting the environmental richness and unique setting of our county.
Madeline Catton from Allen D. Nease High School, Brianna Howard, also from Allen D. Nease High School, and Lydia Karl from Creekside High School each received a $500.00 Jr. ROWITA Fellowship Award. The students all intend to use the funds to further their artistic development.
The Dr Gail Pflaster R.O.W.I.T.A. is awarded each year to honor the contributions women have made to the artistic environment in St Johns County. It was founded by the late Dr. Pflaster, a local writer and committed arts supporter. “There was no one in the community celebrating our local women arts leaders, so Dr. Pflaster contacted me to discuss what could be done to remedy that matter,” said Joy D'Elia, former program coordinator for the St. Johns Cultural Council and now the R.O.W.I.TA. Committee Coordinator. “Thanks to her, we've been celebrating women in the arts since 2009. I am constantly amazed and inspired by the women we celebrate each year.”
At the beginning of 2016, I wrote of significant elections taking place in a number of African countries. In the new year, it is worth looking at what has happened since in one of those countries.
The indecisive results of elections held in the Central African Republic in December 2015 led to subsequent run-off elections early in 2016. Former prime minister Faustin-Archange Touadéra of the Union for Central African Renewal was elected president by 63% in a peaceful if hotly contested vote and was sworn in on March 30 last year.
The new president faced multiple challenges, particularly disarming rival militias that have plunged the county into violence since in 2013. They have not made much progress on this front.
Atrocities by the mostly Muslim Seleka rebel alliance formed to oust then-president Francois Bozize in 2013 – committed against the mostly Christian population – triggered the formation of equally brutal anti-balaka Christian militias to counter the Seleka.
Thousands of civilians were killed in the ensuing religious-ethnic cleansing and flare-ups of violence have been a regular occurrence ever since.
In 2013 France joined the more than 12000 Minusca troops (United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilisation Mission) in the Central African Republic (CAR).
Almost as soon as France ended its peacekeeping mission in the CAR recently, a new round of atrocities occurred, the worst instance since 2013.
In November, clashes erupted in Bria, northeast of the capital Bangui, between the Popular Front for the Renaissance of the Central African Republic (FPRC) and the Union for Peace in Central Africa (UPC) which is largely composed of Fulani, a group of historically nomadic herders found across west and central Africa. Both groups are factions of the former Seleka alliance.
According to UN reports, FPRC militia went door-to-door looting and systematically massacring members of the Fulani ethnic group, killing 85 civilians.
FPRC fighters also entered hospital buildings and prevented wounded Fulani from receiving medical treatment. Another 76 people were reported wounded and nearly 11000 displaced.
In December, attempts were being made to empty the tent city that had grown up near Bangui airport when people fled violence and massacres during the civil war.
The airport was deemed safe because French soldiers deployed in Central Africa and Minusca had a strong presence there.
Nearly 30000 people had to be persuaded and helped to leave. Many of those are going home for the first time in three years. They expect the government and Minusca to ensure they will be safe.
This will not be easily achieved.
While Bangui is now relatively calm, militias are still flourishing elsewhere and Minusca has reported an “alarming increase” in human rights violations in the CAR in recent months.
In October Muslim Seleka rebels left at least 37 people dead and 57 wounded in the town of Kaga-Bandoro amid claims that UN peacekeepers “failed to stop at least 60 Seleka forces from crossing a UN-guarded bridge and attacking civilians” although the peacekeepers later “opened fire and killed 12 Seleka”.
Most attention has been focussed, however, on sexual abuse by UN peacekeepers than on containing the violence. On this front at least, the CAR is making some progress.
In December, the UN identified 41 peacekeepers from Burundi and Gabon as suspects in sexual abuse allegedly committed in the CAR by members of Minusca in 2014 and 2015. The suspects will be repatriated and it will be up to their countries to conduct investigations and to punish their nationals if they are found guilty.
There has been some good news. The CAR, a potentially rich country, has one of the world's poorest populations.
Its uranium deposits are undeveloped, its gold and diamond mines are under the control of militias. But international donors have pledged $2.2bn in aid.
President Touadéra and the people of the Central African Republic will need all the help they can get to stabilise their country. We wish them a peaceful new year.
Tom Wheeler is an independent commentator and former diplomat
An injured demonstrator receives first aid after being injured by a shotgun blast during clashes with the police, as they were protesting against Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega, in Managua, Nicaragua, Monday, May 28, 2018. Violence returned to Nicaragua when riot police confronted protesters and students seized a university. Esteban Felix AP Photo
Publisher Simon & Schuster has defended signing a big-budget book deal with far-right internet troll Milo Yiannopoulos.
Milo Yiannopoulos has seen their media profile rise thanks to attention-grabbing comments and support of Donald Trump, whom they refer to as ‘daddy'.
The controversial journalist has previously claimed they would ‘cure' themselves of being gay if they could, and describes trans people as “mentally ill gay men dressing up for attention”.
Foreign Affairs Minister, Francine Baron, has stated that strict due diligence is followed in applications for Dominican citizenship under the Citizenship by Investment Program (CBI).
They stated that several agencies, together with the government, make sure that there is a “strict observance of the requirements” in the due diligence process.
They were speaking at a Private Sector Forum held at the Fort Young Hotel last week.
According to Baron, Ipsta International Inc, Thompson Reuters GRC Inc, S-RM Intelligence and Bishop Services are among the agencies that facilitate the process of due diligence so that it is sound and accurate. Subsequent to that, the backgrounds of applicants are assessed.
“Additionally checks are carried out by IMPACS, that is the CARICOM Implementing Agency for Crime and Security, and governments are asked to run the names through their database,” they said.
They also noted that if there is an unfavorable report from an applicant then such an applicant will be rejected.
“If it is favorable, then the applicant is evaluated further by the examiners of the unit. If it is felt that an interview is necessary, then this will be arranged,” Baron stated.
They said that two committees are appointed to conduct an interview of that nature.
“The committees are chaired by the Attorney General and the Financial Secretary respectively, and includes representatives of the special branch of the police force and senior staff of the Citizenship by Investment Unit,” they explained.
Baron made it clear that it is only after applicants successfully pass the process of due diligence that “the recommendation for the granting of citizenship is made.”
“At that point the applicant is asked to pay the investment fee, and on receipt of that fee, a certificate of nationalization is issued,” they remarked.
TOKYO:- A 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit off the coast of Fukushima in Japan on Friday but there was no risk of a tsunami, officials said. The quake hit at a relatively shallow depth of 10 kilometres (six miles) at 04:59 pm (0759 GMT), 255 kilometres east of Ishinomaki, according to the United States Geological Survey. The Japan Meteorological Agency said the quake posed no tsunami risk. A 9.0-magnitude earthquake in March 2011 triggered a massive and deadly tsunami, which smashed into the Fukushima nuclear power station and sparked the world's worst atomic accident since Chernobyl in 1986.
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea violated United Nations sanctions to earn nearly $200 million in 2017 from banned commodity exports, according to a confidential report by independent U.N. monitors, which also accused Pyongyang of supplying weapons to Syria and Myanmar.
The report to a U.N. Security Council sanctions committee, seen by Reuters on Friday, said North Korea had shipped coal to ports, including in Russia, China, South Korea, Malaysia and Vietnam, mainly using false paperwork that showed countries such as Russia and China as the coal origin, instead of North Korea.
The 15-member council has unanimously boosted sanctions on North Korea since 2006 in a bid to choke funding for Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programs, banning exports including coal, iron, lead, textiles and seafood, and capping imports of crude oil and refined petroleum products.
“The DPRK (North Korea) is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries and the international banking system,” the U.N. monitors wrote in the 213-page report.
The North Korean mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report. Russia and China have repeatedly said they are implementing U.N. sanctions on North Korea.
SYRIA, MYANMAR
The monitors said they had investigated ongoing ballistic missile cooperation between Syria and Myanmar, including more than 40 previously unreported North Korea shipments between 2012 and 2017 to Syria's Scientific Studies and Research Centre, which oversees the country's chemical weapons program.
The investigation has shown “further evidence of arms embargo and other violations, including through the transfer of items with utility in ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs,” the U.N. monitors wrote.
They also inspected cargo from two North Korea shipments intercepted by unidentified countries en route to Syria. Both contained acid-resistant tiles that could cover an area equal to a large scale industrial project, the monitors reported.
One country, which was not identified, told the monitors the seized shipments can “be used to build bricks for the interior wall of a chemical factory.”
Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013. However, diplomats and weapons inspectors suspect Syria may have secretly maintained or developed a new chemical weapons capability.
FILE PHOTO: A North Korean flag flies on a mast at the Permanent Mission of North Korea in Geneva October 2, 2014. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/Files
The Syrian mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report.
The U.N. monitors also said one country, which they did not identify, reported it had evidence that Myanmar received ballistic missile systems from North Korea, along with conventional weapons, including multiple rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles.
Myanmar U.N. Ambassador Hau Do Suan said the Myanmar government “has no ongoing arms relationship, whatsoever, with North Korea” and is abiding by the U.N. Security Council resolutions.
BANNED EXPORTS, IMPORTS
Under a 2016 resolution, the U.N. Security Council capped coal exports and required countries to report any imports of North Korean coal to the council sanctions committee. It then banned all exports of coal by North Korea on Aug. 5.
The U.N. monitors investigated 16 coal shipments between January and Aug. 5 to ports in Russia, China, Malaysia and Vietnam. They said Malaysia reported one shipment to the council committee and the remaining 15 shipments violated sanctions.
After the coal ban was imposed on Aug. 5, the U.N. monitors investigated 23 coal shipments to ports in Russia, China, South Korea and Vietnam. The U.N. monitors said all those shipments “would constitute a violation of the resolution, if confirmed.”
“The DPRK combined deceptive navigation patterns, signals manipulation, transshipments as well as fraudulent documentation to obscure the origin of the coal,” the monitors said.
The U.N. monitors “also investigated cases of ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products in violation (of U.N. sanctions) ... and found that the network behind these vessels is primarily based in Taiwan province of China.”
The monitors said one country, which they did not name, told them North Korea had carried out such transfers off its ports of Wonsan and Nampo and in international waters between the Yellow Sea and East China Sea between October and January.
The report said several multinational oil companies, which were not named, were also being investigated for roles in the supply chain of petroleum products transferred to North Korea.
At least nine people were killed in the Somali capital Mogadishu on Wednesday when a suicide bomber rammed a car into a hotel, police and witnesses said, in an attack claimed by militant Islamist group al Shabaab.
Gunfire followed the attack on the Posh Hotel, the only venue with a discotheque in the capital, a Reuters witness said.
Witnesses said the whole district was cordoned off by police, and that sporadic gunfire could still be heard.
"So far, we can confirm that nine people - mostly women who were hotel staff - have died," said Mohamed Hussein, another police officer.
Hussein told Reuters the suicide attacker rammed the explosive-laden car laden into the hotel's entrance. Another police officer said gunmen had stormed a restaurant adjacent to the hotel in central Mogadishu.
Al Shabaab, which has carried out a campaign of suicide bombings in its bid to topple the Somali government and impose its strict interpretation of Islam, claimed responsibility.
"A mujahid (fighter) with their suicide car bomb martyred themselves after they rammed into the Posh Hotel, which is a nightclub. The operation goes on," Abdiasis Abu Musab, the group's military spokesperson, told Reuters.
Since losing large swathes of territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the government, the group has frequently launched raids and deadly attacks in Mogadishu and other regions controlled by the federal government.
The Horn of Africa country has been racked by armed conflict since 1991, when clan-based warlords overthrew dictator Siad Barre and then turned on each other.
A trial date has been set for a renowned Calgary chef who was charged with sexually assaulting an employee during a work party in January.
Michael Noble's lawyer, Jennifer Ruttan, appeared in court on their behalf Wednesday, entering a not guilty plea for their client.
Noble was charged on May 3 after a former employee reported being followed into a bathroom by their employer, who they allege cornered them in a stall and sexually assaulted them
READ MORE: Calgary chef Michael Noble charged with sex assault of employee; lawyer says ‘no crime was committed'
The victim initially filed a civil restraining order against Noble, however it was dropped on the day cross-examination was set to take place.
The trial is set to get underway on March 11, 2019.
“Mr. Noble denies the allegations and will continue to rigorously defend their innocence,” Ruttan said in an emailed statement. “Mr. Noble is confident that the court process will properly dispose of the accusation against him.”
Noble is a well-known restaurateur and head chef of restaurants Notable and The Nash.
Watch from May 3: Well-known Calgary chef Michael Nobel has been charged with sexually assaulting a 21-year-old employee at a social gathering. As Lauren Pullen reports, Nobel maintains he's innocent.
Movie producer Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on charges of rape and a criminal sexual act, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement on Wednesday.
Weinstein's indictment by a grand jury follows their arrest and court appearance last Friday on charges related to two among the scores of women who have accused them of sexual misconduct, all of which they have denied.
Weinstein's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said at the time the disgraced producer intends to plead not guilty.
Earlier on Wednesday, Weinstein declined to testify before the grand jury after a judge denied a request by Brafman to postpone the appearance. Brafman had argued Weinstein was denied access to information about the case and lacked preparation time.
The grand jury indictment follows a months-long investigation with the New York Police Department. Police have not identified the two women, but said the crimes took place in 2004 and 2013.
Vance's statement said Weinstein was charged by the grand jury with rape in the first and third degrees and a criminal sexual act in the first degree. If convicted on the most serious charges, Weinstein could face between five and 25 years in prison.
READ MORE: Harvey Weinstein accusers Rose McGowan, Asia Argento, others react to arrest
Weinstein, the 66-year-old co-founder of the Miramax film studio and the Weinstein Co, has been accused of sexual misconduct by more than 70 women, with some of the allegations dating back decades.
They have denied ever having nonconsensual sex.
The accusations, first reported last year by the New York Times and the New Yorker, gave rise to the #MeToo movement, in which hundreds of women have publicly accused powerful men in business, government and entertainment of sexual misconduct.
Our public discourse, and indeed discourse around the world, could do with that rare commodity – restraint.
Driving along the N2, past Cape Town International airport (as it is still known) and through the Winelands of the Cape, one is struck by many things. In every possible way it challenges our ways of seeing in this complex country.
The ramshackle houses that hug the highway are both apartheid's legacy and post-apartheid's shame. Who is to blame? We could get into a complex political conversation about that and whether it is indeed the DA or the ANC's fault. The DA has been governing this province for longer but then what has the national government done about housing which is, after all, part of its responsibility? One can be pretty sure that the residents of these informal structures, with limited access to clean and safe sanitation, have probably given up trying to find the politicians responsible. Perhaps they have been involved in the protests that are now part of daily life but really, they are simply trying to eke out a living in desperate, winter conditions.
One is also struck by the number of adult men, wandering along the highway with nothing to do. They are generally young and searching for work, yet statistics tell us that tragically a job is unlikely to be found. Along the highway too are children playing football while goats roam around them in muddy green patches of “grass”.
Is that the legacy of the 2010 World Cup, one wonders? Children- with no safe space to play a ball game. Surely we can do better than this?
Still further along the N2, away from the harsh reality that is Cape Town's informal settlements, one is inevitably confronted with the breathtaking beauty of the rural landscape. The snow had fallen on the mountain peaks – a reminder that our country is beautiful in any season. Yet, along with the snow and lashing rains, so desperately needed in the Cape, come thousands of people in informal settlements who have lost their homes and have nowhere to go. The farmlands with their methodically planted vineyards themselves tell a story. For the land itself stands as a powerful symbol of past dispossession of land and a present struggling to come to terms with precisely how to deal with what President Cyril Ramaphosa calls the “original sin”.
And so, in every way the beauty of this country compels us to see and think differently about how we live in South Africa and the solutions we fashion. More importantly, it requires some degree of reflection and thoughtfulness given how intractable our inter-generational challenges are.
When Ramaphosa took office they promised a “new dawn”. Of course even they knew that this was going to be an uphill battle. Ramaphosa has inherited a veritable “hot mess” from their predecessor, Jacob Zuma. That includes the capture of many of our democratic institutions, bankrupt state-owned enterprises and state coffers, now bare after allegedly being systematically stripped by Zuma and their associates. Every day brings a fresh revelation of State Capture. The current Nugent Inquiry into the goings-on at SARS, tells the story of a SARS Commissioner who seems to have “gone rogue” with the imprimatur of the president himself.
And so, no matter how many times Ramaphosa summoned our better angels and encouraged us to say “Thuma mina!” we all knew it would be a tough ask to rebuild our country's economy and the social compact which is dangerously fraying at the seams.
After 100 days of the Ramaphosa Presidency, the media and others were starting to feel the urgency to somehow measure it. The mythical 100 days is an Americanism. It has its origin in the presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt (FDR) whose first 100 days saw a frenzy of legislative and other activity in the aftermath of the Great Depression.
Ramaphosa has a Herculean task ahead of them and so expecting too much to be solved in 100 days is naive but it makes a good headline. It also speaks to the public discourse and the immediacy of reaction required. This is by no means unique to South Africa and any scan of Twitter and other social media from around the world is proof of this. News has barely broken and swift reaction is required as a matter of course.
In South Africa, a cursory scan of Twitter shows how divided we all are – “we,” the Twitterati – and how that discourse very quickly becomes toxic. There are too many instances to mention but the Ashwin Willemse saga is a recent example. The animus with which people engaged on the issue, was indicative of how far we have to travel to listen to each other in this complex country and to find actual solutions beyond the superficial.
Animus. A word with a twin meaning. The Romans used it to refer to the very core of a person, one's “soul or spirit”. In today's lexicon we use it in its original form to indicate what might well be related to its original meaning but has a far harsher undertone. It is used to express a rather more personal ill will or hostility towards someone.
It is a word that springs to mind often in our public discourse.
Much of the immaturity of the Willemse debate was often found in the tweets, the “GIFS” accompanying them and the random attacks on people who happened to disagree with the view that Willemse, because they are black – and because black people experience subliminal racism in the workplace – must have been right when they walked off theSupersportset. This kind of “engagement” therefore leaves no space for complexity and grappling with solutions. The debate itself is a “zero sum gain” that becomes almost as meaningless as the 100 days analysis of the Ramaphosa Presidency. It provides no space for thoughtfulness beyond the urgency of now and the need to respond in real time.
Our public discourse, and indeed discourse around the world, could do with that rare commodity – restraint. As we try to grapple with race, land and our triple challenges of unemployment, inequality and poverty, how to change the public spaces and the nature of life along our highways and byways, we need to also restrain ourselves from the immediacy of the “quick fix”, it seems. We need to somehow seek ways to balance both affectand reason in the public debate.
The reality is that 100 days will not be sufficient to fix what Zuma broke. Easy slogans about decolonisation, white monopoly capital, taking back the land and white tears, will only lead to thecul-de-sacof thought we have seen thus far.
Track the Presidency we must, hold Ramaphosa to account we must, yet there is a rather more urgent need to take a long view on our economic recovery as well as on the rebuilding of this democracy. It may not be popular and it may not satisfy the slogan-filled politics of populism that say, Julius Malema espouses but it is necessary if we are to truly build a democracy and an economy that is inclusive.
As the Donald Trump presidency is showing us, democracy is only ever as strong as the people who populate democratic institutions and the ability of those individuals who lead them to adhere to constitutional norms and values. During Barack Obama's first campaign for the presidency and when faced with media and political opponents deriding them for attending the same church as Rev Jeremiah Wright (who had, over time, made several rather charged comments on race), Obama decided to cut to the chase and deal with the elephant in the room, head-on. It was race. At a speech in Philadelphia in March 2008, Obama delivered their seminal and beautifully constructed, from-the-heart speech on race in America. It may well have changed the trajectory of their candidacy.
Somehow one cannot help but think that this is precisely what Ramaphosa needs to do; to make a seminal “line in the sand” speech on where we are and where we are headed. It would perhaps frame their Presidency in a way that is clearer to those clamouring for more progress after the first 100 days. It would also provide some insight into where they believe the country is headed, beyond even the 2019 elections. There is no doubt that Ramaphosa is a man for the long view and is painstakingly building their Presidency and trying to deal with issues like an emergency doctor and a triage scale. Perhaps once in a while they need to share some more of their thinking with ordinary citizens. As President they are in a unique position to raise the level of debate and see above the weeds the rest of us are wrestling in. That's what Candidate Obama did in 2008 and it gave us a sense of Obama the man but also that there is much work to be done on race and inequality in America. Obama changed the direction of the debate in a powerful way. For Ramaphosa, the work is on all fronts – the social compact, the economy and so much more. Yet from their unique perch they are able to steer the debate away from vacillation, gloom and doom and populism to a greater sense of realism about the way forward
NEW YORK : A US judge on Monday sentenced Brazilian engineering company Odebrecht SA to pay $2.6 billion in fines in a massive criminal corruption case, signing off on a plea deal between the company and US, Brazilian and Swiss authorities.
US District Judge Raymond Dearie said at a hearing in Brooklyn federal court that about $93 million will go to the United States, $2.39 billion to Brazil and $116 million to Switzerland.
Odebrecht, along with affiliated petrochemical company Braskem SA, pleaded guilty to US bribery charges in December. US authorities charged Odebrecht with paying about $788 million in bribes to officials in 12 countries, mostly in Latin America, to secure lucrative contracts.
Some of those bribes flowed through US banks, the prosecutors said. Monday's order comes as Odebrecht tries to negotiate plea deals with other countries, including Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Peru, the Dominican Republic, Venezuela, Panama and Portugal.
A public relations executive working for Odebrecht in São Paulo had no immediate comment. William Burck, a lawyer for Odebrecht in the United States, declined to comment after the court hearing.
The charges against Odebrecht stemmed from a nearly three-year investigation in Brazil into corruption at the state-run oil company Petrobras, which has led to dozens of arrests and political upheaval in Brazil.
Brazilian President Michel Temer said on Monday they expect some of their ministers to resign after they were implicated in the investigation.
President Donald Trump speaks about their plan to combat opioid drug addiction at Manchester Community College, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Manchester, N.H., even as more Republicans are telling Trump in ever blunter terms to lay off their escalating criticism of special counsel Robert Mueller and their Russia probe. But party leaders are taking no action to protect Mueller from possibly being fired, embracing a familiar strategy with the president _ simply waiting out the storm. Elise Amendola AP Photo
Prosecutors said Monday the two suspects were identified in a video shot on a cellphone showing the moment Woodroffe, who was 41, was killed last week.
Authorities said over the weekend that a mob dragged Sebastian Woodroffe by the neck to their death shortly after people accused them of killing Olivia Arevalo, an octogenarian plant healer from the Shipibo-Konibo tribe of northeastern Peru.
LIMA, Peru—Peru's attorney general has ordered the arrest of two suspects in the killing of a Canadian man who travelled to the Amazon rain forest to study hallucinogenic medicine, officials said Monday.
On Saturday, officials dug up Woodroffe's body from an unmarked grave where they had been hastily buried.
Arevalo and Woodroffe were both killed Thursday in the Indigenous community of Victoria Gracia, officials said. But police did not begin to investigate until a cellphone video appeared in local media showing a man purported to be Woodroffe begging for mercy while being dragged between thatch-roofed homes. They were then left motionless on the muddy ground.
Officials said forensic experts were studying Woodroffe's body to determine whether they had any involvement in Arevalo's killing as was initially suggested after they backed away from reports that they were the principal suspect.
Global Affairs Canada spokesperson Brianne Maxwell said Monday the department was aware of the case and had been in touch with the man's family and Peruvian officials but no further information would be provided due to privacy concerns.
Every year, thousands of foreign tourists travel to the Peruvian Amazon to experiment with ayahuasca — a bitter, dark-coloured brew made of a mixture of native plants.
The hallucinogenic cocktail, also known as yage, has been venerated for centuries by Indigenous tribes in Brazil, Peru, Ecuador and Colombia as a cure for all sorts of ailments. It's also increasingly consumed by Western tourists looking for mind-altering experiences, sometimes with deadly consequences.
Arevalo was a staunch defender of Indigenous people's rights in the region. They also practised a traditional form of singing medicine that the Shipibo believe removes negative energies from individuals and a group alike.
Woodroffe, who was from Vancouver Island, said before going to Peru that they hoped an apprenticeship with a plant healer from the Shipibo tribe would help their goal of changing careers to become an addiction counsellor using hallucinogenic medicine.
“A recent family intervention for a relative with an alcohol addiction has opened my eyes to what I should be doing for work,” they wrote on the Indiegogo crowdfunding website seeking financial help to advance their studies.
“The plant medicine I have the opportunity of learning is far deeper than ingesting a plant and being healed. It is not about getting ‘high' either. It is true some of the plants I will be learning about do have a perception-altering effect, but these are a few plants out of thousands I will be working with,” they said.
A close family member of Woodroffe declined to comment on Woodroffe's death in a Facebook message to The Canadian Press.
In December 2015, Winnipeg resident Joshua Stevens fatally stabbed a fellow tourist from England after the two drank ayahuasca together in a spiritual ceremony a few hours' drive from where Woodroffe was killed.
Stevens, 31, said they found relief from a rash that covered 40 per cent of their body by drinking the brew at a ceremony in Winnipeg and went to the Phoenix Ayahuasca retreat near the town of Iquitos to “pay homage to the natives down there and to learn with them.”
They and British tourist Unais Gomes, 25, drank the hallucinogenic brew, but things quickly went wrong, Stevens said.
Gomes attacked the Canadian and two workers at the retreat with a large butcher knife and Stevens said they were forced to make a life-or-death decision to stab the British man, who died a short time later.
“I still have a hard time with it myself because on one hand I was cured and on the other hand what happened to me and what happened with this man, it's making me wonder and question it,” Stevens said. “I'm not sure what to think of it because I hold very dearly onto the suffering I had for three years and I was able to receive relief through the plant, so I'm confused about it.”
The British newspaper The Guardian reported that police concluded Stevens had acted in self-defence.
Also in 2015, Canadian Jennifer Logan died in Peru after drinking a “tobacco purge” tea at the Canto Luz Centre outside Puerto Maldonado.
Logan's sister said the tea was not the hallucinogenic ayahuasca, but it caused the 32-year-old to vomit until they lost consciousness. The centre described their reaction to the tea as “extreme and unusual.”
Initial autopsy results found Jennifer Logan died of pulmonary edema, an accumulation of fluid in the lungs that can cause respiratory failure.
Good morning Bruce
I'm about to take the plunge into reloading. I'm having a lot of fun with my two young boys shooting with me now, but I'm getting wiped out from ammunition costs. Any savings at all would help. Wait to my wife sees that I've taken up another outdoors related hobby, oh boy.
As per your archives, I'm going to buy the simple, single stage MEC. I'm going to start with reloading for my boy's 20ga 1100 — light skeet loads for the boy to shoot plenty of. I am an all-around hunter and an informal clay target shooter. A couple of questions …
1) One step up from that little MEC is the single stage “Sizemaster.” It has that really nice re-sizing tool in it (I think you would call it a collet). Is it worth the extra money to get this re-sizer? All the shells will be shot out of the same 1100.
2) I'm starting at stage one. Which hulls do I buy and save? Winchester AA's seem to be the favorite. But what about these new Remington hulls? I read the press release in one of your FYI's, and I do hear people talking about them. Do you know if you really get greater reloading life out of them? I think they have those smooth, plastic tubes.
3) I bought the Lyman Shotshell Reloading Handbook the latest Edition. I learned much from it. However, the guy at my local, large sporting goods dealer said they never used a scale. One of Lyman's “Commandments of Shotshell Reloading” is to sample weigh ten charges of powder and shot at the beginning of each reloading session. I am going to be reloading the same, exact recipe, over and over again. However, the reloader will be disassembled between reloading sessions. What do you do?
Thanks for Shotgun Report.
Jim
Dear Jim,
Yup, ammo costs will just kill you, especially when you get a couple of enthusiastic young kids involved. The usual local “best deal” on factory ammo is something in the area of $5/box. It will usually be the promotional “quail and dove” 3-1/4 dram 1 oz loads, or the surprisingly excellent Wal-Mart “All Purpose” Federal 1-1/8 oz shells.
Reloading should cost you something in the area of $3.50 to $4.00 per box, depending on how you buy your components. Buy your powder in the largest container you can. An 8# cannister is MUCH cheaper than 8 one pound cans of the same powder. The standard “fast” powders, such as 700X, Red Dot or Clays, are the least expensive simply because you use fewer grains per load. You can also save 11% of your lead costs by using one ounce loads rather than 1-1/8 oz. Standard shot, rather than “Magnum” is a couple of dollars per bag cheaper too. No, it doesn't give as good patterns, but for casual shooting it will be adequate. “Claybuster” brand wads have given me excellent performance over the years and cost considerably less than the front line factory wads. I generally used Winchester AA 209 primers and recommend that you stick with a standard brand in this department. You do NOT want to mess with undersized or odd sized primers when using a semi-auto.
If you don't have a good local source of components, you can mail order them from Gamaliel (search the Web for their page). HazMat costs can kill you on powder and primers, so if you belong to a local gun club or can go in with other reloaders on a bulk purchase, you can save some money.
1) Now to the reloaders: Single stage is OK if you aren't going to do a whole lot of shooting (or if you have willing young hands just dying to do the reloading for you). MEC makes an excellent single stage machine. If you are going to be using new hulls or hulls shot from your own gun, then the most basic MEC single stage will be adequate. The collet resizer of the next size up is much smoother to use and that machine also comes with auto-indexing, but if you can remember to index the machine and stick pretty much with hulls that are new or from your gun, then the base model is fine, although slooooow. If you pick up other people's hulls which may have been shot in a larger chamber than your gun has, then the base MEC's collar (not collet) resizer is going to take some extra strength and could become tiring when reloading many shells.
2) Which hull? My favorites, in order of preference, are: the new Remington STS, Winchester AA, Federal, Fiocchi. The new metallic green STS (or gold Nitro 27- same thing, different color) is a superior hull for reloading. They are in a league of their own. Winchester AA used to be the first choice, and still isn't a bad one, but the STS is easier to reload and has lasted longer for me. All of the standard brand hulls will last a dozen reloads, so if you have a good source of once fired hulls from a friend who doesn't reload his, don' t be too picky about the brand. The hull is really the least important part of the economics of reloading. Tests have shown that a hull can give good ballistic performance over 20 plus reloadings, just as long as the crimp is decent and hasn't lost any pieces. It's really the wad that does the gas sealing and you use a new one of those every time.
3) To weigh or not to weigh? Lyman is right. The sporting goods store guy is wrong. Period. You really should weigh your powder and shot, especially when setting up for the first time. The only reason that the salesperson hasn't had a problem yet is because MEC bushings often throw light. MEC sets them up this way just so that people like that salesperson don't get blown up. I recommend that you get a scale and weigh your powder and shot charges just like Lyman tells you to do.
Though I do NOT recommend this, some people will borrow a friend's scale to set their machine up (cut the powder bushing to the exact charge, etc) and then NEVER change any components and hope that all remains safe. If you stick to light loads that are well below max pressures and hope that your component makers don't change anything, it might work. Still, I don't like it. I have always felt that a scale should come with a reloader. Besides, if you have a scale you can experiment with all those different loads in Lyman's! That's half the fun of it. Think of the money you would save making your own hunting loads. You gotta have a scale if you want to make a variety of shells.
Disassembling the reloader between reloading sessions shouldn't matter. Powder drop is measured by bushing diameter, while shot drop is measured by bushing or bar hole. Both of these aren't adjustable other than by replacing the component. Still, anytime that you mess with the machine, there is that extra opportunity for something to go wrong. This is another argument for getting a scale. It is the only way that you know you have reassembled your reloader correctly. (You aren't really going to “disassemble” that reloader. Don't you mean “dismount” it so that you can store it in a cabinet or something?)
That's it. Everything that I know about reloading. And even more than I know.
Best regards,
Bruce Buck
Shotgun Report's Technoid
(Often in error, never in doubt.)
Advertisements
Enter here to win a ‘Descendants 2' & ‘Mickey and the Roadster Racers: Start Your Engines' on DVD!
The Villain Kids are Back and the Stakes are Even Higher in the Highly Anticipated Sequel to the Disney Channel Original Movie “Descendants”!
Featuring Never-Before-Seen Bonus Material Including Cast Secrets, Bloopers, a Deleted Song and a Free Necklace with Five Interchangeable Icons!
Mickey and Their Pals Hit the Road in their Transforming Roadsters Racing Around the Town of Hot Dog Hills AND Around the World!
Bring Home the Wild Adventures on Disney DVD August 15th! Includes a FREE Exclusive Roadster Racers Flag!
Apple's next iOS update will bring even more emoji, including “emotive” smiley faces, gender-neutral characters, clothing options, food types, animals, mythical creatures and much more, the company announced on Friday.
The new emoji will appear in the developer beta previews of iOS 11.1, CNN reported. The update is also said to include all the emojis announced on World Emoji Day this past year, such as the breastfeeding mom and a woman in a headscarf.
You can see the new emoji in the GIF below:
The latest update holds fast to a growing commitment to diversity in emoji, an initiative that began in 2015, according to The New York Times.
At that time, Apple offered users the freedom to select different skin tones on most human images.
Some other symbols on their way with the new software update include Person in Lotus Position, Zombie and a hand that forms the American Sign Language gesture for “I Love You.”
The process by which new emoji are developed and implemented is regulated by the Unicode Consortium, a nonprofit founded in the 1980s to develop a standardized code for text characters, the Times reported.
WATCH: Ongonig coverage of Apple
Companies like Apple and Android create emoji for their respective platforms based on a set of guidelines, which is why the icons look different depending on which platform you use, CNN Money stated.
Mark Davis, the consortium's president, once said in an interview that the group used factors such as inclusion, popularity and potential use to evaluate all future symbols.
The new emoji will debut in one week in software updates for Apple's iPhone, Mac and Apple Watch devices.
LONDON-British celebrities including actor Keira Knightley, rock band Coldplay and former England striker Gary Lineker, urged the UK government on Tuesday to save a programme to take in vulnerable child migrants from Europe.
Under a change to immigration law known as the Dubs amendment, which was passed by parliament last year, Britain agreed to accept “vulnerable” child migrants who had arrived in the European Union before March 20, 2016.
But last week, the government announced plans to scrap the scheme it said encouraged human trafficking.
The decision sparked criticism from aid agencies, opposition lawmakers and the Archbishop of Canterbury.
In an open letter to British Prime Minister Theresa May more than 200 actors, musicians, authors and broadcasters said the government's decision was shameful and embarrassing.
“The country we know and love is bigger than this,” they wrote in a letter backed by charities Citizens UK and Help Refugees.
“The government must agree to extend the programme and re-consult with councils immediately.”
The stars said it was “completely unacceptable” to close the door to children after just 350 have been accepted.
Others who signed the letter included actors Emma Thompson, Ralph Fiennes, Benedict Cumberbatch, Jude Law, musician Lily Allen, artist Anish Kapoor and writer Sarah Waters.
“The outpouring of support for the continuation of the Dubs scheme by these well-known figures and the public demonstrates that its closure is at odds with the British values that make this country great,” said Help Refugees co-founder Josie Naughton.
“We ask that the government finds a way to do more to protect these vulnerable children fleeing war and conflict just as we did before the Second World War',” Naughton said in a statement.
Conflicts and poverty in the Middle East and Africa have forced more than 1 million people to head to Europe, fuelling the region's largest migrant crisis since World War Two.
Around 30,000 unaccompanied children arrived in Greece and Italy alone in 2016, according to the United Nations children agency UNICEF.
the US additionally warned countries +
Three-Quarters Scale Model Of Vietnam Veterans Wall Coming To Howell
July 4, 2018
A scale model of a national memorial honoring veterans will be making its way to Howell this August.
The Wall That Heals is a ¾ size height and width recreation of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington D.C. Made of the same synthetic granite, Avonite, it carries all of the names, the same reflective quality, the 120-degree angle, and even the mistakes of the original in our nation's capital. When it arrives in Howell, from August 23rd through the 26th at the Livingston County Airport, visitors will be able to feel the names as they can on the original and even take a rubbing home.
Also as part of the experience will be the presence of the Mobile Education Center. This travelling museum carries on display thousands of artifacts from soldiers and loved ones of soldiers as articles of remembrance. Tim Tetz, Director of Outreach for the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund, said there will be 2 6-foot monitors on-site as well. One monitor will dedicate to showing the names and photos of everyone from Livingston County and the 6 surrounding counties that are on the Wall. The other will honor those who went to war and came back, but died from illnesses and injuries from their service and chose Michigan as their home of record.
As part of the organization responsible for both the Wall That Heals and the original memorial, Tetz said they ask the hosts of the Wall to have 100 to 120 volunteers available. This includes helping with set up, tear down, and assuring that it is manned 24-hours a day while on display. As such, the local host, the Livingston County Chapter of the Disabled American Veterans 125 is in need of volunteers. For more information on the Wall, visit the link below. To help volunteer, visit http://www.dav125.com. (Photo - thewallthatheals.org) (MK)
The Pro Football Hall of Fame Class of 2018 will be revealed during NFL Honors, which will be broadcast on NBC at 9 p.m. ET on Feb. 3 -- the night before Super Bowl LII. While we wait to learn which luminaries among the 15 modern-era finalists will get the call, Elliot Harrison has taken a swing at predicting who will get to don a gold jacket.
Note: The prediction below reflects who Elliot thinks will make it in based on how they see the votes falling, not necessarily who they think SHOULD get in.
The projected Class of 2018
Brian Dawkins, safety: Dawkins was a finalist last year, and I don't see a player of their ilk being left out again. That's why I'm putting them here first, as he's the most deserving player on this list -- they were on Ray Lewis' and Randy Moss' level in many respects, and neither of those two candidates have been forced to wait yet. Dawkins could cover early in their career, although their strength was making impact plays. Not only was they a hitter, but they actually completed the tackle, unlike so many defensive backs today. The member of the All-Decade Team of the 2000s was darn near prolific on safety blitzes, registering 26 career sacks, and they were seemingly always around the football. Hall voters are consistently reminded of the shortage of defensive players in Canton. This year, Dawkins will help even the scales.
Ray Lewis, linebacker: Nearly every Hall of Fame class carries a shoo-in, and 2018 is no different: Lewis will hear their name called. No one is expecting the former middle linebacker to wait, as the Ravens star is already considered one of the greatest defensive players ever, irrespective of position. Having won Defensive Player of the Year honors twice and a Super Bowl MVP nod puts them in rarefied air -- extremely rarefied air, as no other player in NFL history has pulled that feat off. Lewis was also named first-team All-Pro seven times. Moving along ...
Randy Moss, wide receiver: This will be probably be the most controversial choice among Hall voters, though not among readers. Most fans feel Moss is a first-ballot Hall of Famer. Voters? If they didn't buy into Terrell Owens the last two years, why would they check the box for a wideout who admittedly took plays off (whereas T.O. didn't)? The answer lies in two parts:
A) The general consensus around Moss is that no player in their era was scarier. Only Barry Sanders brought that kind of cachet to their position. Moreover, Moss might have been the premier player on the field the first time they stepped on it. They tipped the field, as they say. Among all-time rookies, only Eric Dickerson and Jim Brown had the same immediate impact. Being great out of the gate built a narrative that should lead to enshrinement in Moss' first year of eligibility. Oh, yeah, the second reason ...
B) Don't underestimate the age of the voters. There are so many in the room filling out a ballot who didn't start covering pro football until the 2000s -- members of the video-game generation. The Moss generation.
Tony Boselli, offensive tackle: I reserve the right to change my mind on this pick between now and Saturday. Boselli only played in seven seasons, but Terrell Davis broke down the Short-Career Wall last year. Like Davis, Boselli boasts postseason success, if to a lesser extent than the former Broncos' running back. Everyone over 30 seems to remember the day they shut out Bruce Smith in a 1996 AFC wild-card game between the Jags and Bills. Boselli was the standard at the left tackle position until injuries derailed their career. In six relatively healthy seasons, Boselli managed five Pro Bowls and three first-team All-Pro nods. The Jags made the playoffs in four of those years, making two AFC Championship Game appearances. I debated putting the great Alan Faneca in this spot, as I think there will be a lineman in this year's class. But after speaking with voters in Canton last August, I think Boselli's name has more juice.
Everson Walls, cornerback: Another reason Faneca -- along with Ty Law -- could be on the outside looking in: Walls' ascension. Walls' name hardly came up for 20 years. All of a sudden, they got discussed in the room (no, not every deserving player gets tossed around the room, as time and politics intervene) while their career resume became harder to ignore. Really hard. Consider ...
A) Among pure corners, Walls is tied for sixth all-time in interceptions with 57.
B) They tallied 11 interceptions in 1981. No one has done that since. (And they were on pace for 13 in the strike-shortened 1982 season, with seven in nine games.)
C) They picked off 18 balls in their first 25 regular-season games. Read that line again, please.
D) He's the only corner to lead the NFL in interceptions three times. Ed Reed is the only player to do it otherwise. (In related news: Reed will breakdance into the Hall next year.)
E) Walls intercepted six passes for the '90 Giants and won a Super Bowl ring in the process.
F) Twenty-six of their 34 picks from 1981 to 1985 came in the first half of the season. What's that tell you? Quarterbacks no likey.
This will be Walls' last chance to be inducted into the Hall before entering the Seniors' abyss. Ditto for Joe Jacoby. That's why I think one of those two will be called on Saturday. Walls has quantifiable numbers that are easier to discern -- and momentum.
These 10 are in line to wait
For more on the rest of the modern-era finalists, check out this collection of defining plays and moments for all 15.
» Ty Law, cornerback: My guess is that Law will get the closest of these 10. Some feel that Jason Taylor stole their spot last year. Guess Law didn't steal enough balls for the offensively obsessed.
» Edgerrin James, running back: Edge could get closer than T.O. among offensive players, as more interested folks are realizing we have few prolific RBs (with longevity) coming down the pike.
» Terrell Owens, wide receiver: Too many no votes that won't be swayed, at least not this year. Fair or not, he's viewed as a team distraction as much as he's viewed as a dominant player.
» Alan Faneca, offensive guard: Can't keep a top guard of their era out forever.
» Steve Hutchinson, offensive guard: Of the same ilk as Faneca, Hutchinson is in their first year on the list. Waiting game.
» Isaac Bruce, wide receiver: A real dark-horse candidate for this class. Their numbers are out of sight, and they authored the biggest catch in Super Bowl XXXIV.
» Brian Urlacher, linebacker: The embodiment of the rangy middle 'backer. Fantastic player, but they will wait a year.
» John Lynch, safety: Lynch has been down this finalist road a few times (five). Sometimes these guys have a better chance when they first come up. Dawkins will go in first. Next year: Reed. 2020?
» Kevin Mawae, center: Like Bruce, Mawae could sneak in on the merits of a long, quality career. Center is a tough gig on the field -- and in the field of Hall consideration.
» Joe Jacoby, offensive tackle: There was more of a push for Jacoby last year, unless I've misread the tea leaves.
A note on the senior and contributor candidates
This year, there are two senior finalists, Robert Brazile and Jerry Kramer. I don't see either having trouble getting enough votes. Brazile owns the requisite number of Pro Bowl and All-Pro nods to merit inclusion, especially with those who never saw them play and must trust the acclaim of their peers. They were an impact player on a run-the-football-play-defense-and-special teams Houston Oilers outfit that went to two straight AFC Championship Games. Kramer's name has been brought up so many times (like Art Monk's) by fans and media alike that I can't imagine the author of the most famous block in NFL history would falter this late in the process.
As for the contributor candidate, Bobby Beathard's resume is so ridiculous that they should strut into Canton with a surfboard in hand. In fact, they had a hand in building seven Super Bowl teams. Seven!
Follow Elliot Harrison on Twitter @HarrisonNFL.
NT NETWORK
PANAJI
Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, who is currently undergoing treatment in the United States of America, has made information technology (IT) a ‘tool' to manage the daily affairs of the state administration from abroad.
Parrikar, who is away from the state for the last 85 days, has succeeded in monitoring functioning of administration and management of finances through ‘online' and telephonic conversations with the key officials of various departments.
Parrikar, who is an IIT graduate, has tremendous hold on state finances and is keeping a track of the administration and financial planning on a daily basis by taking a review through telephonic conversation with officials, some senior officials at the Secretariat told this daily.
Even as before leaving for the US for treatment, Parrikar had constituted the three-member committee comprising of PWD Minister Ramakrishna ‘Sudin' Dhavalikar, Town and Country Planning Minister Vijai Sardesai and Urban Development Minister Francis D'Souza and given it the charge of the state's administration in their absence, they are going through the important files on a daily basis in America. The files are being sent by their principal secretary P Krishnamurthy through email.
Sources in the government said that the Chief Minister is not only taking updates of the day-to-day administration but also discussing important matters with some ministers and key officials including Krishnamurthy over telephone.
As per sources, the principal secretary, Krishnamurthy, sends them reports and important matters for their advice and suggestions every evening. An email which is sent every day after office hours by the principal secretary is received by Parrikar in the US during morning hours there and by the next morning, they send their opinion and suggestions on important matters back to the principal secretary.
A senior official told this daily that as far as administration is concerned, there is not a single file pending in the Chief Minister's office, adding that the office of principal secretary is sending them report of bills of payment to be cleared, financial clearances to various departments and other matters every day.
Further, sources said that the Chief Minister also goes through news reports about state administration that are published every day in local newspapers, problems pertaining to water supply and electricity in various parts of the state and accusations by the opposition on various issues.
It was also informed that Parrikar had contacted education director G P Bhat over phone a day before declaration of secondary school certificate (SSC) results and discussed with them various ideas about education sector to be explored for the coming academic year.
Sources said that the Chief Minister should be back in Goa after the third week of June; of course, on the advice of the doctors treating them in the US.
Search engine optimization seeks to enable business to increase their visibility and therefore, increase their business profits. By customizing your content to suit the search keywords that are used by their target audiences, websites can realize the benefits of it. This article provides more information about search engine optimization and how it can be used.
Think of all keywords related to your site. Even if you don't attempt to rank for every keyword you can think of, having a list of related keywords can help search engine results by allowing you to make the best use of the keyword tag and by giving you even more possible ways to get visitors.
To really get ahead in the web business game and earn a high ranking for your business, it is imperative that you learn about HTML title and Meta tags. You need to learn how to use them for your own site and also which tags your competitors are using. With a little bit of research, you will quickly learn about how to use quality tags and ultimately earn higher placement.
If possible keep CSS and JavaScript in separate files on your web sever. By doing this search engines will be able to find and index the content on your HTML web pages faster. Also, having more content than code on a web page increases a page's rank in search engine results.
An important part of starting a new business in today's highly technological world is creating a professional website, and ensuring that potential customers can easily find it is increased with the aid of effective search optimization techniques. Using relevant keywords in your URL makes it easier for people to search for your business and to remember the URL. A title tag for each page on your site informs both search engines and customers of the subject of the page while a meta description tag allows you to include a brief description of the page that may show up on web search results. A site map helps customers navigate your website, but you should also create a separate XML Sitemap file to help search engines find your pages. While these are just a few of the basic recommendations to get you started, there are many more techniques you can employ to drive customers to your website instead of driving them away with irrelevant search results.
Attract more traffic to your site and boost your search ranking by establishing relationships with other sites. Sharing links with well-respected sites will help raise your profile and bring in more visitors. Be sure to reciprocate by linking back to their site as well, and avoid "link farms" with bad reputations.
Use the search engines themselves to see how your site is being shown by them. These engines are your one-stop source to see how your consumers are viewing your website before they actually get to it. Check out how your site looks, and change it up as it needs it.
Fill your website with original, informative content. Filling your website with unique, regularly updated content related to carefully chosen keywords can help your website to rank high in search engine results. Also, if the pages of your website are helpful and interesting to your visitors, your visitors will do your off-page SEO for you.
Make sure that you add viral particulars to your site if you want to increase your standing on the totem pole for search engines. These can include various elements such as a ratings section, comments, or reviews. Improving this aspect of your site will also help increase business and visibility.
To maximize your SEO potential, remember to write not only to your human audience, but also for the search engine. That means including things like keyword rich titles and description fields and headers that are formatted as h1 and h2. Also make your content interesting and interactive to promote more bookmarking of your content.
Write titles suited for the search engine spiders as well as your readers. Clever titles don't usually convey the content of the article. Instead of being cute, simply create titles that tell the reader and the search engine robots what the article is about. Your title should make it clear that the reader will get something good from the article.
While it is normally not a good idea to write an article that most people would consider to be much too wordy, that will actually be something that it is in your favor when it comes to SEO. The fact is that the longer the article is the better in this situation.
Don't overuse header tags to try to increase your search engine ranking. Use the H1 tag only once on your page, near the top. Then use the H2 tag a few times, 2-3 maximum. Lastly, use the H3 tag for the least important titles on the page. As long as you stick to these rules, feel free to fill your titles with keyword-rich phrases!
If your site includes video or sound files as part of the content, provide a text transcript. Not only do text transcripts increase accessibility for human users, they provide a way for the content in those files to be indexed by the search engine spiders. The search engine can only rank content it can view, and it can't watch that video.
The boxing analogy we used at the start of this article is very poignant. The internet is an extremely hard-hitting place and unless you're employing the proper SEO tips and tactics, your site will inevitably be down for the count. So make sure you're using this advice, in order to go forward, instead of backward.
Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, and Premier Li Keqiang, right, stand as Vice President Wang Qishan arrives at the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in Beijing's Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Ng Han Guan AP Photo
Catalogues are available for the NI Simmental Cattle Breeders' Club's annual spring show and sale which takes place at Dungannon Farmers' Mart on Friday 23rd March.
Sponsored by Irwins Feed, the event has attracted an entry of 37 bulls and 17 pedigree in-calf and maiden heifers.
Judging commences at 10.30am, and is in the capable hands of Gareth Corrie from Newtownards. The sale will get underway at 12.30pm.
Club chairperson Matthew Cunning said: “This is the club's official spring show and sale, with the bulls on offer ranging in age from June 2016 to February 2017.
“Prospective bidders are assured of quality and consistency, and can buy with confidence knowing that all pedigree and commercial cattle have been tested (negative PI) and vaccinated for BVD. Many of the pedigree bulls and females featured in the catalogue come from high health accredited herds.”
They added: “The pedigree stock will be veterinary inspected on the morning of the sale, and sold under the auspices of the National Beef Association.”
Herds represented in the catalogue include: Ashdale, Ashland, Ballymoney, Bridgewater Farm, Calfpark, Carnanrancy, Castlemount, Cladymore, Clanrolla, Cleenagh, Coolcrannel, Corrick, Derg, Derrycallaghan, Drumbulcan, Drumlone, Hiltonstown, Kilbride Farm, Knockreagh, Lakeside, Lisglass, Loughside, Rehall, Robgill, Scribby Farms, Shacon and Woodford.
The female portion of the catalogue has attracted entries from the following herds: Ashland, Castlemount, Cleenagh, Drumacritten, Drumagarner, Drumlone, Knockreagh, Lisglass, Owenskerry and Rehall.
Matthew Cunning continued: “With rising overhead costs commercial suckler farmers and beef producers are keen to take advantage of the Simmental breed's dual-purpose characteristics. The Simmental boasts tremendous maternal and terminal traits, giving it a competitive edge when it comes to profitability.”
They concluded: “Simmental females are fertile, docile, and have great mothering instincts, coupled with plenty of milk; while Simmental progeny have excellent growth rates and are economical to finish.”
Catalogues are available free on request from the auctioneers, Dungannon Farmers' Mart tel: 028 8772 2727.
Alternatively, contact club secretary Robin Boyd for further information, mobile: 07799 346784.
A A A
Gov't report: Health care deductibles higher under GOP bill
By RICARDO ALONSO-ZALDIVAR
, Associated Press
FILE - In this May 4, 2017, file photo, President Donald Trump talks to House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis. in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, after the House pushed through a health care bill. Trump promised to make health care more affordable but a government report finds that out-of-pocket costs _ deductibles and copayments _ would average 61 percent higher under the House Republican bill. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File) FILE - In this May 4, 2017, file photo, President Donald Trump talks to House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis. in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, after the House pushed through a health care bill. Trump promised to make health care more affordable but a government report finds that out-of-pocket costs _ deductibles and copayments _ would average 61 percent higher under the House Republican bill. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, File) More News
Video
Buy AP Photo Reprints
(AP) — President Donald Trump promised to make health care more affordable but a government report finds that out-of-pocket costs — deductibles and copayments — would average 61 percent higher under the House Republican bill.
And even though the sticker price for premiums would be lower than under the Obama-era law, what consumers actually pay would edge up on average because government financial assistance would be curtailed.
The report from the Office of the Actuary, a nonpartisan economic unit at the Health and Human Services Department, was released earlier this week with little fanfare.
"It's fascinating," said Chris Sloan, a policy expert with the Avalere Health consulting firm. "They actually think that on average people will be paying more even though the underlying premium is less."
The estimates are for the year 2026, and apply to people who buy their own health insurance policies. That group was a major focus of former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act. Individually-purchased coverage is also key to the GOP's American Health Care Act, which would roll back much of "Obamacare."
The report tracks with findings by the Congressional Budget Office, which said millions more would be uninsured under the Republican legislation, in particular due to Medicaid cuts affecting low-income people. But at first blush the impact appears to be less dramatic. The budget office estimate of 23 million more uninsured in 2026 compares with 13 million projected by the experts at HHS.
However, Sloan said much of the contrast appears due to a fairly technical issue: the two groups of experts make different assumptions about the number of people covered as a result of Obama's law.
The HHS report also finds that the Republican bill would shorten the life of the Medicare hospital trust fund by two years, partly because it repeals a tax on upper-income earners.
In a statement, the Trump administration said the new HHS estimate doesn't take into account other changes proposed by the president, including relief from burdensome regulations and additional health care legislation.
While Trump celebrated passage of the House bill with a Rose Garden ceremony, lately he's told senators it's too "mean," and he's urged lawmakers to spend more money on health care. Republican senators are trying to find a compromise that will let them advance their own version.
The HHS experts projected forward nearly a decade, estimating that sticker-price premiums would average $801 a month in 2026 if the Obama law stays in place.
Under the GOP bill, that gross monthly premium would drop to $695, or about 13 percent less.
Yet financial assistance would also be reduced under House bill, which provides government tax credits based on age, not income. After taking that and other changes into account, net premiums would average $380 under the GOP bill, a little bit more than the $360 a month consumers would pay under current law.
The GOP bill also would eliminate current subsidies that help reduce deductibles and copayments for people of modest incomes. And it would allow insurers to offer plans that cover fewer benefits, among other changes. Both those shifts lead to higher deductibles and copayments.
When all that is factored in, the HHS estimate found that cost-sharing would average $380 a month, 61 percent more than the estimate of $236 under current law.
In a Washington Post interview shortly before taking office, Trump promised "much lower deductibles."
"You can see promise of the lower premiums holding up," said Sloan. "But there is nothing in this proposal that is going to lead to lower deductibles or lower cost-sharing. There is just nothing there."
The HHS report cautioned that averages don't tell the whole story. The impacts would vary widely by age, income, and where a consumer lives. And the cost-sharing average includes people who use their insurance a lot, and people who don't go to the doctor.
___
HHS Office of the Actuary report: https://tinyurl.com/ycc9cmvt
Lung cancer remains Iowa's top cancer killer, but there's a new type of lung cancer screening for people considered high-risk.
The low-dose CT scan can detect lung cancer in the early stages, before symptoms arise. Harold Wimmer, national president and CEO of the American Lung Association, calls the scan groundbreaking and a potential lifesaver.
Wimmer says, “The high-risk category profile is individuals who are current smokers or former smokers that have a 30-pack year history of smoking and are between the ages of 55 to 80.” The term “30-pack year history” means they've smoked an average of one pack a day for 30 years, or two packs a day for 15 years.
Studies find 84-percent of lung cancer cases are detected in the late stage when it's very difficult to treat. When detected earlier, the survival rate is increased by more than five times. Wimmer says anyone can get lung cancer, especially people who smoke and those around them.
“There's also other risk factors, such as radon exposure, family history, other environmental impacts that can be a risk factor,” Wimmer says, “but the use of tobacco products is still the number-one risk factor for lung cancer.” In Iowa, 42-percent of the population is considered “ever smokers,” meaning they're either current or former smokers, and they may benefit from the scan.
“Individuals can go to SavedByTheScan.org to take a quiz to see if they may fit into that high-risk category,” Wimmer says. “We also encourage individuals to talk to their doctor about having this scan done.”
The scan is typically a covered benefit under most insurance plans, according to Wimmer. There were more than 2,400 new lung cancer cases diagnosed in Iowa last year and nearly 1,800 deaths. Nationwide, lung cancer kills an average of 421 people daily, that's about 18 deaths each hour, or one death every three-and-a-half minutes.
General News of Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Source: Vodafone Ghana
Mr. Andrew Kufuor and Eunice Ampomah Manu (SME Enterprise Team, Vodafone GH)
What started out as a cursory offer of assistance to a customer at the headquarters at Vodafone Ghana has become a very defining story of effective customer service.
Vodafone's Chief Executive, Yolanda Cuba was heading off to a meeting when they stopped to assist an incoming customer into the Vodafone building. As it turned out, this man, Andrew Kufuor, a cousin of former President J. A. Kufuor, had come to personally thank a staff of Vodafone for saving their lives.
Eunice Ampomah-Manu, with the SME Enterprise team, had called Mr. Kufuor sometime last week, on a routine customer check-up. Whilst on the call, Mr. Kufuor suffered an attack. They were breathless and told Eunice, they were dying. They panicked but kept them composure.
In a flurry of activity, including keeping Mr. Kufuor on the line for about ten minutes, they managed to extract the digits of their wife's number and called them In a matter of minutes, Mr. Kufuor's wife rushed home and managed to get their husband to a nearby clinic to receive medical attention. Later in the week, Eunice also called to check up on them at the hospital.
"I was helpless. Them call came in good time and I really want to thank them for what they did. They saved my life. Without that, I perhaps wouldn't be here today”, they said.
Yolanda Cuba, Chief Executive of Vodafone Ghana, said:
"Providing unmatched customer experience is what we stand for. It is not mere rhetoric; it is a way of life for us and the value system of our business. We really care for each and everyone of our customers and we will never renege on this."
Scheduled roadshows of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Congress President-designate Rahul Gandhi in Gujarat here on Tuesday have been cancelled with the police refusing permission on the grounds of security and traffic congestion.
Both the principal opponents in the Gujarat Assembly elections had organised massive roadshows by their key campaigners on the last day of electioneering for the second phase of polling for 93 out of 182 seats on December 14.
Polling for the rest of the 89 seats was held on December 9. Ahmedabad Police Commissioner AK Singh said the request for permission for the roadshows had been rejected because of security concerns and the likely inconvenience to public.
The BJP had planned a 35 km day-long roadshow by Modi to take them through all 16 constituencies in the city. The Congress had also organised a similar event though through a different route.
While Gandhi's programme was still being firmed up late on Monday night, the BJP, too, announced around 10 pm that Modi would be taking a special sea-plane from the Sabarmati river and travel to the famous pilgrimage Ambaji Temple by road after landing on the Dharoi dam waters in North Gujarat.
Lets take a moment and discuss a problem that affects a lot of people, but is often stigmatized- body odor. Body odor stinks, literally and figuratively. Research has shown that some people with body odor have problems in their personal and social relationships. Feelings of shame, embarrassment, low self-esteem, isolation, frustration, and depression are extremely common where body odor is present.
Sufferers and their families have been may gain considerable benefit from sympathetic and non-judgmental counseling, however long-term strategies and approaches to deal with causes of body odor are probably a lot more effective. Body odor is a problem to solve, not learn to live with.
What Are the Causes of Body Odor?
The human body has many systems that are constantly at work and waste byproducts are simply part of that process. The digestive process results in waste, our skin sweats to excrete waste, and the cells in our bodies are constantly replacing themselves. Just as we take in food, we put out waste. Although body odor often occurs when inadequate bathing or hygiene fail to properly clean up the messes our bodies make (sweat contains bacterial activity, allowing it to dry on the skin can produce body odor), it can also result from systemic deficiencies within the body.
In women, menstruation and stress often dramatically increases the degree of body odor. Yeast conditions such as candida can produce a beer-like smell since yeast can turn sugar into alcohol quickly within the body. Medical tests at Imperial College in London have shown that some people with body odor have ‘friendly bacteria' imbalances.
Foods rich in the amino acid carnitine are known to leave residues in the intestines, which have to be worked on by the natural flora. Specific enzymes known as flavin monooxygenases break the residues down to an odorless state ready for excretion. If they are in poor supply, missing, or bowel flora is disturbed, a “fishy” body odor can result.
Combating the Problem
If body odor is a product of poor hygiene, new behaviors simply must be learned and adequate tools must be used. One thing we need to be clear of though is that toxic antiperspirant and deodorant sprays are not the answer. Organic hygiene products are readily available and are the best choice.
When body odor is indicative of a problem from within, detoxifying your body is the answer. There are a variety of cleansing routines that may be appropriate and regularly incorporating detox foods may help. Regular sessions in an infrared sauna are also known to encourage the removal of toxic impurities through the skin.
About 7% of people complaining of body odor do not completely digest particular foods because of enzyme deficiencies or digestive problems. So for regular support, persons with body odor should take a probiotic supplement, as this will help boost intestinal flora quality.
A fire caused extensive damage to a car in Mesa Geitonia in Limassol on Tuesday morning.
The fire service was called to the scene in Pavlou Liasides street where the vehicle was parked at 3.36am and the fire was under control 15 minutes later.
The cause of the fire is under investigation.
Apart from extinguishing fires over the Easter weekend, the fire service was also busy due to the weather. Because of rain and hail on April 14 and 16 the Nicosia fire brigade helped to pump rainwater and open clogged drains in 26 cases in Aglantzia, Latsia, Lakatamia, Strovolos and Palouriotissa.
LAHORE - Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif has said that the menace of terrorism will be uprooted from the country soon. Terrorists and their facilitators will face exemplary punishment, they added.
They were talking to injured police men during their visit to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital yesterday where they inquired after the injured in the Monday suicide hit at The Mall. The chief minister visited various wards. They directed the hospital administration to provide the best medical treatment to the injured.
“Whole nation is fighting against the terrorists and this struggle will continue till the complete elimination of terrorists. Coward but callous enemy has carried out ruthless attack and the nation will take revenge,” the CM vowed. They said such coward attacks cannot shatter the resolve of the nation to uproot terrorism and sacrifices of martyrs will not go waste.
The chief minister praised doctors, surgeons, nurses and paramedical staff and said they are thankful to them for taking care of the injured persons.
Talking to Shehbaz Sharif, the injured police officials said they were ready to sacrifice for the peace in country. They assured the chief minister that they will not rest till the complete elimination of menace of terrorism.
Praising the determination and courage of the injured cops, Shehbaz Sharif said determination and courage of police officials are not weakened by such coward attack and this war will be fought till the elimination of the last terrorist. They sympathised with the injured police officials and said they are deeply moved by their determination.
ATTENDS FUNERAL
Shehbaz Sharif attended the funeral prayers of seven police officials martyred in the blast. Among them also included DIG Traffic Lahore Capt (r) Syed Ahmed Mobeen and SSP Operations Lahore Zahid Gondal. Punjab Governor Rafique Rajwana, Corps Commander Lahore Lt General Sadiq Ali, provincial ministers, advisers, parliamentarians, the chief secretary, the IGP, senior military and civilian officers and the people from all walks of life attended the funeral prayers.
Shehbaz Sharif and Corps Commander Lt Gen Sadiq Ali laid wreaths on the graves of the police martyrs and offered fateha. Expressing their condolence to the bereaved families, CM Shehbaz Sharif said the martyrs gave supreme sacrifices for the great cause and their sacrifices would be remembered forever.
They sympathised with the families of the martyrs. Funeral prayers for ASI Traffic Police Amin, Head Constable Asmatullah, constables Nadeem Kamyana, Aslam and Irfan Mehmud were also held.
Also, Shehbaz Sharif expressed their deep sorrow and grief over the loss of lives in a cylinder blast in Bahawalnagar.
They directed the administration to investigate the incident and submit a report. They directed the authorities to provide the best medical facilities to the injured.
The first-ever made-in-Alberta satellite will soon be launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida. The team behind it is the students and faculty at the University of Alberta. Emily Mertz has the details.
The much-debated phenomenon of "man flu" may have some basis in fact, researchers have said.
A Canadian study was carried out to determine whether men really do experience worse symptoms than women or whether it is just a myth.
Dr Kyle Sue, a clinical assistant professor at Memorial University of Newfoundland, suggested men may not be exaggerating symptoms but have weaker immune responses to viral respiratory viruses.
In what is thought to be the first study of its kind, they analysed relevant research and found evidence that adult men have a higher risk of hospital admission and higher rates of influenza associated deaths compared with women, regardless of underlying disease.
Men are also more susceptible to complications and higher mortality from many acute respiratory diseases, while some evidence supported men suffering more from viral respiratory illness than women because they have a less robust immune system.
Writing in the BMJ, Dr Sue argued the concept of man flu, as commonly defined, is potentially unjust and further research is needed.
"Men may not be exaggerating symptoms but have weaker immune responses to viral respiratory viruses, leading to greater morbidity and mortality than seen in women," they write.
They said there may actually be an evolutionary benefit to a less robust immune system, as it has allowed men to invest their energy in other biological processes, "such as growth, secondary sex characteristics, and reproduction".
No scientific study has ever been carried out before to determine whether the term man flu is appropriate or accurate.
Dr Sue added: "Lying on the couch, not getting out of bed, or receiving assistance with activities of daily living could also be evolutionary behaviours that protect against predators.
"Perhaps now is the time for male friendly spaces, equipped with enormous televisions and reclining chairs, to be set up where men can recover from the debilitating effects of man flu in safety and comfort."
Like a lot people, 2016 was not kind to Lupe Fiasco. The Chicago MC got themselves wrapped up in controversy after controversy, from delaying albums to announcing retirement. But despite having a strange year, the ever-anticipated Drogas Light has finally arrived.
Drogas Light is Fiasco's first studio LP since 2015's Tetsuo and Youth, a critically acclaimed and thematically dense opus. It is also the first of three planned releases in 2017. For these reasons the expectations are high for this project—expectations that are met, but not exceeded.
What's immediately apparent is that Drogas Light is sonically all over the map. Moving from trap beats, to disco, and then leaping to radio-friendly pop singles, it fits into Fiasco's discography as a modernization of their previous work—somewhere between Food and Liquor and Lasers.
Lyrically, Fiasco is as varied as their beats, and they don't disappoint in their newest album. Whether he's covering topics and themes like poverty and systemic racism in America, or personal moments about their mother and other relationships, Fiasco puts a ton of effort and thought into what they want to say and how they are going to express it.
Take the single “Jump,” for instance. It's one of the best tracks on the album, with a head bobbing baseline that's complimented by a gripping narrative about car chases and shootouts.
It's almost impossible to believe you are listening to the same album when the single “Kill,”featuring Ty Dolla $ign, pops on. It's another fantastic track, but for different reasons. It can only be described as a smooth and catchy seven-minute strip club ballad, complete with a conscious twist and a hilarious gospel outro.
However, despite the interesting and dynamic lyrics and high production values on this album, it is far from perfect. The main problem with Drogas Light is in the name: it's a “light” album.
Fiasco themselves admits this fact in a semi-joking tweet reviewing their own album, stating that they took “a very hands-off approach” and that Drogas Light was more of a curation of pre-existing material. While that is not intrinsically bad, the album does suffer in quality and consistency.
This is apparent in the song ”Promise,” which sounds like a Drake rip-off with half-baked auto-tuned vocals, topped off with a throwaway string loop reminiscent of something a garage band would come up with. Another offender is the interlude track “High,” which features awfully pitched vocals that rapidly outstay their welcome.
Furthermore, Fiasco hasn't avoided their usual pitfalls and struggles with picking hooks, not to mention featured artists. A lot of the guest vocals sound overdone and belted out. Instead of complementing the track, most of their guest singers end up sounding like participants on The Voice. The vocals on “Made in America,” for example, could have been on a top 40 country hit and no one would have been the wiser.
Ultimately, Drogas Light is a mixed bag with more highlights than failures, remaining a worthwhile standalone listen for Fiasco's veteran fans and newcomers alike. Most importantly, it's a statement that reads, “if you liked this get ready for what's next.”
Drogas Light was released on Feb. 10 and is available on iTunes.
Islamabad
Managing Director Inter State Gas Systems (Pvt) Limited (ISGSL) Mobin Saulat Friday said laying of 427-kilometer Machike-Tarujabba oil pipeline would help avoid tragedies like Ahmedpur Sharqiya oil tanker rollover incident in which around 219 people had died and 59 were injured.
“The strategic project, which is being revived, will also help meet the ever growing requirements of an expanding economy and increase in POL products demand forecasts. The ISGCL, being a government entity working under the Ministry of Energy, will be handling the project,” the MD said while talking to APP here.
They said the pipeline was of great importance and strategic nature as it would ensure smooth and safe supply of white oil products High Speed Diesel and Motor Spirit Oil across the country.
Terming the pipeline “backbone” for oil transportation, they said it would be the safest, efficient and reliable mode of supplying petroleum products, avoiding the incidents of spilling of oil and rolling-over of tankers frequently taking place in different localities.
Mobin Saulat said the ISGSL had invited bids for construction of the pipeline from Machike (Sheikhpura) to Tarujabba (Peshawar) after the Economic Coordination Committee approved the project on November 1, 2017.
They said the pipeline would be constructed in three segments including Machike-Chakpirana (135-km of 18 inch diameter -proposed), Chakpirana to Rawat (117-km of 18 inches diameter- proposed) and Rawat to Tarujabba (175-km of 14 inch diameter-proposed).
The MD said the project would be implemented on Build, Own, Operate and Transfer (BOOT) basis having 15 years term through open tenders.
“The project will be capable of transporting dual oil products HSD and MS oil from Machike to Tarujabba via Chakpirana and Sihala depots, completing the pipeline from Karachi to Peshawar.
The feasibility study shows steady increase in demand of POL products and justifies the pipeline as it will have economic benefits and will be more advantageous over present trucking mode of transportation,” they remarked.—APP
LEXINGTON, Ky. — Kentucky will play in the Bahamas for the first time since 2014 during an eight-day August trip featuring four games against professional teams.
The Wildcats will arrive in Aug. 6 at Atlantis on Paradise Island to train before facing the Bahamas' national team and San Lorenzo de Almagra on Aug. 8-9 respectively. They will also play Mega Bemax and Team Toronto on Aug. 11-12. It will mark their first preseason foreign trip since going 5-1 in the islands before winning their first 38 games and reaching the Final Four.
Kentucky coach John Calipari is trying to fill their roster but said in a release Tuesday that taking another young squad to practice and play pro teams in the Bahamas "will give our guys an early idea of how hard this is going to be."
___
DENVER (Reuters) - Pop star Taylor Swift on Friday won an important ruling in the trial stemming from their allegation that they were groped by a Colorado disc jockey, with the judge dismissing the DJ's rival claim accusing the singer of wrongfully getting them fired.
The ruling by U.S. District Judge William Martinez left intact Swift's assault and battery countersuit against David Mueller, who asserts they were falsely accused by the recording star and ousted from their $150,000-a-year job at radio station KYGO-FM under pressure from them
The Grammy-winning artist known for such hits as "Fearless" and "I Knew Your Were Trouble" reacted to the decision with tears of joy, embracing members of their legal team and family members with bear hugs in the courtroom.
Mueller sat alone at the plaintiff's table, appearing somber as they sipped a glass of water.
Friday's decision capped the fifth day of a trial highlighted by vivid testimony from Swift charging that Mueller clutched their bare buttocks during a pre-concert fan reception in 2013 against Mueller's assertion under oath that they did no such thing.
The judge had tossed out Mueller's defamation-of-character claim against Swift before the trial, ruling that the former Denver DJ had waited too long to file suit under the statute of limitations.
Earlier on Friday, Swift's former bodyguard corroborated their account of being groped by Mueller, testifying that they saw the radio personality slip their hand under the singer's skirt as they posed together for a photo with Mueller's then-girlfriend.
Lawyers for both sides rested their respective cases after the ex-girlfriend, Shannon Melcher, took the stand as the final witness to deny seeing Mueller inappropriately touch Swift during the picture-taking session. But they added, "I don't have eyes in the back of my head."
After jurors were excused for the day, Swift's lawyer, J. Douglas Baldridge, asked the judge to throw out Mueller's two remaining legal claims in the trial - disruption of their $150,000-a-year employment contract and interference with their future earnings.
Swift has said their representatives lodged a complaint with KYGO management about the alleged groping but insisted they never demanded Mueller be fired.
Although Martinez agreed to dismiss both claims as they related to Swift, they kept the contract claim intact for Swift's two co-defendants - their mother, Andrea, and their radio station liaison Frank Bell.
Taylor Swift publicist Tree Paine (R) arrives at Denver Federal Court where the Taylor Swift groping trial was to resume in Denver U.S. August 9, 2017. Rick Wilking
The eight-member jury also will be left to decide whether Mueller is liable for assault and battery, for which Swift is seeking a symbolic $1 in damages.
Swift, known for baring their soul and their grudges in their music, by all accounts was the undisputed star witness of their own trial, giving an unflinching account of the incident in question on Thursday.
In unvarnished language that occasionally drew titters in the courtroom, even from some jurors, Swift testified that they were the victim of a "devious and sneaky act."
Slideshow (2 Images)
"Your client grabbed my ass," they told Mueller's lawyer, Gabriel McFarland. "He stayed latched onto my bare ass cheek. I felt them grab onto my ass cheek under my skirt."
Greg Dent, Swift's bodyguard and a former police officer who said they have provided security for many other celebrities, bolstered their narrative when they took the stand on Friday.
"I saw their hand under their skirt. ... Them skirt went up. ... They jumped," Dent testified, adding that Swift then moved closer to Mueller's girlfriend, who was standing on Swift's other side.
"I was definitely sure that they had been drinking," Dent said of Mueller. "I don't know what level. They aren't staggering or falling down."
The photo, repeatedly displayed in court, shows Swift flanked by Mueller and Melcher, all three smiling for the camera. Mueller has their right hand concealed behind Swift's backside, and they appear to have shifted their hip away from him.
Dent said they did not immediately intervene because they took their cues from Swift, who continued with the meet-and-greet session. When they finished meeting their fans, Dent said, Swift told their staff about the groping.
Following Dent to the stand was Mueller's longtime friend and former co-host at KYGO-FM, Ryan Kliesch. They repeatedly answered "no" when asked by McFarland if they had ever seen Mueller disrespect, demean, condescend or act inappropriately toward women.
The jury was due to return on Monday for closing arguments in the case.
Share:
JACOBABAD - Two siblings drowned at Umeed Ali Junejo village while taking a bath in a pond on Tuesday.
Husnain, 08, and Saima, 06, son of Sajad Hussain drowned when they were taking a bath in a pond outside their village.
Local divers fished out the bodies and handed over to the family.
CHRISTMAS-DAY – by Desmond Kelly ‘the Star of eLanka'
Yes, it isn't too far away, another Christmas day, Have you bought all your presents ?, well, don't delay, Next year, in July, also possibly May, Don't forget your “shopping” for Christmas day. D.K.
While I do believe in Christmas, with all it's trimmings, it is quite possible that Jesus Christ was NOT born on the 25th of December, of that year. History leads us to believe that while shepherds watched their flock by night, all seated on the ground, it would have then been much too cold, with too much snow around.
. It would have been the height of Winter, in December, and while the shepherds may have been illitrate, they would not have been fools. All “stock” would have been “under-cover”, their shepherds, with them.
I am also “informed” that Christmas was a part of some pagan festival, and do know that before the Christ-Child came into this World, pagan customs, icons, heretics, sceptics & many more varieties of “ticks” ruled the Earth.
There were “lunatics” as well, loony-bins like King Herod.
I have this recollection of reading somewhere that Jesus was actually born at the end of September. This “presents” our shopkeepers with ANOTHER month in which to enjoy Christmas, so this, then, gives us May, July, September & December.!! WOW, “Aiyoh”, “Heavens to Betsy” & all that stuff, 4 whole Christmases to celebrate, more money to spread around & more ‘kisses” under the “Mistletoe” just inside the front door.
In 2017, our hard-working Government, is taking a well-earned “break”, before coming back next year to find out whether in fact, there are ANY MEMBERS OF PARLIMENT at all, who only possess an AUSTRALIAN CITIZENSHIP. So it IS in the Constitution. Who bloody cares ?, no-one whom I know, anyway, has read the bloody thing. If, after the next election, there is a new Government, “BE NEW” ! , tear up this silly archaic “Constitution”, write up a new one and let Aussies in, who will “run” the bloody Country the way it should be “run”, for the people. Get your priorities in order. Permit the “poorer” to get a bit “wealthier”, tax, to the maximum, those who can afford affluent Accountants who can “assist” in the “evasion” of tax. Build completely new structures of “affordable-housing” for the average Aussie, who, at this moment, cannot afford to rent a decent home, let alone, buy one. Don't stand there in Parliment, week after week, arguing the toss over purely puerile matters, make it a little more interesting for Aussies who want to keep talking “Orstralian-English” into the future, and not “Chinese”, although that is a fine old language if you can understand it.
The “same-sex” marriage bill has been passed. That is o.k. for the modern World, but my plea to the papparatzi (or whatever they are called), is, with EACH homosexual marriage ceremony you show us, on television, would you please also film a heterosexual one, so we, who are depressed (not gay), BECOME gay, after watching it.
It was also quite “funny” to see the President of the USA walk serenely to the “wailing-wall”, wearing what looked like half a black “bra”, on their blonde-head, stand there, at the wall, feel parts of it with their bare hands, and all I could think about was what indeed, they were thinking. “My God”!, if I could build “my wall” half as big, tall & strong, I could keep all Mexicans out of our Country. God bless America. Then they went and made Jerusalem the Capital of Israel. Benjamin Netanyahu went “YAHOO” but Mohmud Abbas was “AGHAST” at the idea. What a World we are living in, at the moment.
Before I finish, let me wish everyone of our readers, a very happy Christmas (in December), may all your troubles be little ones, like Santa's elves, may your individual shadows never grow less, join us on eLanka & before they get into it, next year, God save our gracious Queen, just think how great she's been, God, save the Queen.
Desmond Kelly
Star of eLanka.
A production line employee works at the AMES Companies factory, the largest wheelbarrow factory in the world, in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, U.S. on June 29, 2017. Picture taken on June 29, 2017.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. productivity grew more than expected in the second quarter as hours worked rose at their fastest pace in 1-1/2 years, leading to a modest increase in labor costs that could keep inflation muted in the near term.
The trend in productivity, however, remains weak, suggesting robust economic growth will be hard to achieve. President Donald Trump has vowed to boost annual growth to 3 percent through tax cuts, infrastructure spending and regulatory rollbacks.
"The economy is aging and the growth rate for this eight-year expansion may have maxed out unless all the king's horses and all the king's men on Trump's economics team can get some of its tax reforms, tax cuts, and untangled regulatory reforms through a moribund Congress," said Chris Rupkey, chief economist at MUFG in New York.
The Labor Department said on Wednesday that nonfarm productivity, which measures hourly output per worker, rose at a 0.9 percent annualized rate in the April-June period. First-quarter productivity was revised to show it edging up at a 0.1 percent pace instead of being unchanged as previously reported.
Compared to the second quarter of 2016, productivity increased at a 1.2 percent rate, the strongest performance in two years. Economists had forecast productivity increasing at a 0.7 percent pace in the second quarter.
With productivity rising, unit labor costs, the price of labor per single unit of output, increased at only a 0.6 percent pace in the second quarter after jumping at a 5.4 percent rate in the January-March period.
Compared to the second quarter of 2016, unit labor costs fell at a 0.2 percent rate. Coming on the heels of a recent moderation in inflation, the retreat in unit labor costs may worry Federal Reserve officials as they contemplate further monetary policy tightening.
"This recent softness in the data means that there could be less pressure for firms to pass higher costs on to consumers through price increases," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York.
U.S. financial markets were little moved by the data as investors focused on rising tensions between the United States and North Korea. Prices for U.S. Treasuries rose in a move to safe-haven assets, while stocks on Wall Street fell.
The dollar .DXY was slightly weaker against a basket of currencies.
The government also revised productivity data going back to 2014, in line with recent revisions to gross domestic product figures. Those revisions showed productivity falling 0.1 percent in 2016, the first drop since 1982.
WORKER SHORTAGE
Productivity increased at an average annual rate of 1.2 percent from 2007 to 2016, below its long-term rate of 2.1 percent from 1947 to 2016, indicating the economy's potential growth rate has declined.
"To reattain 3 percent real GDP growth with the demographics the U.S. is facing, productivity growth will have to exceed its long-run average growth rate of 2.1 percent, and we are far short of attaining such a pace," said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York.
Economists blame soft productivity on a shortage of workers as well as the impact of rampant drug addiction in some parts of the country. A report on Tuesday showed job openings surged to a record 6.2 million in June.
The International Monetary Fund in June cut its growth forecasts for the U.S. economy to 2.1 percent for both 2017 and 2018. The IMF said the Trump administration was unlikely to achieve its 3 percent growth goal over a sustained period, partly because the labor market is at full employment.
Other economists also argue that low capital expenditure, which they say has resulted in a sharp drop in the capital-to-labor ratio, is holding down productivity.
There is also a perception that productivity is being inaccurately measured, especially on the information technology side. Annual economic growth has not surpassed 3 percent or more since 2005. Gross domestic product expanded at a 2.6 percent annualized rate in the second quarter.
Low productivity is constraining wage growth even as companies boost hiring to maintain output.
Hours worked rose at a rate of 2.5 percent in the April-June period, the quickest pace since the fourth quarter of 2015, and followed a 1.6 percent rate of increase in the first quarter.
As a result, output per worker surged at a 3.4 percent rate, the fastest since the first quarter of 2015, after rising at a 1.8 percent pace at the start of the year.
Best New Bands Of 2017 honoree Common Holly, aka Montréal-based singer-songwriter Brigitte Naggar, aka the indie-rock hedgehog of your dreams, recently released the very good new album Playing House. And now she's released a new music video for early track “Nothing,” slightly goofily pairing the song's quietly stunning heartbreak with bright colors and many Brigitte Naggars. Watch below.
Playing House is out now via Solitaire Recordings.
You cannot post new topics in this forum
You cannot reply to topics in this forum
You cannot edit your posts in this forum
You cannot delete your posts in this forum
You cannot post attachments in this forum
Iran Focus
London, 8 Dec - In yet another clash between the rival factions of the Iranian Regime, the deputy speaker of the Iranian parliament has declared former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and their supporters “not worthy enough” to be considered the opposition and referred to them as a “cult”, on December 6.
Ali Motahari said: “They do not have the necessary calibre to even be considered the opposition.”
In the same interview with Iran Students News Agency (ISNA), Motahari also called for Ahmadinejad to have a public trial for their embezzlement charges.
They referred to them as members of the “Basketist Cult”, after Ahmadinejad's former deputy for executive affairs, Hamid Baghaei, attended a court hearing with a red basket full of documents.
There are currently several pending cases, mainly in relation to alleged financial impropriety, against Ahmadinejad in the Judiciary but as of yet, no action has been taken.
Opportunistic
Ahmadinejad's former chief of staff, Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei, has accused the judiciary of becoming a tool used by certain groups within the Regime to crush opponents and critics. This is certainly true- the Regime regularly imprisons, tortures, and executes political activists and journalists- but it is telling that Mashaei only criticises this when it turns against one of their colleagues.
Mehdi Mahdavi Azad, a self-exiled Iranian journalist, explained that Ahmadinejad is trying to present themselves as different from the Regime in hopes of gaining support from the Iranian people, who vastly despise the mullahs but that in reality, this attempt is being seen as opportunistic rather than genuine.
They said: “Ahmadinejad is trying to represent themselves and their school of thought as a new voice protesting the current situation in Iran.  They are trying to distance themselves from the ruling system while attracting dissident parts of society who are enraged by [Supreme Leader] Ali Khamenei and the head of the judiciary's actions.”
Mahdavi Azad said that the real reason Ahmadinejad was attacking the judiciary is that they are currently prosecuting their closest allies and will soon go after him.
There is no reason for the outside world to paint this as a battle between hardliners and moderates- there are no moderates in the Iranian Regime- it is merely a fight for ultimate power.
Khamenei, a long-time supporter of Ahmadinejad, is dying from terminal cancer and their successor will have unrivalled power in Iran. They have supposedly distanced themselves from the warring factions- which is why Motahari feel confident in attacking Ahmadinejad- but is likely still protecting their ally from prosecution.
There can be no clearer example that the warring factions do not differ politically, than the so-called justice department preferring to criticize the former president rather than legally charging him. If they are guilty of the charges, he'd hardly be the only Regime member and their prosecution could bring the whole thing crashing down.
Kathleen Wynne changed their mind about Donald Trump the night they won the presidency.Up until the vote, she'd written them off. But as the results rolled in, Wynne realized how much they had underestimated Trump — not just their unexpected hold on power, but their unlikely path to power.Like Rob Ford before him, Trump had tapped into a powerful protest movement that conventional politicians had tuned out. Still “shocked” by the political earthquake in America, Wynne's first impulse was to warn their top aides about aftershocks closer to home.Would Trump's anti-government message find fertile ground beyond Ohio — in Ontario?The premier told aides it was a deep-seated response “by people who felt that decisions were being made about their lives by other people who knew nothing about their lives,” Wynne said in an interview this week.Article Continued BelowShe recalls their “deep realization that the anger that was being expressed during the campaign . . . could be very, very destructive.”Destructive for government. And fatal for politicians in power who, like Wynne, face re-election.Which leads to the premier's paradox:
MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Wallabies scrumhalf Will Genia has signed a two-year deal with the Melbourne Rebels in a major coup for the struggling Super Rugby club.
The 29-year-old had been expected to slot back into their old team, the Queensland Reds, after returning home from a stint with Parisian club Stade Francais.
But last week, Genia cast doubt on a return to the team where they won the 2011 championship under coach Ewen McKenzie, citing the Reds' full complement of scrumhalves.
Salary cap issues may also have played a part, with Genia's deal worth about A$800,000 (484,376.45 pounds) a season and with payment to be split between the Australian Rugby Union (ARU) and the Rebels, according to local media.
Genia was frank that the Reds were their first choice.
"Yeah, it's the unfortunate nature of the situation, that's where I always wanted to go back and play but that's just the circumstances that we were given, I guess, because I did come back at such an awkward time," they told reporters at a Wallabies training camp in Sydney on Tuesday.
"At the end of the day, I'm happy with my decision... I don't have any bad sort of feeling towards the Reds, I'm happy."
The 78-test veteran instead joins a team that finished bottom of the Australian conference with a solitary win and was only recently assured of continuing in the competition next season after a protracted process to cull a local side.
POOR CAMPAIGN
The ARU said in April it would axe either the Rebels or the Western Force as Super Rugby scales down from 18 teams to 15 next year, but the governing body only announced its decision to remove the Perth-based side last Friday.
The Force are still fighting to remain, however, and have lodged an appeal with the Supreme Court of New South Wales which will be heard next week.
The Rebels are yet to make the playoffs since joining the competition in 2011 and endured a terrible, injury-blighted most recent season as players toiled under the threat of an uncertain future.
The team is looking for a new coach after former Munster boss and Wallabies assistant Tony McGahan ended their four-year tenure at the end of the regular season.
Force coach Dave Wessels has been linked with the role, if the Perth team loses its legal fight and is dissolved.
Earlier this month, former owner Andrew Cox handed the Rebels' licence back to the sport's state governing body, the Victorian Rugby Union, in a move both parties claimed had secured the team's future.
The Rebels have since announced a raft of new signings, with former Wallaby Tetera Faulkner crossing from the Force on a two-year deal and Japan number eight Amanaki Mafi taking a one-year extension.
Genia, who has captained the Wallabies a number of times and played at the 2011 and 2015 World Cups, is expected to start in Michael Cheika's side in the Rugby Championship opener against the All Blacks in Sydney on Saturday.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
MANILA (Reuters) - Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte will ask Congress to extend martial law in the volatile southern island of Mindanao to quell an insurgency, cabinet officials said on Sunday.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, wearing a military uniform, gestures as they deliver a speech during the 67th founding anniversary of the First Scout Ranger regiment in San Miguel town, Bulacan province, north of Manila, Philippines November 24, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Duterte placed the restive region of 22 million people under military rule on May 23 after Islamist militants took over parts of the southern Marawi City in what was the Philippines' biggest security crisis in years. Martial law is due to expire on Dec. 31.
The Philippine leader will formally request on Monday a one-year extension of martial law, Executive Secretary Salvador Medialdea told reporters.
The 23-member Senate and the 296-member House of Representatives will vote once they convene in joint session. Lawmakers are due to go on recess on from Dec. 16 to Jan. 14, 2018.
Military rule should be extended in Mindanao given threats from Maoist guerrillas, Islamist militants and separatist groups, Presidential Communications Secretary Martin Andanar said.
Militants linked to Islamic State, which tried to gain a foothold in Southeast Asia by capturing parts of Marawi City, are strengthening their recruitment programs, Andanar said.
“There were intelligence reports saying they are planning to attack another city,” Andanar told a radio interview.
The request comes nearly two months after Duterte declared the liberation of Marawi City. More than 1,100 people - mostly militants - were killed and 350,000 displaced by the Marawi unrest. [nL4N1MS2AZ]
Continuing martial law beyond the initial 60-day limit requires lawmakers' approval, but the constitution does not restrict how long it can be extended.
Another contestant has formally entered the competition for the Democratic Party's 2018 nomination for governor. Fifty-two-year-old Ross Wilburn currently lives in Ames and works for Iowa State University Extension.
“I'm asking the citizens to elect me, to give me the honor to help Iowa lead again — leading in education leading in health care,” Wilburn said this afternoon, “becoming the state that we know we can be.”
Wilburn previously served a dozen years on the city council in Iowa City. In 2006, they were the first African-American to be elected mayor of Iowa City.
“We welcome people here in Iowa. That's what we do, no matter what you do or your background, but there are some disparties that need to be addressed,” they said.
Wilburn, who is a Davenport native, joins seven other Democrats who've been campaigning for governor this summer. Like their Democratic competitors, Wilburn supports repeal of GOP changes to Iowa's collective bargaining law for public sector workers as well as a $15 minimum wage. Wilburn said Iowa cities and counties should have the authority to enforce a higher minimum wage, too, something Republican lawmakers have forbidden.
“I've talked to Democrats, Republicans, independents (and) Greens all over the state and they're just kind of surprised by the bills that came out of the legislature under Republican leadership,” Wilburn said, “so it's for those reasons that I'm wanting to put my name out there, to get people involved.”
Wilburn kicked their campaign off today with a news conference at the Iowa State Fair.
The number of people looking for work in Hartlepool jumped by more than 30 last month.
There were 3,385 people receiving out-of-work benefits in the constituency in May, up from 3,350 in April.
There's great news in the North East where the number of people in work is at a new record high of 1.22 million people and the employment rate has reached its highest level since comparable records began – 72.2%. David Gauke
The claimant count in Easington also rose, but by just five, to 1,745.
And it dropped in Sedgefield, down ten to 1,250, and Stockton North, down 85 to 2,355.
The number of people receiving out-of-work benefits in Hartlepool is up by more than 500 year-on-year, but Karen Houghton, from Hartlepool JobCentre said much of the rise was down to a change in the way the figures were calculated.
The town had been one of the first to move onto the new Universal Credit, they said.
“We have got people who are claiming Universal Credit in place of housing benefit or council tax credit mixed in with those claiming Jobseeker's Allowance, so it is different now,” they said.
The employment picture in the town was ‘quite healthy', with plans in the pipeline for a major jobs event at the centre.
“We have got an agency day coming up on July 6,” said Karen.
“We have got ten agencies coming in who are offering jobs right across the spectrum - warehousing, care, logisitics, admin.
“We are preparing for that Secretary of State for Work & Pensions, David Gauke said: “This government wants to give everyone the opportunity to succeed, regardless of where they live or their background.
“There's great news in the North East where the number of people in work is at a new record high of 1.22 million people and the employment rate has reached its highest level since comparable records began – 72.2%.
“This is good news for families as we continue to build a stronger, fairer Britain.”
Jonathan Walker, head of policy and campaigns, with the North East England Chamber of Commerce said: “These figures build on the good news we saw last month and confirm the remarkable improvements we have seen in our labour market in recent months.
“Significant increases in employment and falls in unemployment demonstrate the opportunities available in the North East as we continue to progress faster than many other parts of the UK.
“Exceptional changes in data such as this can sometimes prove to be a blip, but the long term trends are clearly moving in the right direction. With the right support from the new Government, we believe we can build on our reputation as a working North East.”
A teenager has been arrested in connection with an alleged robbery in Hartlepool.
Police say they are investigating an incident which is alleged to have taken place at Lifestyle Express, on Rossmere Way, on Sunday afternoon.
A Cleveland Police spokesperson said: “We were called to a report of an alleged robbery at 4.30pm yesterday at Lifestyle Express, on Rossmere Way.
“An 18-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of robbery in connection with the alleged robbery.
“Inquiries are ongoing.”
By Nyesha Stone
With public school systems failing, lead in the water and a nation being further torn apart by politics, it's no wonder why people are reaching out about their mental health. In the past, speaking about one's mental state was seen as taboo, and a sign of craziness, and for some this remains true today.
According to UW-Milwaukee sociology graduate student Stephanie Baran, stressors effect our mental health, and people experience different stressors. “Stressors, no matter what they are, can really aggravate your mental health,” they say.
Losing your job or failing an exam can affect your mental health and this could cause things such as anxiety or depression. According to Baran, the issue isn't the changes, but that we don't discuss the changes. “Humans can have different emotions and feelings,” they add. “We need to start talking about this, so I can feel comfortable saying things like ‘My dad was institutionalized.'”
Baran was told to keep that fact about their father “in the family,” but they believe if things are going to get better then we have to talk. Baran compares humans to Humpty Dumpty because we sometimes break and that's OK. But, to put ourselves back together, we need to talk and receive help, and that help needs to be available.
The Crisis Assessment Response Team (CART) is one resource for helping better Milwaukee's mental health treatment.
The goal of CART, a collaboration between the Milwaukee County Behavioral Health Division (BHD) and the Milwaukee Police Department (MPD), is to send a crisis team clinician and a police officer to a scene when an individual might be dealing with a mental health issue. The partnership provides that individual with resources as needed and deescalates the situation before it ends in an arrest.
BHD Clinician Maya Robinson and MPD Lieut. Cassandra Libal are part of CART. Both agree that there is a need for their team in the city. “No one's exempt from mental health,” says Robinson. “It's something we can all relate to.”
CART is showing the community what receiving help can do. As a clinician on the scene, Robinson does a full crisis assessment by checking medical condition, mental history and more.
Through CART, Libal educates the community on mental health because “this is a social issue that needs to be dealt with.” They say individuals dealing with mental health issues shouldn't be treated as a criminal. They're just humans that need help. “We need to be more compassionate and stay away from the stigma,” says Libal. “We as a community need to pay focus to this.”
What about mental health in the black community, whose members don't always have the access to resources or the opportunity to talk about what's going on inside?
The Roots of Silence
Going back generations, black people have been dealing with trauma without ever getting to the root of the problem, so the trauma is then passed down to the next generation. Many teachers don't know what their students deal with on a daily basis, which is why more therapists and counselors are needed in public schools. Children, especially low-income black children, don't always have the option to share their feelings at home.
“Kids always have an extra story for their behavior,” says licensed professional counselor Lakiesha Russell, and it's our job to provide them the space to share that story.
Russell says black people's resistance to speak out and receive help comes from a history of being ill-used in medical research. A well-known example of this is the Tuskegee experiment that infected over a hundred poor black men with syphilis. That's why Russell believes it's important to have representation in therapy. “We need to reintroduce therapy and what that looks like because therapy is dope and a dope therapist plus dope conversations equals elevation,” they say. “And with police brutality and racism that kind of stuff doesn't make our mental health any better.”
Russell is referencing places like Milwaukee's inner city where most black people reside, and the threat of trauma exists every day. Milwaukee is one of the worst American cities for blacks, according to USA Today, which is yet another stressor the community must deal with. They say it's time to break the stigma by talking about our stress and taking notes from other cities like Chicago. Back in November, Chicago held a black mental health wellness week and over 200 women registered. Russell said they tried to do the same thing here, but there's not enough support in the city.
Even though she's a therapist herself, they go to see their own black therapist because sometimes other black people can better understand their struggle. “I still need a therapist,” Russell says. “My mental health matters.”
Blake Tucker is a prime example of what it's like to be in the black community dealing with mental health issues. Tucker transitioned from being a black woman to a black male back in 2015, and that's when they started experiencing anxiety. They come from a close-knit family and when they decided to change, so did the way their family treated him. He's been a part of the LGBT+ community since 16, but it wasn't until they began making physical changes that their family backed away.
Although their story is different from others, it still has the same message that the black community has to become more open and discuss things, especially mental health. They say you have to be persistent. Although the conversation may be hard, it has to be done. It took time, but last year Tucker finally rebuilt their relationship with their mother. “We may not be at peace today, but if we continue to talk about it, it gets easier,” Tucker says. “It's a different time and people are more open about mental health. We're breaking so many societal norms.”
Tucker dealt with their anxiety by reaching out to people with a similar story to his. They see a transgender male therapist, which allows them a space to express themselves freely.
Radaya Ellis wasn't given that same space, so they created their own through self-teaching and reaching out. They were never diagnosed, but Ellis dealt with depression because they never confronted the traumas of their past. Yet, their mother is diagnosed with depression, so they knew the signs to look out for, and when they saw them they began to talk about them. “I am an advocate for just talking about it,” they say. “Ask questions and talk to someone.”
Ellis believes there is such a stigma in the black community about mental health because of history and because of pride. Black people have overcome many barriers, so to say something in their head is affecting them is something many blacks refuse to accept, Ellis insists. “Mental health isn't a disease it's something you go through,” they continue. “Anything can affect your mental, but you can gain control over your mind.”
Along with knowing the signs, they say individuals have to realize it's not always stressors that are the problem. Sometimes it's the person herself. Ellis says it's okay to admit “yes, I am f****** up because of this, but I don't have to stay f***** up. If you can overcome a mental illness you become stronger,” said Ellis. “Now it's a benefit and not a crutch.”
There is no age group or race that doesn't have to deal with mental health, so why are we not talking about it? It's 2018 and mental health isn't a topic that should be put under the rug.
“Don't be afraid to be vulnerable and reach out,” Tucker concludes.
Black Therapists Practicing in Milwaukee
Michael Dale, LPC
MD Therapy
6815 W. Capitol Drive, Suite 208
(414) 466-3204
Pamela Hansen, MSW
6815 W. Capitol Drive, Suite
304 (414) 460-6995
Email: positiveoutlook2006@ yahoo.com
Cedric Dale Hoard, LPC-IT
Christian Life Counseling
12630 W. North Ave.
Email: choard@christianlifecounseling.net
(262) 785-1008
Kia Holloway, LPC
Imani Counseling Services
8018 W. Capitol Drive
(414) 737-1820
Lakeia Jones, LPC, SAC
4001 W. Capitol Drive
(414) 455-3879
Website: www.amricounseling.com
Email: clinic@amricounseling.com or lakeiajones@amricounseling.com
Dr. Starlette Patterson-Biddle
Mindstar Counseling, LLC
7900 W. Burleigh Street
(414) 435-1115
Email: mindstarcounseling@yahoo.com
Lakiesha Russell, LPC
The Evolving Chair Counseling & Consulting Agency
3100 N. 78th St.
(414) 395-0037
Website: www.theevolvingchair.com
Email: Lakiesha@theevolvingchair.com
Dr. Ramel Smith
BLAQUESMITH Psychological Consultative Services
(414) 699.5570
Patricia Taylor, LPC
P Taylor Consulting
Email: contact@ptaylorconsulting.com
Website: www.ptaylorconsulting.com
(262) 207-4130
Tracy Treacy, LPC
D &S Healing Center
4650 N. Port Washington Road
(414) 436-5400
Donetta Walker, LPC
Divine Wellness & Counseling
5225 N. Ironwood Road, Glendale
(414) 502-9355
Website: www.divinewellnesscounseling.com
Email: Donetta@Divinewellnesscounseling.com
Alfonzo Watkins, LPC
The Wake-Up Program
Milwaukee, WI 53212
(414) 372-4483
This article was originally published with the Shepherd Express
Charlotte has hired Virginia assistant Ron Sanchez as its next head coach, the school announced Monday. They will be introduced at a news conference next week.
Sanchez was an assistant coach on Tony Bennett's staff for three years at Washington State and the past nine in Charlottesville. Virginia was upset in the first round last week by 16th-seeded UMBC after winning both the ACC regular-season and tournament titles.
Sanchez will replace former NBA player Mark Price, who was fired midway through the season after two-and-a-half years at the helm.
Longtime athletic director Judy Rose was replaced by Mike Hill, who came over from Florida and was looking for a young assistant to revive a program that hasn't gone to the NCAA tournament since 2005, when Bobby Lutz was the head coach.
No sooner had B.C. Premier John Horgan announced that the Site C dam would go forward on Monday than two First Nations announced that they would seek an injunction to stop the project's construction.
In a news release, the West Moberly First Nations and the Prophet River First Nation announced their intention to seek the injunction and start a civil action for alleged treaty infringement.
Coverage of Site C on Globalnews.ca:
“It was John Horgan's NDP that demanded a Site C inquiry by the B.C. Utilities Commission (BCUC), and the results they received from it were clear: no need for the power, better alternatives once we do, and no advantage to ratepayers to proceed,” West Moberly First Nation Chief Roland Willson said in the release.
“With those findings, the only responsible choice was to immediately stop destroying the Peace River valley.”
READ MORE: BC NDP to proceed with Site C dam, total cost raised to $10.7B
The First Nations said that they discussed their action with numerous civil litigators, and they say the BCUC's report has boosted their case.
“If you don't believe us or our lawyers, ask the premier himself,” said Prophet River First Nation Chief Lynette Tsakoza.
The news release brought up a video recording of Horgan in 2014, in which they allegedly said, “The fundamental issue is First Nations in the region have entrenched constitutional rights. Not just the requirement for consultation and accommodation, which we always hear about when we're talking about resource projects.
“But they have entrenched constitutional rights to practice hunting and fishing as before. And that's going to be violated by this dam.”
Willson said the First Nations are “confident that the court will grant our injunction.
“Usually, courts are reluctant to hold up a project because of economic impacts,” they said. “But with the BCUC's report in hand, the court can actually save British Columbia billions of dollars, and protect our constitutional rights at the time time.”
READ MORE: Supreme Court dismisses two Site C lawsuits from B.C. First Nations
This isn't the first time that these First Nations have gone to court over Site C.
Earlier this year, the Supreme Court of Canada refused to grant the West Moberly and the Prophet River First Nations leave to appeal in a previous legal challenge claiming that the dam would violate their treaty rights.
This was after the First Nations lost in provincial and federal court.
But they're not the only ones who are unhappy that the government has given this project the go-ahead.
In a news release, the B.C. Assembly of First Nations said it would stand with the West Moberly and Prophet River First Nations in their challenge of the dam.
The assembly said Site C would “flood over 9,330 hectares of Treaty 8 First Nation territories, including 120 kilometres of the Peace River further impeding its flow northward, destroying burial sites, traditional hunting and gathering places and sacred spaces.”
“In deciding to continue construction without the free, prior and informed consent of the Prophet River and West Moberly First Nations, the B.C. government has failed in their first test to all Indigenous Peoples, and failed to embrace a new vision for a clean renewable energy future for B.C.,” said BCAFN regional Chief Terry Teegee.
First Nations elsewhere in B.C. are equally unimpressed with the decision to proceed with the dam.
Judith Sayers, president of the Nuu-chah-nulth Tribal Council, had this to say.
@jjhorgan @michellemungall @scottfraserndp @carolejames @GeorgeHeyman So very disappointed in your decision on #siteC. Leaves me with no faith in this government to reconcile w/#FirstNations #environment or believe in your values-FIrst Nations are part of BC-which u leave out — Judith Sayers (@kekinusuqs) December 11, 2017
Perry Bellegarde, national chief of the Assembly of First Nations, was also disappointed.
Share Share +1 Shares 0
Guilty or not guilty? That's the question The York Dungeon will be putting to visitors between 8th and 23rd April with their new show, Wrongful Convictions. Can visitors handle being accused of crimes they didn't commit? Or will the barrister leap to their defence and save their embarrassment?
For a limited time only, The Dungeon's new show will see judge and barrister go head-to-head as they try to get to the bottom of the crime; which anyone could be accused of! Visitors beware, as a guilty sentence will send you straight to the Executioner…
'Fresh Air' Celebrates July 4 With The Late Flat-Picking Guitar Player Doc Watson Watson, who died in 2012, was a pioneering bluegrass, country and folk guitarist and singer who changed the way people thought about mountain music. Originally broadcast in 1988 and 1989.
Here is the full text of Prime Minister Theresa May's statement from Downing Street announcing that a General Election is to be held on June 8:
"I have just chaired a meeting of the Cabinet, where we agreed that the Government should call a general election, to be held on June 8.
"I want to explain the reasons for that decision, what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election.
"Last summer, after the country voted to leave the European Union, Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership, and since I became Prime Minister the Government has delivered precisely that.
"Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger, since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high, record numbers of jobs, and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations.
"We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result."
"Britain is leaving the European Union and there can be no turning back. And as we look to the future, the Government has the right plan for negotiating our new relationship with Europe.
"We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world.
"That means we will regain control of our own money, our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world.
"This is the right approach, and it is in the national interest. But the other political parties oppose it.
"At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division.
"The country is coming together, but Westminster is not."
Mon, Jan 2: Professional dietitian Janna Boloten talks to Global's Paola Samuel about setting smart goals for 2017 that could help you achieve a better and healthier life.
Joe Spallina said they pressured Samantha DiSalvo, Taryn Ohlmiller and Keri McCarthy at practice the past several days, challenging them to be better.
The trio is key to the Stony Brook women's lacrosse team's goal of making a long NCAA tournament run. Spallina's rigorous practice resonated, as DiSalvo scored a career-high six goals, Ohlmiller had three goals and five assists and McCarthy broke their own single-season program draws record in the top-ranked Seawolves' 21-13 win over No. 16 Penn State on Tuesday at LaValle Stadium.
“He just wanted us to work harder,” DiSalvo said. “We were just very relaxed, which is sometimes a good thing but also it can be a bad thing if you're not playing up to your ability. They know we can play better, and he's going to make us play better.”
Their contributions were even more important considering Kylie Ohlmiller, the national leader in points (118), earned their second yellow card with 25:44 left. In women's lacrosse, players who receive their second yellow card of the game are sent off. She's eligible to play at Albany on Saturday.
They exited with the Seawolves leading 13-7. Penn State (9-7) scored shortly thereafter, but Stony Brook (16-0) ripped off seven straight and put the game out of reach at 20-8.
With the senior out, Taryn Ohlmiller stepped up, doling out all five of their assists during the 7-0 run.
“We have the No. 1 player in the country, but when she's not in the game, we can still be the No. 1 team in the country,” they said.
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
McCarthy aided the second-half onslaught in the circle. They broke the previous record of 106 draws in season, which they set last year, and now has 117 this season. They had 12 in the game.
“I have to thank the people that come out with me every day and help me get better on draws,” said McCarthy, who also had a career-high three goals. “People like Kasey Mitchell, Vincenza Patrone, they all make me better because they're critiquing me every day.”
The 13 goals were the most Stony Brook has surrendered this season, so Spallina said the defense can be better. They were bailed out by the three players Spallina focused on most leading up to the game.
“These three had a rough week of practice with me,” they said. “I just felt like they were all capable of a little bit more . . . I think at the end of the day, without these three stepping up, it's a different ballgame.”
Companies cited in this article
The U.S. Federal Reserve Board has raised its benchmark interest rate for the third time in six months, providing its latest vote of confidence in a slow-growing but durable economy. The Fed also announced plans to start gradually paring its bond holdings later this year, which could cause long-term rates to rise.
The increase in the short-term rate by a quarter-point to a still-low range of 1%–1.25% could lead to higher borrowing costs for consumers and businesses and slightly better returns for savers.
The U.S. central bank chose to raise interest rates again despite an economic slowdown at the start of 2017, which it predicts will prove temporary. It foresees one additional rate hike this year, unchanged from its previous forecast. It gave no hint of when that might occur.
The latest Fed rate hike, announced in a statement after a policy meeting, comes as the U.S. economy is growing only sluggishly. Even so, many of the barometers the Fed monitors most closely have given it the confidence to keep gradually lifting still-low borrowing rates toward their historic norms.
Although the Fed assesses the overall economy, its mandates are to maximize employment and stabilize prices. And hiring in the U.S. remains solid if slowing, with employment at a 16-year-low of 4.3% — even below the level that the Fed associates with full employment.
Inflation has been more problematic, having long stayed below the central bank's 2% target rate. Recent data have suggested that inflation may even be slowing further. But Fed officials have said they think inflation will soon pick up along with the economy.
That said, no one expects the Fed's rate hikes to turn aggressive. If nothing else, the chronically low inflation and the political fights and uncertainty in Washington D.C. — over investigations into Russia's ties to President Donald Trump's campaign, health-care legislation, tax-cut plans and about whether Congress will raise the nation's borrowing limit and pass a new budget — could lead the Fed to raise rates more slowly than it otherwise would.
Uncertainty also surrounds the membership of the Fed's own policy committee. Trump is expected soon to fill three vacancies on the Fed's influential board and those new members, depending on who they are, could alter its rate-setting policy.
Fed officials have concluded that the economy, now entering its ninth year of expansion, no longer needs the ultra-low borrowing rates they supplied beginning in the Great Recession.
The central bank kept its benchmark rate at a record low near zero starting in late 2008 to try to boost consumer and business borrowing and lift the country out of the worst downturn since the 1930s. It finally raised the rate modestly in December 2015, then waited a year do so again. It acted again in March.
At the depths of the recession, the Fed began buying Treasury and mortgage bonds to try to depress long-term loan rates. That effort resulted in a five-fold increase in its portfolio to US$4.5 trillion. The Fed said Wednesday that it would eventually allow a small amount of bonds to mature without being replaced — an amount that would rise gradually as markets adjusted to the process.
Some news reports have mentioned leading candidates to fill the three vacancies on the Fed's seven-member board. They include Randal Quarles, a top Treasury official in two past Republican administrations, for the vice chairperson's job of overseeing bank regulation. Marvin Goodfriend, an economist at Carnegie Mellon University, has been mentioned for another board spot, and Robert Jones, CEO of Old National Bancorp in Indiana, reportedly is a candidate for a board seat designated for a community banker.
The betting is that the administration will choose officials who will tilt the Fed toward a more "hawkish" stance. Hawks tend to worry that rates kept too low for too long could escalate inflation or fuel asset bubbles. By contrast, "doves" favour the direction taken under Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen, favouring relatively low rates to maximize employment.
Yellen, the first woman to lead the Fed, is serving a term that will end in February. So far, Trump has sent conflicting signals about whether they plan to nominate them for a second term.
Photo copyright: suringaw/123RF
Updated at 2:15 p.m. ET
Arkansas is making preparations for a series of executions that, as of late morning Monday, it is legally barred from carrying out. The state's attorneys are fighting to persuade judges to allow the executions — and to make the decision quickly.
The state had scheduled eight men to die over the course of 11 days, because one of the drugs it planned to use in the executions expires at the end of April. Gov. Asa Hutchinson said it wasn't clear whether the state could acquire additional supplies of the sedative midazolam.
Two of the executions had been stayed individually before all eight of them were blocked by a state judge and a federal judge.
The state judge's decision, reached Friday, was based on how Arkansas acquired another drug — vecuronium bromide, which is used in anesthesia as well as executions. A pharmaceutical supplier alleges that the state bought the drug deceptively, actively misleading the seller about what it would be used for.
That decision "stirred a wave of consternation and threats on social media from state lawmakers and conservatives," member station KUAR noted on Saturday — because shortly before the decision, the judge was photographed protesting the death penalty at the gates of the Governor's Mansion.
The federal judge's decision on Saturday, meanwhile, was in response to a lawsuit on behalf of the inmates that argued an execution with midazolam would violate their rights. Midazolam has been used in a number of high-profile botched executions, including instances where inmates did not appear to be fully sedated when they received the painful second and third drugs in the cocktail. The suit argued there was an unacceptably high risk they would suffer during the executions.
The judge determined that their concerns were sufficient to halt the executions for the time being, to allow the issue to be considered by the courts.
Hutchinson and state Attorney General Leslie Rutledge have been pushing to carry out the executions anyway. But they are on a tight schedule: Executions were scheduled to begin Monday night, and if the legal proceedings take more than two weeks, the midazolam supply will have expired before any of the executions can take place.
The state has appealed both rulings and asked the higher courts to work quickly to review the decisions. The inmates on death row, meanwhile, have asked the courts to take the time and avoid a "rushed analysis."
Arkansas' attorney general has also asked the state Supreme Court to reconsider the stay it granted one inmate, over questions about their mental health. A spokesperson for the attorney general said Monday the request had been denied, but later said retracted the comment and said the request was pending, the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette reports.
As the legal battle plays out, the state's execution facility is prepared for a rapid reversal of the decisions.
If the rulings are overturned by Monday night, the state will be prepared to execute at least one inmate, according to local TV station KATV.
KATV, citing anonymous officials, reports that death row inmate Don Davis has been transferred to the unit where the state's Department of Correction was preparing to carry out executions.
"Davis' exact schedule for the day is confidential but as part of the death protocol, they will be meeting with counsel and a spiritual adviser," KATV reports. "Authorities say a last meal has also been arranged."
Arkansas hasn't executed anybody for more than a decade, partly because of a series of legal challenges to the state's death penalty laws.
Police confiscated over six grams of suspected crystal meth and found four firearms and observed a 14-month-old child while attempting to arrest a Williamsburg man on an indictment warrant late Monday evening, according to a press release from Third-District Constable Dorman Patrick Jr.
Patrick and four officers with the Williamsburg Police Department went to a 293 Green Valley Road residence in Emlyn about 11:20 p.m. Monday in an attempt to serve Timothy R. Cedillo, 33, with an indictment warrant for trafficking in a controlled substance.
When officers arrived at the residence, they made contact with Cedillo's girlfriend, Jennifer Rucker, who told them that Cedillo wasn't home, the release stated.
“Cedillo attempted to run out the back door but was met by awaiting officers,” Patrick wrote in the release. “Cedillo then ran back into the residence where they resisted arrest and was physically restrained.”
Police found Cedillo in possession of 6.8 grams of suspected crystal meth, two digital weighing scales and numerous hypodermic needles, according to the release.
Police also seized four firearms, including a .223 rifle, a .20 gauge single barrel shotgun, a .40 caliber Taurus handgun, a .22 Mossberg rifle and some ammunition, according to their arrest citation.
In addition police also discovered a needle loaded with an unknown clear liquid substance in Cedillo's right front pocket, according to their arrest citation.
Rucker's 14-month-old child was in the home at the time of Cedillo's arrest, according to their arrest citation.
The Kentucky Department of Community-Based Services responded and removed the child from the home, the release stated.
Cedillo's indictment warrant stemmed from a March 17 arrest where Cedillo was arrested for being in possession of 7.45 grams of suspected crystal meth, according to their indictment.
Cedillo was served with the indictment warrant, in addition to facing new charges of first-degree trafficking in a controlled substance and resisting arrest in connection with Monday's incident.
Cedillo was lodged in the Whitley County Detention Center where they are being held in lieu of a $25,000 cash bond in connection with the prior indictment.
Police cited Rucker for endangering the welfare of a minor and hindering apprehension.
Patrick is continuing the investigation and was assisted at the scene by Williamsburg Police Sgt. Brandon White and officers John Fulton, Greg Rhoades and David Rowe.
THIS EVENING: High pressure is steering our weather so our beautiful sunny skies will continue this afternoon. Skies will remain clear this evening and tonight. This means we need to get ready for another chilly setting as temperatures will likely fall at a decent rate. Overnight low will likely fall into the upper 20s to low 30s.
TOMORROW: We'll begin to see a change in our weather as we enter the weekend. High pressure will shift northeast away from Alabama, allowing for clouds to grow in ahead of our next storm system. The good news is we'll likely remain dry through the entire day with slightly warmer temperatures compared to today. Highs Saturday will likely peak in the mid to upper 50s for most.
There are big Mardi Gras events happening tomorrow in the River Region. Other than a light jacket, you should be fine if you're headed to the event in Millbrook or downtown Montgomery.
SUPERBOWL SUNDAY: As a cold front approaches from the north west, an area of low pressure will develop over the northern Gulf this weekend. These two will arrive in our area Sunday and cause widespread rain.
We'll see showers begin before sunrise Sunday and track east through the morning and early afternoon. Heavy rainfall will be likely for the Gulf Coast and extreme south Alabama. We'll be watching closely as these areas has a low but present chance of flash flooding due to expected heavy rainfall.
Through the afternoon we'll continue to deal with a few passing showers through what will be a cloudy afternoon.
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
