By Ochuko Akuopha
YENAGOA—A non- governmental organisation, Campaign for Development and Democracy in Bayelsa, CDDB, has thrown its weight behind the former Coordinator, Abuja Metropolitan Management Council, Mr. Reuben Okoya, to succeed Governor Seriake Dickson.
Executive Director, CDDB, Dr. Ekiyor Welson, in a statement said Okoya remained its choice for the 2019 governorship race in the predominantly riverine state.
The group fighting to deepen democracy and mobilise people to participate actively in the electoral process , said Okoya was chosen following the conclusion of its “process of searching, finding and endorsing it's preferred candidate for the office of governor.”
According to the group's Executive Director, “The choice of Okoya, an architect, was arrived at from a pool of three other people who sent in their curriculum vitae for scrutiny and vetting, a process that took four months to conclude.”
Welson added that the CDDB in conjunction with the Real Centre came up with 10 criteria upon which the governorship aspirants were assessed.
So far, the strikes have mainly served to one thing: show how determined both sides are. Talks seem to have hit a wall and neither the various unions involved in the strikes or the government appear ready to back down.
Laurent Brun - the rail workers representative for the CGT, France's biggest trade union, says workers are ready to continue this strike for “as long as necessary”.
But behind the scenes, many recognize that it is getting harder for the unions to mobilise workers and the SNCF says the strike is losing steam: the rate of strikers taking part on Monday was the lowest since the industrial action began -- at 17.45%
This figure is significantly lower than the rate of 33.9% registered on April 3rd, the first day of strikes.
Meanwhile, the government has shown no sign of backing down either: French Prime Minister Édouard Philippe has repeatedly said that the situation is unsustainable and has vowed to “see this reform through the end”.
Are people changing their views as the strikes go on?
The strikes have been causing havoc for French commuters two days out of every five since the start of April, but - perhaps not surprisingly as this is France - many people still declare themselves in favour of the movement.
An Ifop poll released on Sunday shows that 43% of French people continue to back the strikers in their quest to defend the ‘cheminot' status that guarantees certain specific rights to railway workers.
Rail unions are gambling on that support to continue their movement, but as weeks turn into months this will be a major test for them.
However, the vast majority of people I have been interviewing actually said the contrary: they don't think the strikes are justified and believe there are other ways to defend the ‘cheminots' cause.
Some said they think it's unfair to “take an entire country hostage” in order to defend one sector of workers.
Globally, there is a certain level of resignation in the air: people have grown used to social movements like the one France is facing now.
In fact in the course of the past 70 years, the SNCF has conducted strikes in 67 of them.
Are they impacting the economy?
Surely, but it has been hard so far to quantify the losses.
The SNCF says it is losing some €20 billion per day of strike, while small shops and boutiques which operate inside train stations across France have been reporting losses of 70% per day during the walkouts.
The French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said rail workers' rolling strikes have started to have an impact in other sectors including tourism, but no definitive figures have been release so far.
Back in 1995, major strikes virtually paralyzed France and cost the country 0.2 percentage points of GDP.
Will we see more industries going on strike in the coming months?
Several other sectors have already joined in this wave of strikes: students, hospital and energy sector staff, trash collectors as well as Air France employees are among those taking part.
And public-sector workers have just called their own day of strikes and demonstrations for May 22. They say they want to denounce low salaries and poor working conditions.
This is the largest and most important industrial unrest since President Emmanuel Macron's election last May and represents one of the toughest challenges yet of their presidency. Whether they will be able to push forward in their project to reform France is anyone's guess. But one this is certain – it will be messy.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Romelu Lukaku reckons that Manchester United have enough within their ranks already to challenge neighbours Manchester City for the Premier League title next season.
Jose Mourinho is expected to be in the market to strengthen their midfield this summer with the retirement of Michael Carrick on the horizon.
Yet, after the signing of Alexis Sanchez to add to their attacking options in January, Lukaku doesn't think the Red Devils need to make any more acquisitions.
Instead they need to focus more on consistency.
“I don't know, you'd have to ask the manager,” Lukaku said.
“I'm really confident in my team-mates. I think we can do it with the team we have now, but we should have showed more consistency throughout the season.
“For us now it is up to us to be more consistent.
“The manager needs to see if they have to add more players but with the players we have now, I think we have enough. We just have to be more consistent.”
Juve in for pair
Serie A club Juventus are planning moves for Manchester United defender Matteo Darmian and Liverpool midfielder Emre Can this summer.
Darmian, a Louis Van Gaal signing, is expected to move on this summer having not found a regular supply of football under Jose Mourinho.
The ex-Torino full-back, it's being reported by the Daily Mail, could return to Italy with the champions.
Can, meanwhile, has a sizeable question mark over their own future at Anfield - their contract is up this summer and has been tipped to leave.
Manager Jurgen Klopp has revealed recently, though, that talks over a new deal to keep them on Merseyside are ongoing.
“What is the situation at the moment? Open. Nothing is decided,” they said at the end of last month.
“We are in talks with them and it is all good so far apart from they haven't yet signed a contract for us.
“That is all, there is no problem with that.”
FOUNTAIN HILLS, Ariz. (CBS News) — A 92-year-old woman shot and killed their 72-year-old son because they wanted to put them in an assisted living facility, according to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office.
In what MCSO described as a “bizarre turn of events,” Anna Mae Blessing is facing one charge each of first-degree murder, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and kidnapping, reports CBS Phoenix affiliate KPHO-TV.
- Advertisement -
Deputies were called out to Fountain Hills about 10 a.m. Monday.
Blessing was had been living with their son, Thomas Blessing, and their girlfriend in the girlfriend's condo. They moved them in about six months ago from out of state.
“According to statements provided by suspect Blessing and received by the detectives, they had been contemplating for several days their son's intentions to place them in an assisted living facility,” explained a news release from MCSO. “Blessing retrieved two pistols and concealed them in the pockets of their robe, then confronted their son in their bedroom.”
Related Article: Ocean Isle Beach police search for accused seat cushion thief
MCSO said they shot their son twice before turning the gun on their 57-year-old girlfriend.
While struggling with that woman, whose name has not been released, Blessing lost their grip on the gun. But they still had the second one.
“Blessing retrieved the second handgun and attempted to point it at the girlfriend, who knocked it from Blessing's possession,” according to MCSO.
The girlfriend called 911. When deputies arrived, they ordered Blessing to come outside but were met with silence. They found them sitting in their reclining chair, their son deceased in a bedroom.
“As the suspect was being escorted from the residence, they made a spontaneous statement to the effect of ‘You took my life, so I'm taking yours,”‘ court documents read.”
It was later determined during an interview with the suspect that they believed their life was being taken as a result of their son and their girlfriend attempting to place them into an assisted living facility, police said.
According to the probable cause for arrest statement, Blessing “intended to kill herself, however they didn't possess any additional firearms.”
In speaking with Blessing, investigators learned that they had owned the two guns — a revolver and a .25 caliber pistol — since the 1970s. The first, they said, they bought at a gun store; the second was given to them by their husband before they died. They also told deputies the last time they fired either of the weapons was in the '70s.
The suspect stated they stored the two handguns on the floor under a shelf in their bedroom.
When Blessing was asked what they think should happen to her, they replied they should be “put to sleep” as a result of their actions.
“This is definitely an odd one,” MCSO Sgt. Bryant Vanegas told Arizona's Family. “There are a lot of circumstances surrounding it, of course, but it's definitely something you don't see every day and it's very unfortunate that this took place.”
“It is always concerning when domestic issues escalate to violence or tragic outcomes,” Sheriff Paul Penzone said in a statement. “They are often isolated and neither predictable nor preventable.”
According to court documents, there was a history of domestic violence between Blessing and Thomas, including at least one incident in which police responded.
Blessing is still in jail, held on a $500,000 cash bond.
U.S. airlines have already canceled about 4,000 flights Monday and Tuesday as a late-winter storm is expected to dump enough snow to disrupt travel in the Northeast.
Tracking service FlightAware.com said late Monday morning that more than 1,100 flights on Monday and more than 2,800 on Tuesday had been canceled.
Chicago is bearing the largest share of Monday's cancellations, while Tuesday's disruptions are hitting hardest from Washington to Boston including the New York City area.
The major airlines are waiving ticket-change fees that range up to $200 for customers who want to change their travel plans. Restrictions vary by airline.
Southwest has canceled more than 300 flights for Monday and nearly another 900 scheduled for Tuesday, according to FlightAware.
American Airlines and its American Eagle contractor Envoy Air together had canceled more than 300 flights Monday and 700 on Tuesday. JetBlue Airways, with major operations in Boston and New York, had already canceled more than 600 flights scheduled for Tuesday, FlightAware said.
Flights to and from the Barkley Regional Airport in Paducah have not been impacted by the cancellations.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With snow still on the ground and temperatures set to plummet many schools across the Midlands have taken the decision to close on Tuesday December 12.
But, as the following list shows, most still believe that it is much too dangerous to reopen - meaning another day off for thousands of pupils.
If your child's school is not on the below list, then it is because a decision has not yet been made - most likely it will be decided on the morning.
Met Office Regional Forecast for West Midlands
Very cold tonight with icy stretches.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
This Evening and Tonight:
Dry overnight with largely clear skies, although a little freezing fog patches may form. With light winds, there will be another widespread and severe frost with a risk of ice for many. Minimum temperature -12 °C.
Tuesday:
Any freezing fog will lift to leave a fine and sunny morning. Sunshine will turn hazier through the afternoon but it should remain dry until evening. Staying very cold. Maximum temperature 2 °C.
This is the weather forecast for Birmingham on Tuesday as city recovers from snow bomb
Outlook for Wednesday to Friday:
Turning less cold and windier on Wednesday with rain or showers. Cold and sometimes breezy on Thursday and Friday with a mixture of sunshine and showers and overnight frosts.
Walsall Council took to Twitter on Monday evening.
They said: "This is what we know about Schools tomorrow. Some have confirmed (to us) they're closed. Where we state 'No details shared', it's where we haven't been notified, so please continue to check your school's website.
Walsall
Barr Beacon School
Aldridge School - A Science College
Blue Coat Church of England Academy
Brownhills School
Grace Academy Darlaston
Joseph Leckie Academy
Ormiston Shelfield Community Academy
Pool Hayes Arts and Community
Queen Mary's Grammar
Queen Mary's High
Shire Oak Academy
St Thomas More Catholic - Business and Enterprise College
The Streetly Academy
West Walsall E-Act Academy
Shepwell School and Home and Hospital Tuition Services
Castle Business and Enterprise College
Mary Elliot Oakwood
Oakwood
Phoenix Primary EBD
The Jane Lane School - A College for Cognition and Learning
Alumwell Nursery
Fullbrook Nursery
Lane Head Nursery - Part of Short Heath Federation
Ogley Hay Nursery
Rowley View Nursery
Abbey primary
Alumwell Infant
Alumwell Junior - Part of Alumwell Junior/Butts Federation
Beacon Primary
Bentley West Primary - part of Bentley Federation
Birchhills CE Community Academy
Blackwood
Blakenhall Heath Junior
Brownhills West Primary
Busill Jones Primary
Butts Primary - part of Alumwell Junior/Butts Federation
Caldmore Academy
Castlefort JMI
Christ Church CE (C) JMI
Chuckery Primary
Cooper and Jordan CE VA Primary
County Bridge Primary
Croft Academy
Delves Infant and Nursery
Delves Junior
Fibbersley Park Primary
Goldsmith Primary Academy
Greenfiled Primary
Hillary Primary
King Charles Primary - part of Bentley Federation
Leamore Primary
Leighswood
Lindens Primary
Little Bloxwich CE VC Primary
Lodge Farm JMI
Lower Farm Primary
Meadow View JMI
Millfield Primary
Moorcroft Wood Primary
Pinfold Street Primary
Pool Hayes Primary
The Radleys Primary
Reedswood E-Act Primary Academy
Rivers Primary Academy
Rosedale CE C Infant - Part of Short Heath Fed
Woods Bank Academy
Rushall Primary School
Salisbury Primary
Short Heath Junior - Part of Short Heath Federation
St Bernadette's Catholic Primary
St Francis Catholic Primary
St Giles CE Primary
St James Primary
St Joseph's Catholic Primary
St Mary's the Mount Catholic Primary
St Peters Catholic Primary
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With rumours swirling around that Aston Villa have to sell their assets to stay within the rules of FFP, one man's future is seen as central to it all.
Jack Grealish is Villa's biggest playing asset, and many believe them leaving the club could be a big step in falling in line with financial regulations.
A much-needed statement from Tony Xia promised big changes at the club as a business, although in reality, it told us nothing.
The speculation remains, and Grealish will be at the centre of it.
Their most recent post on Social Media site Instagram served to remind fans just how much they love the club.
What you have in that picture are the things that are most important to Grealish.
Him loving playing football, and doing it for Aston Villa.
What it means will unravel over the next few weeks.
It could be a signal of their intent to stay.
It could be them telling fans they will always love the club.
The decision on where Jack goes next will rest with him, and indeed the club.
One thing is for sure, if they go no fan would begrudge them the move.
They don't want to leave the club.
If they stay, they cement themselves as an Aston Villa legend.
Gut wrenching decision
“Devastated as much as you guys are,” tweeted Jack Grealish in the aftermath of Aston Villa's play-off final defeat.
But those words don't come close to explaining the real pain the 22-year-old is feeling right now.
Grealish is genuinely broken by Saturday's crushing defeat to Fulham.
They dropped to their knees on the final whistle, endured a sleepless night in the hours following the loss and will wake up on this Bank Holiday morning wondering what might have been.
Battered from pillar to post at Wembley, Grealish was also nursing a number of bumps and bruises.
But nothing compares to the mental torture that he's going through right now.
Villa are their club, they so desperately wanted to take them back to the Premier League, and boy, what an effort they put in.
For long spells at the national stadium Grealish carried their side.
Boss Steve Bruce admitted after that those around them didn't offer enough support. If they did, things might have been different.
For all their pre-match chat, including a lengthy interview with Sky Sports in the build-up to the game, Villa's prized asset couldn't put a sentence together after the game.
Team-mate Lewis Grabban warned them of that feeling.
“All you want to do is leave the stadium after a defeat in the play-off final,” they said having experienced it twice before.
And how Grealish suffered in those final steps as they trudged off the pitch following a heart-warming hug from their captain, John Terry.
Mentally and physically drained, they stuck to their pre-match plan of staying over in London with those close to him.
But Jack the Lad was missing.
Friends and family had never seen them so rocked. This game meant the world to him.
FA Cup final defeats are difficult to take. Grealish has been there, too.
But this was a season-defining fixture, and for the midfielder, possibly career-defining.
Promotion to the Premier League would have topped off a fine 2018 and made next season easy.
A top-flight return with their beloved claret and blues, topped up by the experience of two years in the Championship. Happy days.
Arguably the best performer in the division in the calendar year and certainly the most-improved, Grealish is going places.
He's too good for the second tier and even their boss, Bruce, believes he's ‘good enough for any team out there'.
Grealish wanted that team to be Villa. The team they have supported all their life and played for since their early schoolboy years.
He's happy in Birmingham, loves hosting their Villa-supporting friends and family on matchdays, and wanted nothing more but to repair some of the damage their beloved club has suffered in recent times.
Now, though, they must decide on what's best for their future.
As gut-wrenching as it would be to leave Villa - and let's be honest, that's now very likely - the silky-skilled star must think about their own career.
Bruce felt they were worthy of a World Cup place with England but suggested they missed out because Villa were in the Championship.
Can they afford another season missing out on key career goals?
Okay, so he's going to be a rich man whether they stay at Villa or moves back to the Premier League, where there will be no shortage of suitors this summer.
A pay-rise will inevitably follow any move, but money isn't motivating him.
Leicester are said to be keen and they're building an exciting young team. Ben Chilwell and Demarai Gray are pals.
Dele Alli - a Tottenham regular - would have told Grealish all about the delights of international and Champions League football. too. The pair is also tight.
Manchester United are also said to be interested and that would be a major jump.
Right now, though, it's too early to consider a move away. It's all too raw.
Strong words of wisdom from those close to them have been needed in the last 48 hours.
The emotionally-charged 90 minutes at Wembley proved exactly what the club means to Grealish and wouldn't it be a shame for them to bow out on such a sour note.
A holiday is needed to reflect on this season's shortcomings, recuperate, and plan for next season. Whatever happens, it's going to be a big one.
Inevitably, this summer will involve plenty of talk about their future. Only time will tell what happens next.
Deliberately targeted
Steve Bruce believes Fulham deliberately targeted Jack Grealish as part of their gameplan against Aston Villa.
Grealish, the attacking midfielder, was on the receiving end of a number of illegal tackles during Villa's 1-0 play-off final defeat at Wembley.
The 22-year-old was fouled more than any other player in a single Championship fixture during the season - including for both of Denis Odoi's bookable offences as the Fulham defender was sent off.
They also appeared to be stamped on in the first half by full-back Ryan Fredericks who escaped without punishment from referee Anthony Taylor.
Bruce said: "For me, they (Fredericks) stamps on Jack. I saw it straight away and thought the fourth official was there too.
"When it's that close you'd think the officials would have the communication to deal with it.
"When it's as deliberate as that, it is quite straightforward. They deserved a red card.
"(Fouling) Jack was part of their gameplan. When they broke, they were a bit cynical."
Robert Snodgrass posts message to Aston Villa fans ahead of West Ham return
Grealish, who risked seeing red themselves for a late tackle on the match-winner Tom Cairney but received a caution, was clearly Villa's most dangerous threat.
They almost scored an equaliser in the second half after an incredible run which split Fulham's defence, but their shot was deflected and saved by Marcus Bettinelli.
Bruce added: "It was part of their game plan. I don't want to make than an excuse. It's not me, making excuses.
“In the first half we didn't do enough. Jack, the way they play is going to draw a foul.
“We just needed that run that they went on to then finish with a goal. It was a great run.
“We needed it in the back of the net.”
Released, retained, sold & signed: Aston Villa's burning issues as summer transformation begins
Number crunching
Highly reputable football finance website Swiss Ramble have revealed the staggering £142 million hit Aston Villa took in losing the Championship play-off final.
The Wembley final against Fulham was billed as Villa's biggest match since their 1982 European Cup triumph.
But Fulham captain Tom Cairney's first half strike condemned the claret and blues to a third successive season of Championship football – and with it the inevitable cost cutting.
Manager Steve Bruce has already bemoaned the club's lack of spending power due to increasingly strict Financial Fair Play rules.
Bruce was forced to sell some of the club's most valuable assets last summer in order to balance the books and the same will need to be done this summer.
A Premier League return wouldn't have answered all Villa's FFP issues, but it would have gone a long way towards it.
Had Villa overcome Fulham under the arch they would have banked a minimum of £174.8 million in Premier League TV revenue, possible parachute payments and distributed cash.
The defeat, however, means they'll be entitled to just one final parachute payment worth £16.6 million combined with the Championship's fixed solidarity payment and basic award.
The Premier League's greatest financial carrot is the vast sums of TV money on offer. Promotion would have seen Villa bank a minimum of £94.7 million in TV money next season.
In the Championship, teams are paid just £100,000 for hosting a Sky Sports match and £10,000 if they're on the box away from home.
While Slavisa Jokanovic is spending the rewards of winning the so-called ‘richest game in football', Villa are set for a summer of wheeling and dealing that, will in all probability, see one of their big names leave.
For more from Swiss Ramble, you can check out their website here.
Janhvi Kapoor Was Quoted As Saying
"As for my Instagram, I used to have a private profile and then I was told I need to open it up, so I deleted everything to start from the beginning," said Janhvi Kapoor.
On The Work Front
Janhvi Kapoor is all geared up for the release of their upcoming debut movie Dhadak.  They are paired alongside Ishaan Khatter in the movie.
Full On Promotions
Janhvi Kapoor is all over the place promoting their movie Dhadak along with Ishaan Khatter. The duo were spotted in several malls all across Mumbai and shook a leg with the fans as well.
High Energy Janhvi
Going by the way how Janhvi Kapoor is promoting their upcoming movie, we can assume that they are taking their work seriously and is filled with high energy!
Grand Release Of Dhadak
Dhadak, which is a remake of the superhit Marathi movie Sairat, is all set to hit the theatres on July 20,2018.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Food Standards Agency, Food Standards Scotland, Public Health England and Health Protection Scotland are reminding people that most frozen vegetables, including sweetcorn, need to be cooked before eating.
This includes if adding them to salads, smoothies or dips.
In a statement, the European Food Standards Authority said: “Experts used whole genome sequencing to identify the food source, which initially was thought to be limited to frozen corn.
"As of June 8, 47 cases including nine deaths had been reported.
“The same strains of L. monocytogenes have been detected in frozen vegetables produced by the same Hungarian company in 2016, 2017 and 2018.
"This suggests that the strains have persisted in the processing plant despite the cleaning and disinfection procedures that were carried out.
“The available information confirms the contamination at the Hungarian plant.
"However, further investigations, including thorough sampling and testing, are needed to identify the exact points of environmental contamination at the Hungarian plant.
"The same recommendation applies to other companies belonging to the same commercial group if environmental contamination is detected.
“On June 29, the Hungarian Food Chain Safety Office banned the marketing of all frozen vegetable and frozen mixed vegetable products produced by the affected plant between August 2016 and June 2018, and ordered their immediate withdrawal and recall.
“This last measure is likely to significantly reduce the risk of human infections and contain the outbreak. All freezing activity at the plant has been stopped.”
What is Listeriosis?
According to the NHS website listeriosis usually goes away on its own, but can cause serious problems if you're pregnant or have a weak immune system.
Listeriosis is usually caught from eating food containing listeria bacteria.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
You can get it from lots of types of food, but it's mainly a problem with:
unpasteurised milk
dairy products made from unpasteurised milk
soft cheeses, like camembert and brie
chilled ready-to-eat foods, like prepacked sandwiches, pâté and deli meats
These foods don't always cause listeriosis. If you've eaten them recently, you don't need to do anything unless you get symptoms of the infection.
You can also catch listeriosis from:
someone else who has it – for example, if you eat food they've handled when they haven't washed their hands
close contact with farm animals – especially sheep and cows that are giving birth.
Listeriosis has no symptoms or only causes mild symptoms for a few days, such as:
a high temperature of 38C or above
aches and pains
chills
feeling sick or vomiting
diarrhoea
What is the expert advice about this outbreak?
In a statement the Food Standards Agency said: "Most frozen vegetables, including sweetcorn, need to be cooked before eating.
"This includes if adding them to salads, smoothies or dips.
"People should always follow manufacturers' instructions when preparing their food.
"If the product is not labelled as “ready to eat”, the cooking instructions should always be followed before eating the food hot or cold."
Boerne Beautiful
Daniel Anzak posted several photos of their very attractive Hill Country backyard on my Facebook page last week. They were so compelling I asked if they would be willing to send more and even let me do a special little feature showing them here in e-gardens.
A day or so later we had a lengthy phone visit. I'll outline some of the things that they told me. But I'm going to let their photographs do most of the “talking.” By day, Daniel is a CPA, and their wife Kathleen is a teacher. Daniel says that Kathleen is the creative member of this landscaping team, picking out most of the plants and laying out the plans for the stone work and fire pit area. Daniel says that they and their three sons helped with the grunt work of laying stones and putting plants in the ground.
Daniel and their wife Kathleen live outside of Boerne, which for those few of you who still don't know about this treasure of a Texas town, is just north of San Antonio in the Texas Hill Country.
Their soil is quite rocky. Their house was built in 2010, and the backyard was initially bermudagrass turf.
Continued Below
Advertisement
Live oaks are native to their area, and that added to the problem of keeping sun-loving bermuda alive and growing.
Daniel told me that the bulk of their landscaping makeover happened in Spring 2017, so it's into its second season currently.
As construction sites up and down the block were finished, waste stone was left to be picked up. Daniel says they were able to find most of the stone that he's used in this landscaping re-do from those discard piles.
Some of the plants that Daniel specifically called out as doing well in their gardens have been dwarf yaupon holly, pittosporum, Japanese yew, Silver Falls dichondra and ornamental sweet potato vines for annual color. Crape myrtles have done well, and with corrective training, their Texas mountain laurel is prospering.
Posted by Neil Sperry
BAGHDAD - Literary cafes, poetry readings and pavement bookstalls -- Mosul's cultural scene is back in business, months after Iraqi forces ousted the Islamic State group from the city following three years of jihadist rule.
At the "Book Forum" cafe, men and women, young and old, sit passionately debating literature, music, politics and history.
Drinking tea, coffee and juice, some smoke nargileh water pipes while an oud player takes the stage to accompany a poet about to read from their work.
Opposite, the only wall not covered with bookshelves is instead host to a gallery of portraits -- medieval Iraqi poet Al-Mutanabbi is pictured alongside Palestinian Mahmoud Darwish and a series of abstract paintings.
A few months ago, opening a mixed-gender literary cafe in Iraq's second city would have been unthinkable -- punishable by flogging or death under IS rule.
But with the jihadists gone, Fahd Sabah and their partner have set about realising their dream.
"While we lived under the yoke of IS, I told myself that it was an absolute must open this place," Sabah said. "There was a need to inform people, to enlighten minds, to bring new ideas."
Like many young graduates in Iraq, the 30-year-old engineer had few prospects of finding employment.
So as soon as the jihadists were driven out of Mosul, they set about finding a venue and preparing to open a cafe, putting their savings into the venture. Within a month, it was up and running.
It was worth the sacrifice, they said. Their project aims to create "a new consciousness to overcome this terrible period and the damage left by the war".
- 'Reforming spirits' -
Iraqis are renowned in the Arab world for their literary culture. Mosul, capital of Nineveh province and sitting at the crossroads of ancient trading routes, long boasted a parade of booksellers along its famous Al-Nujaifi Street.
But IS methodically destroyed and burned books and destroyed libraries.
After the jihadists were evicted six months ago, a handful of activists set up the "Book Pavement" market outside the city's battle-scarred university.
Ali Najam, 23, comes every Friday to scour the stalls of second-hand booksellers next to the concrete carcass of a building disemboweled by bombs.
Today, they have picked up an English edition of "Love in the Age of Cholera" by Colombian Nobel Laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
"People badly need culture and to build their consciousness after the hardships they went through," Najam said.
"There's a need to rebuild people's spirits, which is even more important than rebuilding the houses and the city."
Yunis Mohammad, a 33-year-old writer, said that despite the destruction, "Mosul will be rebuilt thanks to the brains of its young people, its intellectuals".
Abdelmonim al-Amir, head of Nineveh province's writers' union, said they want the world, which associates Mosul with "blood, destruction and desolation", to know that the city has another face.
"Inhabitants and artists must make the human, cultural and academic dimensions of Mosul shine," they said.
So far, everything is being done on limited means, in a city devastated by war, crippled by unemployment and held back by the slow pace of reconstruction.
"The public authorities in charge of culture must now do their duty," said writer Hamed al-Zubaidi.
Hind Ahmed, a 31-year-old engineer, said the mission was important to Iraq, which in December announced the "liberation" of the country and the "end of the war" against IS.
"Now the land has been liberated we must free minds and ideas," they said, dressed in a white veil dotted with butterflies over a beige coat.
Iraqis must "give everyone the opportunity to participate," they added. "Men and women."
1:34
Ray Ray the dog can barely walk. He's going on a diet to save their lives.
1:59
How to protect your pet from the dog flu
1:01
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
A Blackstone real estate fund is taking a 10 per cent stake in Logicor, the pan-European logistics company that the private equity firm sold to the Chinese sovereign wealth fund just months ago for €12.25bn.
China Investment Corp has also hired Blackstone to manage Logicor's portfolio of warehouses and logistics properties, according to people briefed on the matter.
Blackstone's newly raised $2bn European fund is just one of several investors that CIC has invited to buy stakes in Logicor. Several insurers are also looking at the company, the people said.
Blackstone's return to a company that it sold off in June highlights the firm's deep involvement in logistics-related real estate, a sector in which it was an early investor. It also has a long history of doing deals with China's biggest and most acquisitive groups, including CIC, Anbang Insurance and HNA.
Blackstone's real estate arm, with about $200bn in gross value in property assets under management and $111bn in capital under management, has been able to capitalise repeatedly on demand for warehouse space sparked by the growth of e-commerce. Three years ago it sold IndCor Properties, another logistics firm, to Government of Singapore Investment Corp for $8bn.
Blackstone's sale of Logicor to CIC was the second-largest European real estate transaction on record and the fourth-largest international Chinese takeover to date, according to Dealogic.
Blackstone and CIC declined to comment on the deal between the fund and Logicor.
But Jon Gray, head of Blackstone's real estate arm said recently that the firm was expecting interest rate rises to hit less desirable parts of the property market.
“We are definitely in a more mature part of the cycle,” they said. “Overall value will grow but in a much more modest way. You have to be much more precise . . . much more focused in both geography and sectors.”
Additional reporting by Yuan Yang in Beijing
After their glorious Grammy sweep on Sunday night, Adele woke up to a #BoycottAdele hashtag, with many Beyoncé fans questioning their "unfair" win over their idol. But calls for a boycott are scarcely new for Adele. Last year, after they endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, Trump supporters launched a similar hashtag. Buffeted by the competitive politics of the right and left, the English singer will likely think longingly back to the uncomplicated very first #BoycottAdele hashtag that trended briefly in 2015 after the release of their hit single "Hello."
It had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with tea.
The millions of fans who have watched the music video of "Hello" know that a steaming cup of tea has a central role to play in providing succor to the singer's lovesick heart.
Artfully stained with sepia and loss, the retro video opens with a deeply depressed Adele walking into a shut-up house enrobed in dustcovers. Outside, it's wickedly cold and blustery. Inside (her broken heart) the temperature's pretty tundra-like too. So while they lavishly mourn the loss of their coffee-drinking lover in song, Adele does what the English do when things look bleak. They pop the kettle on. There's a delicately patterned china cup and saucer waiting to be filled. So far, so good.
Then, the singer does something absolutely shocking. They pour hot water into the cup and then pops in a tea bag. Instead of the other way around, of course. This casual switching of steps was an outrage and nothing short of tea treason. British twitter sputtered with indignation.
How reassuringly English. A country that has fought two opium wars with China to protect its precious tea supply takes the beverage very seriously.
Ask the man who is the au currant hero, George Orwell. They may have fought totalitarianism all their life, but when it came to making a pot of tea, it was their way or the highway. Their popular essay, "A nice cup of tea," is an 11-point disquisition on how to achieve just that. Orwell would have been horrified by Adele's – and the modern streamlined style of – tea-making. Not merely by the presence of a teabag but by the absence of a teapot. "If the tea is not loose in the pot it never infuses properly," they declaimed. In order to get a good infusion, one "should take the teapot to the kettle, and not the other way about. The water should be actually boiling at the moment of impact, which means that one should keep it on the flame while one pours."
As for that other great anti-totalitarian Brit, John Lennon, they could imagine a world without heaven and religion, but not without tea – brewed the right way, of course. A few years ago, their widow, Yoko Ono, wrote a piece for The New York Times called "The Tea Maker," in which they affectionately recalled their midnight tea-making kitchen trysts. "Yoko, Yoko, you're supposed to first put the tea bags in, and then the hot water," John would admonish them And so Ono allowed them to make the tea their way. But, for tea purists, there's an unfortunate twist to this story. As Ono tells it:
One night, however, John said: "I was talking to Aunt Mimi this afternoon and they say you are supposed to put the hot water in first. Then the tea bag. I could swear they taught me to put the tea bag in first, but ..." "So all this time, we were doing it wrong?" "Yeah ..." We both cracked up...
So Adele should take heart. They have the great Beatle on their side. But though once a committed tea drinker, Adele has given up their 10-cups-a-day habit. Not because of the tea trolls but because of the pounds they were putting on from the heavily sugared cups.
Meanwhile, their "Hello" video has launched a range of "Hello, it's tea" merchandise and several cheeky parodies, including changing the soulful line of Lionel Richie's 1983 hit, "Hello," to "Hello, is it tea you're looking for?" In another very funny send-up, an English radio presenter rewrote the lyrics to make tea the star. So instead of belting out "Hello from the other side," we have:
Where the hell's my cup of tea? My ginger nut needs dunking see Have you even turned the kettle on? I should have had it by now But all my biscuits are gone I love tea It's me and tea.
On Sunday night, after an awkward, overwrought but sincere-sounding acceptance speech in which they nervously lavished praise on Beyoncé, Adele accidentally broke their trophy in half. As if it were a ginger nut biscuit they were dying to dunk into a cup of tea. With all of those boycott hashtags, they could certainly do with a cuppa.
Nina Martyris is a journalist based in Knoxville, Tenn.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
SHINE, N.C. (WNCT) – The sound of an emergency vehicle siren signals help on the way to danger. But some volunteer fire departments in the East need more volunteers, or there won't be any help.
In rural Greene County, most help is coming from volunteers, but those volunteers are running out.
“The volunteers are getting older, and the call volume is going up,” said Chief Jeremy Anderson of the Shine Volunteer Fire Department. “So our roster sizes are getting smaller, and our people who are actually doing the job are getting older. So if something isn't done, we're going to reach a crisis pretty soon.”
Anderson is working to prevent the crisis by turning to millennials.
“We have things for them to kind of make this a place for them to hang out, and that way we get the service part out of it as well,” Anderson said.
Volunteer firefighter Zack Chase said they appreciate the sense of community at the fire department.
“It's like a second family really,” Chase said. “We come out here, we have a good time, we joke on each other and you get to help out members of the community. And that's always a good thing.”
The department is using social media to get out the word that volunteers are needed.
No nearby fire department would mean slower response times in the event of an emergency, and property insurances rates could rise as well.
Anderson said they hope community members continue to come out so fires can be put out.
The department holds training exercises each month. If you're interested in volunteering, head over to the Shine Volunteer Fire Department's website and scroll down to the bottom of the page.
You can also look up additional volunteer firefighter courses here.
By Jeff Giles
Using unreleased footage from ‘Fire Walk With Me,' David Lynch was able to bring back David Bowie's character of Philip Jeffries.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
To be continually asked to do more with less is not conducive to one's personal welfare.
Yes, there may be initial pride at victories against the odds but eventually the inevitable happens: as budgets fall, an organisation falters, staff begin to buckle under pressure and anger rises among elected members and service users.
Life as a senior officer in local government has not been easy this decade. Medals have been in short supply from above but complaints about your pay being excessive, your organisation's performance faltering and even whether your employer gives you biscuits – yes, it's that trivial – have been abundant.
Unsurprisingly there has been an impact on chief executives and senior managers. They have performed huge feats as they seek to serve their local populations to the limits of their abilities, but they cannot perform miracles. Senior management has been disproportionately targeted for cuts and yet senior managers are now expected to (and indeed keen to) reach out to partner organisations locally and assume new responsibilities as a leader of their place. This all equates to more meetings, more complexity and more work.
LGC's survey this week, in association with the Association of Local Authority Chief Executives, reveals a majority of senior managers are considering leaving their role. Most report a workload escalating into ‘unmanageable' territory and most say they know of colleagues experiencing mental health conditions. Our survey makes difficult reading – but it is important reading.
We need to talk about the impact of growing stress on senior managers. Yes, they crave responsibility; yes, leadership roles should be demanding; and, yes, there are huge rewards from having the influence to shape the destiny of your local area, but the growing burdens heaped upon senior managers must be recognised.
LGC also reveals how three-quarters of managers know of a colleague who has a mental health condition. We should salute the courage of Solihull MBC chief executive Nick Page who has had the bravery to disclose how they have experienced mental health issues. They have opened up to their council's staff in a bid to show them they are not alone as they struggle to operate in a tougher world. And now, through LGC, Mr Page is revealing their condition to a broader local government audience in an attempt to break down the stigma associated with mental health.
Mr Page's interview reminds us that local government needs to support its dedicated staff. They have vulnerabilities and struggles. For too long officers' welfare has not featured in the debate about local government – but this must now change. Sector leadership bodies now need to rise to the challenge of standing up for senior officers: councils' unsung heroes.
Local government by its very nature looks after its local population. While it should and will continue to do everything it can for residents, it must also look after itself: its members and, in particular, its officers. Without their toil and inspiration, local communities would be diminished.
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have moved swiftly by appointing Harry Redknapp as manager following the resignation of Gianfranco Zola yesterday.
Redknapp brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to the role as Blues seek the seven points needed to beat the drop.
First up for Harry is the small matter of a massive Second City derby on Sunday.
Here's a look back at the 70-year-old's long and illustrious managerial career.
Seattle Sounders: 1976-1979
Redknapp cut their teeth in management as a player-assistant manager with Seattle Sounders, then a North American Soccer League club.
They helped Seattle to second place in the Pacific Conference, Western Division in their first season and then to 3rd place in in the 1977 season before taking them to the final of the Soccer Bowl where they lost to New York Cosmos.
Redknapp was part of two more third place finishes in the National Conference, Western Division.
Oxford City: 1979
Redknapp had a brief role assisting their former West Ham team-mate Bobby Moore at Isthmian League side Oxford City.
Bournemouth: 1982-1992
Their first major coaching role was as assistant manager to David Webb at Bournemouth, six years after leaving the club as a player.
Redknapp lost out to Don Megson when they applied for the top job after Webb moved to Torquay United midway through the 1982/83 season.
Megson was sacked early into the next season and Redknapp got their big break as a manager in October 1983.
In their first season at the helm, Redknapp helped Bournemouth avoid relegation to the Fourth Division and pulled off a shock by beating holders Manchester United in the third round of the FA Cup.
The Cherries ammassed a club-record 97 points on the way to the Third Division title in 1987, but fell back into the third tier in 1990.
Redknapp left Bournemouth at the end of the 1991/91 season.
West Ham United: 1992-2001
They took up an assistant manager role under Billy Bonds at their former club West Ham.
In August 1994, the board decided to turn control of the team over to Redknapp and moved Bonds into an administrative role.
Redknapp helped to establish the Hammers as a Premier Club and was responsible for bringing a host of academy players through including Michael Carrick, Joe Cole, Frank Lampard and Rio Ferdinand.
They led the Irons to fifth, the club's second-best finish in the top flight, in 1999 which saw West Ham qualify for the Intertoto Cup.
West Ham won the Intertoto Cup and qualified for the UEFA Cup, but at the expense of results in the league.
Redknapp was sacked on the eve of the 2000/01 season after a series of ill-advised comments were published by a fanzine.
Portsmouth: 2001-2004
Redknapp's controversial episode on the south coast began when they were appointed director of Football in Portsmouth.
They replaced Graham Rix as manager in March 2002 after a dip in form.
The following season Redknapp led Pompey to the Premier League and kept them up, but left the club in November 2004 after a series of disagreements with owner Milan Mandaric.
Southampton: 2004-2005
Redknapp incurred the wrath of Pompey fans by joining their bitter rivals just a few weeks after leaving Fratton Park.
But they also made them happy by taking the Saints down in May 2005.
A lack of consistency in the early weeks of the following season, coupled with a falling out with Saints owner Rupert Lowe, prompted Redknapp to quit in December 2005.
Portsmouth: 2005-2008
Once Redknapp rode the inevitable storm sparked by their return, they set about turning Pompey into a Premier League force to be reckoned with.
It was their second spell at Portsmouth that really kick-started a steep upward trajectory in management.
After keeping Portsmouth up and consolidating their top flight status, Redknapp was sought after and interviewed for the vacancy at Newcastle United in January 2008.
They remained on the south coast and led Portsmouth to the FA Cup in May 2008, after a 1-0 win over Cardiff City at Wembley.
Redknapp was awarded Freedom of the City, but received a mixed reaction from fans with the ceremony taking place just days after their departure to Spurs was confirmed.
Tottenham: 2008-2012
The best was yet to come for Redknapp.
Their Tottenham tenure has been widely perceived as their finest in management.
Spurs were bottom of the league when Redknapp took up the reigns following Juande Ramos' dismissal.
They guided them away from trouble up to eighth and the League Cup final, although they were beaten by Manchester United.
In their first full season, Redknapp picked up the Premier League Manager of the Year award after steering Spurs into the top four and the Champions League for the first time.
They took Tottenham to the last eight in the Champions League in 2011 and then achieved another top four finish in May 2012 but was sacked a few weeks later after failing to agree terms on a new contract.
Birmingham City digest: Gianfranco Zola resigns - reactions, analysis, quotes, what happens next, and much more
Queens Park Rangers: 2012-2015
They took up an advisory role at Bournemeouth, but left in November 2012 when QPR hired them as Mark Hughes' successor.
Like with Spurs, QPR were bottom when they took over, but they couldn't work quite the same magic and the Hoops were relegated.
Redknapp led them back into the top flight at the first time of asking, but left the position in February 2015.
They cited an imminent knee operation, but a bust-up with the owner about a lack of financial support in the January window - with QPR languishing in the bottom three - was reported to be the main reason.
Jordan: 2016
Redknapp reunited with Kevin Bond in March 2016 after taking charge of the Jordan national team in a two-game deal.
Defeat to Australia ended Jordan's chances of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup, but Redknapp said they were happy to stay on in an advisory capacity.
Central Coast Mariners: 2016
In April 2016, Redknapp was confirmed as a football consultant with the A-League side.
Birmingham City: 2017
Redknapp will initially take charge until the summer.
Who knows what the future holds for Blues and Redknapp.
A French firm has announced the purchase of Belfast International as part of a wider deal that will see eight further airports around the world acquired.
Vinci, an infrastructure firm which already owns 33 airports, announced it is purchasing Belfast International yesterday.
In a statement, a spokesperson for the firm said the acquisitions “strengthens” its presence in Europe.
It already operates 12 airports in France and 10 in Portugal.
The Ulster Unionist MLA Steve Aiken, whose constituency of South Antrim is home to the airport, welcomed the news.
“The sale of Belfast International Airport to a major worldwide airport operator, Vinci, is to be welcomed as it opens the way for further investment in the facility,” they said.
“Belfast International has enjoyed impressive passenger growth over the past three years.
“This year, it is expected to exceed six million passengers for the first time ever. Hundreds of new jobs and significant investment in on-site facilities have taken place, and my hope is that that level of activity will be maintained.”
They continued: “Vinci is buying into a winner. It is now time to abolish Air Passenger Duty (APD) and build a dual carriageway to the airport and help ensure that under its focused and committed senior management team, the airport continues to break new ground and expand.
“In fact, the team is currently attending Routes Europe 2018 in Bilbao seeking to convince airlines, offering new international destinations, to consider Belfast International Airport as a base.”
Mr Aiken added: “Belfast International Airport is of vital importance to the Northern Ireland economy and I am confident that it will continue to play a full and active role in developing our international links and inbound tourism offering in the years to come.”
The company said in a statement: “VINCI Airports, a VINCI Concessions subsidiary, is acquiring nine new airports (two freehold property, three concession, four management contracts) and three partial management contracts in American airports following acquisition of the airport portfolio held by Airports Worldwide.
“The operation boosts VINCI Airports' global network, which now includes 45 airports in 11 countries and on three continents. It also increases the number of passengers welcomed in its airports by 25.6 million to more than 182 million per year.”
The statement continued: “VINCI Airports is acquiring a 100% stake in Belfast International Airport in Northern Ireland, which welcomed 5.8 million passengers in 2017.”
The airport has been owned by OMERS since 2013, via its shareholding in the US company Airports Worldwide.
In a statement yesterday, OMERS confirmed it has “entered into a definitive agreement to sell its interests in Airports Worldwide to Vinci Airports”.
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Burton Albion are reportedly "chasing" Stevenage's Danny Newton.
The Brewers are said to be vying with Championship duo Queens Park Rangers and Blackburn Rovers along with a number of fellow League One clubs according to HITC Sport .
Newton hit 14 goals last season as Boro finished in 16th place, nine points clear of relegation from League Two.
The 27-year-old joined from Tamworth after impressing at Jamie Vardy's V9 academy, aimed at helping non-league footballers into the EFL, in June last year.
(Image: Owen Strudwick)
Newton is entering the final year of their deal with Stevenage and the club are said to be bracing themselves for offers this summer.
Nigel Clough has said before that they are happy with the current squad, but whether Albion strikes any deals will depend on players leaving the Pirelli Stadium.
Lucas Akins and Liam Boyce could attract the attentions of Championship clubs following the Brewers' relegation from the second-tier on the final day last season.
The Brewers had been linked with a move for Ross County defender Jason Naismith earlier this week while other names touted for a move to the Pirelli Stadium are Cambridge United's George Maris, Yeovil's Otis Khan and Dundee United's Scott Fraser.
The EFL's transfer window opened on May 7.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
No pressure then.
Birmingham City new boy Isaac Vassell has laid down the gauntlet following their move to St Andrew's from Luton Town.
After putting pen to paper on a four-year contract with Blues, the 23-year-old has revealed that they modelled themselves on two of the greatest strikers of the Premier League era as a youngster.
“Thierry Henry was one of the ones I looked up to," they told bcfc.com.
"I liked Didier Drogba. Big, strong, powerful and banging in goals.”
Vassell has a long way to go to emulate their heroes, but their career is certainly on an upward trajectory.
After being released by Plymouth, they battled through non-league football with Truro, Bideford and Weymouth before they were picked up by Luton last summer.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Vassell helped the Hatters to the League Two play-off semi final last terms, scoring 14 goals in 30 starts.
They also began this season with a brace against Yeovil Town to help earn a move to Blues, and the forward is eager to impress in their new surroundings.
“Birmingham is a massive club and we need to be right up there, contending," said Vassell.
"For me, I just want to come in and make an impact, show everyone what I can do, bang some goals in.
"This is a great opportunity for me and I can't let this one pass.
"I mentioned before about working and maybe doing the things you wouldn't want to do once you have had a taste of being a (professional) footballer.
"Now this opportunity has arisen there is no way I will sell myself short.
"You've really got to go for it. I want to do what I can do and improve myself.”
Vassell is eligible to make their debut against Bolton Wanderers on Tuesday night and is expected to feature in Harry Redknapp's matchday squad.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mother has made an appeal as they hunt for a kind-hearted stranger.
The sought-after woman reportedly helped their teenage daughter on their first solo train journey, according to the Mirror.
Taking to Facebook, Andrea Ballancore shared a photo of their daughter, aged 16.
On the social networking platform, Andrea revealed they were recently charged an additional £85 for their journey from Stockport to Bristol.
Andrea said that their daughter , who'd missed their scheduled service, was told they could not board the next train by a ticket inspector without paying the extra fee – but that a mystery lady helped them out.
"This is my daughter," Andrea wrote.
"She just missed their train back to Bristol from Stockport.
"Her first ever big train journey solo and the woman in the ticket office would not allow them to board the next train without paying an additional £85.
"She is 16.
"Please can you share this post far and wide, (especially my northern contacts) as I would like to repay and thank the kind woman who took pity on my daughter and bought them a ticket!
"Long shot but hope this finds you, you wonderful lady you."
Andrea's post has been shared more than 20,000 times.
People are keen to find the lady who came to Andrea's daughter's rescue, praising the woman's actions.
Have your say in the comments
Linda Dobson commented: "There are more good and nice people in the world than there are bad...
"They just don't make the news as easily...
"Well done that lady."
Others also think the 16-year-old should've had the fare waved due to them age.
Alison Sangster said: "How kind of that lady.
"Shame on Railways to not let the lass board the next one.
"Nasty."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Darren Dickson added: "Wouldn't the company have a duty of care for the minor in a distressing time for her?
"Yes they made a mistake and missed their train but that may not have been them fault.
"What would people have been saying if something awful had happened to her?"
But not everyone thinks the gesture was warranted.
Chris Johns wrote: "Let's not worry about tickets and just have a free for all on the trains eh?
"Your daughter is 16.
"Should have been on time.
"And if they needed another £88 could they not have called you?
"What a pointless post."
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) — The Carolina Panthers star quarterback has landed themselves in hot water over comments they made towards a female reporter. We went to hear from local fans on their reactions to the comments.
The reporter involved as well as many news outlets have come out calling Cam Newton's comment sexist. Panther fans we heard from agree that what they said was not OK.
“That's funny to hear a female talk about routes like… that's funny,” the quarterback said to the reporter in a Wednesday news conference.
It may have been funny to him, but these comments aren't funny to these football fans.
“I don't know how else you take it, but it was just a sexist comment,” Steve Hammer, who's girlfriend is a major Panther fan, said.
From the long time fans, they don't approve it, but know Newton was not trying to target the reporter's gender.
“Out of place, but he's a football player and not a spokesperson,” Panthers fan Chris Graham said.
Newton is not the spokesperson anymore for the yogurt brand Dannon. They cut ties with the quarterback calling their comments sexist.
“I understand they had a conversation where they said they pretty much said that they shouldn't have said what they said,” Panthers head coach Ron Rivera said.
Rivera was referring to Newton's somewhat apology with Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue. The reporter themselves not shy of controversy either issuing an apology today of four-year-old racist comments they made on Twitter.
Newton issued an apology Thursday night on Twitter.
“If you are person who took offense to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you.”
Gala Fairydean Rovers will face Oban Atlantis, Fort William and Gerihatricks ‘A‘ from East Kilbride in this year's Scottish Walking Football Festival, which takes place at Glasgow Green on June 24.
A total of 32 teams will be taking part and the winners will represent Scotland in a Home International Tournament later this year.
Gala Fairydean Rovers chairperson John Hislop said: “We are looking forward to representing the club at this prestigious national event.
“This will be the third time we have taken part. Two years ago, we joined forces with Midlothian and were unlucky to lose on penalties in the semi-finals after having a goal disallowed. But, last year, we were beaten in the group stages.
“We have been playing well recently, however – and hopefully we can give a good account of ourselves.”
Matt Ramsay, football participation officer, said: “On behalf of Glasgow Sport, we are delighted to be hosting this year's Scottish Walking Football Festival and it's terrific to have a record amount of teams so widespread across the nation.
“We have been looking forward to this event for some time now and greatly thank ‘Paths for All' for its support, not just to the Festival but Walking Football in Scotland as a whole.
“As before, the winners of this Festival will represent Scotland at this year's UK Walking Football Championships.
“Hopefully, everyone will enjoy the festival and, most importantly, it's not about the winning but more a celebration of the game we all love.”
The full draw is:
Group 1 – AUFC Prestwick, Gerihatricks B, Show Racism the Red Card, Gretna. Group 2 – Aberdeen Community Trust, Northwest Walking FC, Stenhousemuir Maroon, AUFC Ayr. Group 3 – Oban Atlantis, Gala Fairydean Rovers, Fort William, Gerihatricks A. Group 4 – Hearts 56, Stenhousemuir Yellow, Stewarton, AM Soccer. Group 5 – East Fife, Oriam United, AUFA Maybole, Dunfermline Athletic. Group 6 – Midlothian, Loretto, Fairfield, Glasgow Sport East. Group 7 – Kirkcaldy, Glasgow Sport South, Dundee East, St Johnstone. Group 8 – Montrose, Hearts 98, AM Soccer 1, North Lanarkshire Leisure.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor are inching closer to a final contract to fight. (FILE)
It's official, Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather Jr., two of the biggest stars in their respective sports, will meet in the ring at T-Mobile Arena for what is being called the biggest event in sports combat history.
"I've been in the fight business for a long time and this is the biggest fight ever," UFC President, Dana White said.
White and Mayweather Promotions CEO, Leonard Ellerbe held a joint press conference at UFC Headquarters Wednesday afternoon to announce a fight that was once, never going to happen.
"This is a fight I actually resisted in the beginning, but between the media and fans that's how this fight was built,” White said. "I talked to Conor this morning, and he's beyond excited."
"There is not a commission in the world that wouldn't want to be in our position, we take this very seriously and we embrace the opportunity and look forward to the fight," Executive Director of the Nevada State Athletic Commission Bob Bennett said.
They said while the date and venue have been approved, he's still waiting on complete applications from both fighters. They said they have plenty of time between now and fight night.
"Right now I see no reason for it not to be approved," Bennett said.
Mayweather and McGregor will go 12 rounds at 154 pounds on August 26, but they have already started making the rounds on social media.
McGregor delivered a not so subtle jab posting a picture of Floyd Mayweather Sr saying "The fight is on.”
"I get a kick out of everything, because they remind me so much of Floyd," Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe said.
But that was only the start to the trash talk.
"Floyd is the A side, come on,” Ellerbe said. “Now let's talk about Conor whooping Floyd's (expletive)," White quickly replied.
No matter whose hand is raised at the end of the fight, both will be paid like champs.
"Not only will it break pay-per-view records in the United States, I think it will break the record in the UK, Australia, Canada and everywhere else that's pay-per-view," said White. "I've been excited about a lot of fights in my life, but this one is going to be special.".
On Wednesday afternoon, McGregor tweeted that "the fight is on."
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
That was followed by Mayweather, who said "it's official" in a Facebook post.
Stay with FOX5 for updates on this story when more information becomes available.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Ever since we all witnessed the cringe worthy performance of Mariah Carey on New Year's Eve, there has been a constant debate between DCP and Carey's management team. The singer's manager claims that Mariah was sabotaged in order to gain as many viewers as possible but the production team for the event is calling these claims absurd.
Stella Bulochnikov, Carey's manager had this to say, “We told them [the stage managers] that the in-ears were not working 10 minutes before the performance,” Bulochnikov says. “They then changed the battery pack, and they were still not working on the frequency four minutes before the show. We let them know again, and they just kept counting them down and reassuring them that they will work as soon as they go live, which never happened — at which point they pulled them out but could not hear the music over the crowd.”
They continue: “After the show, I called [Dick Clark Productions'] Mark Shimmel and I said, ‘What the f— happened?' They said, ‘Let me call you back,' then called me back and confirmed the in-ears were not working and asked if I would make a joint statement. I said, ‘No way.' I asked them to cut the West Coast feed. They said they could not do that. I asked them why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense … It's not artist friendly, especially when the artist cut their vacation short as a New Year's Eve gift to them.”
Dick Clark Productions had this to say in response, “As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists. To suggest that dcp, as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd. In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
#CouplesWeLove: La La And Carmelo Anthony 10 photos Launch gallery #CouplesWeLove: La La And Carmelo Anthony 1. LaLa and Carmelo Anthony are serving glam couple goes in these pics. We've loved watching them grow into the style icons they are now. Source:Instagram 1 of 10 2. The Anthony's at Cannes Source:Instagram 2 of 10 3. The Anthonys in Paris Source:Instagram 3 of 10 4. White House Correspondents Dinner Source:Instagram 4 of 10 5. Tribeca Film Festival Source:Instagram 5 of 10 6. The Anthonys go to see Hamilton. Source:Instagram 6 of 10 7. Lala throws Carmelo a Bday party. Source:Instagram 7 of 10 8. Another glam moment. Source:Instagram 8 of 10 9. Bow tie fresh and a crisp white dress. Source:Instagram 9 of 10 10. Yes legs, LaLa! Source:Instagram 10 of 10 Skip ad Continue reading Say It Ain't So… Carmelo Anthony & Lala Separated #CouplesWeLove: La La And Carmelo Anthony
Follow KYS On Twitter: Follow @939WKYS
When it rains, it pours
TMZ reports NBA superstar Carmelo Anthony and wife/Actress La La are now separated. La La moved out of the family home last week. Neither are talking Divorce yet and they are still very cordial.
Sign Up For Our Newsletter!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
It doesn't help that Melo may be leaving the New York Knicks soon. Their relationship with Knicks President Phil Jackson looks beyond repair as the 11-time NBA champion coach told reporters it might be best that the all-star find a new home.
Will Melo end up divorcing both their team and wife? We hope not!
Brett Gardner's hot streak continued with two more hits and a walk, but you never would have known it from their reaction to a sixth-inning strikeout.
They struck out looking to start the bottom of the sixth and then destroyed a plastic bin in the Yankees dugout with their bat.
“I was just locked in,” Gardner said. “We were down a run and I didn't like the strike three call. That was it. I got back to the dugout and got into the trash can.”
Joe Girardi ended up getting tossed an inning later after arguing with home-plate umpire Bill Welke as the Yankees were in the midst of having five straight hitters go down looking.
“It started in the sixth inning with Gardner,” Girardi said after their first ejection of the season. “There were four pitches I felt weren't strikes.”
Perhaps the biggest loss was Gardner's bat, which broke during their tirade. He's 9-for-21.
“That bat treated me pretty well the last week,” Gardner said.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Gary Sanchez took another step toward their return to the Yankees, going 1-for-4 in their second rehab game with Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Wednesday.
After hitting a homer and a double in their first game since suffering a strained right biceps in the first week of the season, Sanchez caught again and is expected to play for SWB for a final time on Thursday as the DH before joining the Yankees in Chicago for their series opener against the Cubs on Friday.
“It's another big bat that's gonna help us,” Girardi said. “We just need to get them going.”
The Yankees played well in Sanchez's absence, largely because of the contributions of Austin Romine, who left Tuesday's game with cramping in their right groin. Romine was held out of Wednesday's game and their replacement, Kyle Higashioka, struggled again.
Still in search of their first career hit, Higashioka came up with two outs and the bases loaded in the fifth, but struck out looking. With two more runners on in the seventh, they whiffed looking again.
Jacoby Ellsbury, as expected, missed a second straight game with a bruised nerve in their left elbow suffered while making a catch Monday.
Though Girardi said there was some improvement, no decision will be made about their status for the Cubs series until Thursday at the earliest. If the Yankees determine he's not ready to come back by Friday, they could land on the 10-day disabled list, especially with two series coming up in National League parks — which eliminates the DH option.
Chase Headley entered Wednesday night having made throwing errors in three straight games, which could be cause for alarm — especially considering the third baseman's somewhat shaky recent past at the position.
According to infield coach Joe Espada, though, there are “no red flags” among their recent miscues.
“Right now, nothing looks off,” Espada said. “Even when guys aren't making errors, I try to notice if they're forming any bad habits and I don't see anything going on with them other than a few individual plays.”
That's why Espada said they haven't discussed the errors with Headley, who had made just a pair of errors all season prior to the past few days. And both of those came April 7.
“If I see something that triggers something from two or three years ago, I bring it to their attention,” Espada said.
Headley made a career-high 23 errors in 2015, 10 more than they had in any other season. They rebounded last season and made only 10, but already has five in a season that's barely a month old.
— Additional reporting by Ken Davidoff
CTV Vancouver
Mounties are investigating a crash between one of their cruisers and a car that left an officer injured early Friday morning.
The RCMP said the collision happened while the officer was responding to a driving complaint around 3:50 a.m. in Pitt Meadows.
The other driver fled the scene immediately after the crash, according to the RCMP.
"The nature of the call, the collision and the suspect vehicle are currently under investigation," Sgt. Brenda Gresiuk said in a brief statement.
The officer involved in the crash suffered undisclosed injuries that Mounties described as minor.
Their travel records laid out the situation clearly: A 59-year-old New Jersey doctor was out of the country vacationing for at least 34 days over the last several years, according to federal prosecutors.
But during those vacation days, Dr. Michael Poyin Chang's hour logs at two World Trade Center Monitoring Clinics told another story. When they were out of the country — and even at times when the clinics themselves were closed — Chang said they were treating and prescribing medicine to New York City firefighters who survived the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York.
Chang lied about working on more than 300 days total, including 220 days when they aren't scheduled to work and 81 days when they were on vacation, the fire department's CityTime hour-logging database revealed. That means Chang stole $156,757 — nearly a year's worth of work — from the World Trade Center Monitoring Clinics, prosecutors said.
Chang was arrested Wednesday on suspicion of fraud, according to a criminal complaint filed May 24. They appeared Wednesday before U.S. Judge Sanket J. Bulsaram, prosecutors said. Their alleged wage-stealing scheme went on between 2011 and 2016.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Following their court appearance, Chang was released on $250,000 bond, a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's Office told McClatchy.
U.S. attorney Richard P. Donoghue described the funds Chang allegedly stole as “taxpayer money designated for the medical care of [New York City Fire Department] first responders who put their lives and health at risk in order to save others endangered by the World Trade Center terrorist attack.”
If Chang is convicted, they could face up to 10 years in prison, prosecutors said. Chang had worked at clinics in Queens and Orange County, New York, which is sandwiched between the Hudson River and New Jersey, north of New York City. Chang is a resident of Paramus, New Jersey.
The clinics were funded in part by the U.S. Center for Disease Control during the time Chang worked part-time as a doctor for the city's fire department, prosecutors said.
“Stealing time is fraud,” New York City Department of Investigation Commissioner Mark G. Peters said in a statement announcing Chang's arrest.
During their years working for the city's fire department, Chang had a range of duties centered on helping 9/11 first responders, prosecutors said. Some of their work was examining current firefighters. Another component of their job was performing physicals on retirees. Chang also was responsible for doing follow-up care and prescribing medicine to New York City Fire Department members and retirees, prosecutors said. All of their pay was hourly.
When an audit revealed “significant discrepancies” between Chang's work schedule and the hours they were logging, investigators for the New York City inspector general started looking into Chang's hours, the complaint said.
Work schedules kept by the department's medical office revealed Chang didn't have shifts on the 220 days they falsely claimed to have worked, according to prosecutors. And by digging into U.S. Customs and Border Protection records, investigators discovered Chang wasn't even in the country during at least 34 of the 81 vacation days they pretended to be working, according to the U.S. Attorney's office.
Chang's password for the CityTime hour-logging program was unique to him, according to the complaint. That meant Chang themselves was “solely responsible for documenting their hours, which were not independently verified by their superiors,” the complaint said. Chang entered the hours from a computer at the Orange County clinic.
This week I've received lots of emails from constituents about Brexit.
Thank you to everyone who has taken the time to get in touch – it's fantastic that so many people are engaged with this important issue.
Although I campaigned for a vote to remain, I respect the decision that's been made.
In 2017, I stood on a Labour manifesto which said that ‘Labour accepts the referendum result and will seek a Brexit deal that works for every community in Britain.'
The question is no longer whether we leave the EU, but how we leave, and I will continue to push for the best deal for Ashfield
Currently, there are 850,000 people in the UK living with dementia, and this number is set to rise to more than a million in the next three years.
It's encouraging for local residents that diagnosis rates in this area are higher than the national average, meaning that people with dementia can receive information, care and support early.
However, more needs to be done to give everyone the same chance.
I have signed a letter, organised by the Alzheimer's Society, to the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care.
This letter calls for the Government to cover the cost of dementia for individuals, quality of care to be assured, and to make sure that everyone has access to this care.
The typical bill for care for a person suffering from dementia would take 125 years to save for, so these assurances are so important to treating people fairly.
This year is the 100th anniversary of women first getting the vote.
Vote 100 is celebrating this and there is currently an exhibition at Kirkby Library, which has been created by Nottingham Women's History Group, which showcases the fascinating local history around this topic, including Kirkby's first female councillor, Ada Jeffries, elected in the 1930s.
Them legacy lived on in Jeffries School, now West Park Academy, which was named after them
As Ashfield's first female MP, I'm proud to follow in the footsteps of these pioneering women.
After the latest parliamentary hearing, a spokesperson for Cambridge Analytica denied the company was a "Bond villain".
Suspended Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix lied to parliament over the company's use of Facebook data, according to the Cambridge University academic who obtained the profiles at the centre of a global scandal.
Aleksandr Kogan gave evidence to the UK Commons committee for digital culture, media, and sport on Tuesday. They were the former head of Global Science Research (GSR) – the firm which harvested the tens of millions of Facebook profiles that were allegedly used in elections around the world by Cambridge Analytica without the users' consent. They accused Nix of a "total fabrication" when it came to denying the links between Cambridge Analytica and GSR's data.
If Kogan's claims are true, Nix could be found in contempt of parliament. The committee's chair Damian Collins read out parts of their question and answer session with Nix from February, with Kogan asked if the answers held up to scrutiny. "I said to [Nix], does any of your data come from Global Science Research, and they said, 'no'," Collins said. Kogan said, "That's a fabrication." They went on to call a similar answer a "total fabrication". Collins then asked, "As far as you're concerned, [Nix] lied?"
Kogan replied, "Absolutely." Last week, Nix refused to reappear before the select committee inquiry, citing the UK Information Commissioner's current investigation into Cambridge Analytica. Collins said that what Nix told the committee in February — that Cambridge Analytica never received data from GSR — did not have "much credibility any more” given Kogan's testimony on Tuesday, and other evidence produced in hearings with former Cambridge Analytica employee Christopher Wylie. Collins told BuzzFeed News that the committee is requesting Nix come back for another hearing in light of the recent evidence. “I think [Kogan] was really clear in their views on Alexander Nix's evidence and believes that they worked with Cambridge Analytica and that they provided [the company] with a lot of data and information over time,” Collins said of the Cambridge University academic's hearing. Just a few hours after Kogan finished giving evidence in Westminster, Cambridge Analytica gave its first press conference since the scandal broke. Representatives from the company didn't appear. Instead, the press conference was fronted by PR fixer Clarence Mitchell. "The company has been portrayed in some quarters as some Bond villain," Mitchell told reporters as they launched a new company website called cambridgefacts.com, which is aimed at countering some of the recent claims in the media. "Cambridge Analytica is no Bond villain." Mitchell also said Nix would front the fake news inquiry in the future, but had been given legal advice not to appear while the information committee's investigation was ongoing.
Questions about whether Nix lied to the UK parliament come after two Democratic members of the US House intelligence committee told BuzzFeed News that the embattled former CEO misled them over similar claims last year.
On Tuesday, Kogan's role in the Cambridge Analytica scandal was also in the spotlight. In interviews with BuzzFeed News last week, Kogan admitted he'd violated Facebook's written policies when they gave SCL Elections – Cambridge Analytica's parent company – the data acquired through their app. But today, Kogan questioned whether the terms of service were even valid, because, as they suggested, Facebook did not consistently "enforce" them against other developers who acquired similar data from the platform. "I do not think they have a developer policy that is valid," Kogan said. "For you to break a policy it has to exist and really be their policy." Kogan danced around the topic, prompting Labour MP Paul Farrelly to label them "a professor of semantics".
Collins was also surprised that Facebook had not been clearer on its relationship with Kogan, who the company provided with aggregated data sets for research as early as 2013. Given the committee's discussion with Facebook UK policy director Simon Milner in Washington in February, Collins said the company had “not been straight” in providing answers on data use or retention. The committee head also said the narrative led to Kogan being “singled out” in the examination of how third parties obtained and used information on users of the social network. “For Alexander Kogan to say that they were given aggregated, macro-level data by Facebook to work with and no real terms and conditions for how you work with it … suggests that policies were a lot looser than the company had let on,” said Collins. Facebook's chief technology officer Mike Schroepfer will appear before the Committee inquiry on Thursday, with the executive in for a rougher time in light of the recent revelations about the tech giant.
Mark Di Stefano is a media and politics reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. Contact Mark Di Stefano at mark.distefano@buzzfeed.com. Ryan Mac is a senior technology reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in San Francisco. They report on the intersection of money, technology and power. Contact Ryan Mac at ryan.mac@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Weather plays a big role in Wednesday's 10-game MLB DFS slate, which also features a few of the best pitchers in baseball. Keep an eye on the forecast heading into the evening, and plan accordingly. The major weather concerns are in Pittsburgh and Detroit, with scattered showers around the east coast stadiums possibly causing delays.
There were plenty of power options available last night, as 48 home runs were hit across baseball. Power continues to rule, and Jeff Passan noted earlier this week that this year could set an all-time record for the lowest percentage of singles hit. Through Sunday, 63.69 percent of all hits have been singles. Still not exactly a low number, but the record-setting pace is indicative of the type of season we've had so far.
Let's take a look at the main slate, offering recommendations for both DraftKings and FanDuel:
MLB DFS Pitchers
Today is a tough day for pitchers, but it doesn't have to be. Two of the game's best are in action in solid matchups, and both are worth paying the price tag. We'll also include a cheaper, riskier option to help you build around big bats.
James Paxton
Paxton gave up five runs in Texas earlier this year, but they get them at home tonight where he's been much better. Big Maple has posted back-to-back monster starts, including 11 strikeouts last week against Minnesota. Texas strikes out more than any team in baseball, and despite scoring at least five runs in eight straight games, seven of them were at home. Paxton is under 10K on FanDuel, where he'll likely be the most popular choice. On both formats he's at least 2K cheaper than Max Scherzer, making them the default option for those seeking an ace with slightly more roster flexibility.
Max Scherzer
Those expecting Scherzer to dominate the Marlins were let down in their last start, as they posted both their highest run total and lowest strikeout totals of the season. Tonight they get another great matchup against Baltimore, one of the worst hitting teams in baseball. Scherzer usually gives up at least a run or two, but if they can avoid Manny Machado, they could mow down this Orioles lineup and get back to double-digit strikeouts. He's by far the most expensive pitcher on the slate, but if you're afraid Texas is too hot right now, Scherzer is a lock for a strong game.
Value: Fernando Romero
Romero can close out an excellent May with a strong start tonight, and he's dirt cheap on FanDuel ($6,600). Romero has only one start where he's allowed more than two runs, and struck out seven Mariners over seven innings in their most recent start. There's a good chance they won't go more than five innings, but he's got the strikeout numbers to make up for it and match their price tag. The Royals are actually worse against righties than they are left-handed pitchers, batting .249 as a team in 55 games this season.
MLB DFS Stacks
Mariners
This one is easy and should be very popular. Matt Moore is very bad and is usually the target of DFS stacks whenever they start. He's surrendered at least four runs in five of their 10 starts this season, including a 10-run implosion against Cleveland. The entire Mariners outfield is in play tonight, but also take a look at Jean Segura, who returned from a two-game absence with another three-hit game. He's had at least two hits in six of their last ten games played. It feels like a night for Ryon Healey to go yard.
Braves
With Noah Syndergaard headed to the DL, Jason Vargas gets bumped up for a start against Atlanta. After skipping a start to fix himself, Vargas pitched five scoreless innings to get a win over Miami. Unfortunately the success was short-lived, and Vargas was lit up by Milwaukee over the weekend. Now they face Atlanta, the day after the Mets bullpen had to replace an injured Steven Matz and then go 10 innings last night. I'm really hoping the weather avoids this game tonight, where a cheap option like Preston Tucker could come in handy if we're paying for pitching.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scarlett Moffatt has continued to distance themselves from Ant McPartlin after being romantically linked with the TV presenter.
Rumours were sparked when Moffatt joined Ant and Dec on stage as they picked up their gong at the National Television Awards last month.
Viewers saw Ant with their arm around their shoulders while Dec walked with their hand on their back across the stage.
As the camera panned across them, NTA viewers mischievously suggested there could be more than meets the eye, reports the Mirror.
However, Ant's rep denied the claims to the Mail.
Their rep slammed the claims as "total bulls**t", as fans took to Twitter to remark on what a "beautiful couple" they made.
The former Gogglebox star, 28, is believed to have been shocked when they were falsely fingered in Ant McPartlin's 11-year marriage breakdown to Lisa Armstrong.
So when they invited their friends backstage at ITV studios last night, they took no chances.
Rather than grabbing both Ant and Dec for a picture with their starry-eyed pals, they just collared Dec instead.
A month ago, I'm a Celebrity winner Scarlett Moffatt said they feel very lucky to be working so closely with Ant and Dec.
The former Gogglebox star is a roving reporter on the duo's Saturday Night Takeaway, which returns this week.
Scarlett, 27, said: “That's given me a lot of confidence, just in the last year.
“They are great mentors.”
But Scarlett dismissed rumours linking them romantically to Ant McPartlin, who has recently split from their wife , despite a photo of them sitting on their bedside – ­famously captured in a selfie.
(Image: scarlett_moffatt/Instagram)
They said they were very happy with their new boyfriend, fitness model and ­personal trainer Lee Wilkinson, the Mirror reported .
The pair have been friends for ten years and went public by sharing loved up Valentine's Day snaps on social media.
Speaking as they backed a Richmond Sausages campaign, Scarlett said they enjoy cooking their new hunk, Lee, breakfast despite their punishing TV schedule.
They added: “It's a long day!”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County got back to winning ways in the Championship with a 3-0 win over Brentford at Pride Park.
Tom Huddlestone netted their first goal for the Rams, with January signing Cameron Jerome adding a second before half time.
Gary Rowett's side were awarded a penalty in the final minutes, and Matej Vydra stepped up to put Derby 3-0 up with their 16th league goal of the season.
The Derby Telegraph's chief football writer Steve Nicholson was at Pride Park, and has handed out their player ratings for each of the Rams players.
Scott Carson - 7
Two good saves second half when it was 2-0.
Andre Wisdom - 7
Another strong performance at right back.
Richard Keogh - 7
Important block from Dalsgaard with 12 minutes left. Another good performance.
Curtis Davies - 7
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Marvellous consistency, quietly gets on with their job.
Marcus Olsson - 7
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Got forward from left back to supplement attacks, combined well with Anya.
Tom Huddlestone - 8
(Image: Andy Clarke)
First goal for the club and controlled matters in midfield. Classy, sprayed passes around. Did they give the ball away?
George Thorne - 7
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Steady display, comfortable on the ball.
Tom Lawrence - 6
Looks a little short of confidence at the minute. Got to play through lean spell. Just needs to keep things simple at the moment.
Matej Vydra - 7
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Had to cope with some close attention from their marker, Ryan Woods, but still a threat all game. 17th goal of the season.
Ikechi Anya - 8
Given this was their first start in the League this season they take credit. A lively, energetic, pacy performance.
They were positive, took on their marker at every opportunity and it was refreshing to see a player willing to take on a defender on the outside. Fitness levels good considering how little first-team football they have played.
Cameron Jerome - 7
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Deserved their first start, grabbed their first goal for the club and a good all-round display for an hour. Offers strength and a turn of pace as the focal point of the attack.
Sam Winnall (for Jerome, 63) - 7
Won the penalty from which Vydra scored.
Joe Ledley (for Thorne, 79) N/A
Kasey Palmer (for Anya, 90) N/A
The new French government intends to clean up politics. Justice Minister Francois Bayrou on Wednesday presented a clean government bill, after a string of corruption and ethics scandals in France over the past several years. It's the first major legislation put forward by President Emmanuel Macron's administration, and it follows up on a campaign promise.
“It's about putting practices and rules in place to protect citizens from abuse, and give them back a confidence in democratic life,” said Bayrou when they presented their proposed legislation to the media, earlier this month.
French confidence in government has been degrading for several years, and surveys show that trust in public officials is at an all-time low.
There was a first attempt to add transparency after the so-called Cahuzac affair in 2012, when Budget Minister Jerome Cahuzac was discovered to have hidden bank accounts in Switzerland with 3.5 million euros of undeclared income.
This prompted then President Francois Hollande to announce a series of measures, including a law—which was passed—requiring elected officials to make their financial situations public.
Since then, there have been other scandals, most recently during the presidential election campaign, when the conservative candidate Francois Fillon was accused of paying their wife as a parliamentary aide, though they allegedly did not do any actual work.
And far-right candidate Marine Le pen was accused of using European Parliament money, intended to hire assistants, to finance their political party.
None of this helped ease the public's feeling that all politicians are corrupt, which is why there is a need for a law.
“We need a collective return to confidence,” said Bayrou. “We can no longer comment on individual behaviour, or adopt half-measures in reaction to events and then forget them. It is essential to adopt a global measure, to restore citizen's confidence.”
Government has its own problems
But this government is facing its own conflict of interest issues.
Bayrou's party, the centrist Modem, is currently being investigated for possibly misusing European Parliament funds, and European Affairs Minister, Marielle de Sarnez, also a member of the Modem, is facing a similar probe.
And in the Minister for Territorial Cohesion, Richard Ferrand, is under investigation for their past business practices.
Nevertheless, the government is going forward with the bill, which would require the National Assembly and the Senate to set specific rules to prevent conflicts of interest.
The proposed law imposes term limits on lawmakers. And there is a measure banning lawmakers from hiring family members. About 100 out of the 577 members of the National Assembly employed at least one family member during the last term.
The bill also asks MPs to report expenses. Today, they receive monthly allowances, which they do not have to justify.
The bill goes even further than Macron's campaign promise: it gets rid of a special court for lawmakers, the Cour de justice de la République. This means MPs and ministers would be judged by the same courts as any other citizen.
There is also a proposal to change the rules of the constitutional council.
“Former presidents will no longer be [automatically] part of the Constitutional Council, which will bring the council closer to supreme courts of other states,” constitutionalist Olivier Rouquan told RFI. “This lends a credibility to France, about the rule of law and a separation of powers.”
For him, these reforms show that France is ready to reform institutions in line with international standards.
Campaign funding
One measure that Bayrou insisted on being part of the bill is the creation of a financial institution, called a “democratic bank”, that would lend money to political parties for their campaigns.
Currently, small parties like his, rely on asking for loans from private banks.
The Modem would benefit, as would the Front National. The FN's treasurer, Wallerand de Saint-Just, told RFI that Marine Le Pen, the former head of the party and its presidential candidate, spoke with Bayrou about the issue.
“He said, I do not generally agree with Marine Le Pen,” they said. But, after speaking about the issue, Bayrou “understood it. There is an unbalance, and a democratic inequality that is very difficult for small parties.”
The proposals will probably easily pass in parliament, which after Sunday's election will most likely have an overwhelming majority of lawmakers supporting Macron.
A constitutional reform is needed to modify the Constitutional Council, and this will require a two-thirds vote in both chambers – something that is trickier politically, and will therefore wait until the fall.
(Additional reporting by Laurence Theault and Pierre Firtion)
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Jenny Cavnar has had a long-running career in Major League Baseball, but they slid into a historic new role in the broadcast booth Monday night, becoming the first woman since 1996 to call the televised play-by-play for a major league team.
Cavnar called the Colorado Rockies and San Diego Padres matchup in Denver alongside analyst Jeff Huson and former Rockies outfielder-turned analyst Ryan Spilborghs. It was a fitting assignment for Cavnar, who previously reported for the Padres before joining the Rockies as a pre- and post-game host in 2012.
With more than a decade of baseball reporting in various capacities under their belt, Cavnar called their first televised homerun Monday night when Rockies' third baseman Nolan Arenado stepped up to the plate.
“That ball is shot into left field, fire up the fountains she's gone,” Cavnar announced, describing the two-run shot in the bottom of the first inning. Them run call coincided with the eruption of the classic Coors Field fountains whenever the home team hits a home run.
Cavnar joins a shortlist of women who have called America's pastime.
Mary Shane was the first female in a booth, doing radio for the Chicago White Sox in 1976 before moving on to television; and Suzyn Waldman was the first woman to do baseball game commentary, for a few New York Mets games on radio in June 1993, according to ESPN. Waldman called their first TV broadcast in July 1995 for a New York Yankees versus Texas Rangers game on ABC's “Baseball Night in America” and their first play-by-play in 1996.
Other notable women who have spent time in the booth include Gayle Gardner, who replaced Charlie Jones on the Rockies TV broadcast for the Aug. 3, 1993 Rockies and Cincinnati Reds game. Pam Boucher announced 36 games on Yankees TV, WPIX in 1977.
Cavnar, a Colorado native, previously made history in 2015 as the first female analyst for a series of National League games in the radio booth.
They felt the love with messages of support from around the league and other women in the industry, including ESPN “Sunday Night Baseball” analyst Jessica Mendoza.
Although the Rockies fell to the Padres 13-5, the night will go down as a win for Cavnar.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
China's premier appeals to US to 'act rationally' over trade
hello
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang arrives for a press conference after the closing session of China's National People's Congress (NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Associated Press
Chinese President Xi Jinping, center, is followed by Premier Li Keqiang and leaders as they arrive for the closing session of the annual National People's Congress (NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Associated Press
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang speaks during a press conference after the closing session of China's National People's Congress (NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Associated Press
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang applauds during the closing session of the annual National People's Congress in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China, Tuesday, March 20, 2018. Associated Press
BEIJING -- Chinese Premier Li Keqiang appealed to Washington on Tuesday to "act rationally" and avoid disrupting trade over steel, technology and other disputes, promising that Beijing will "open even wider" to imports and investment.
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li, the No. 2 Chinese leader, at a news conference held during the meeting of China's ceremonial legislature.
Li made no mention of a possible Chinese response in the event U.S. President Donald Trump raises import barriers over trade complaints against Beijing, but other officials say President Xi Jinping's government is ready to act.
Trump's government already has raised import duties on Chinese-made washing machines and other goods to offset what it says are improper subsidies and is investigating whether Beijing pressures foreign companies to hand over technology, which might lead to trade penalties. That has prompted fears of Chinese retaliation.
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," said Li. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said on March 11 that China will "resolutely defend" its interests. They gave no details but business groups say Beijing might target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage, the premier said its investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Li promised more market-opening and other reforms as Xi's government tries to make its cooling, state-dominated economy more productive. They said Beijing will make it easier to start a business and will open more industries to foreign and private competition.
The ruling Communist Party promised in 2013 to give a bigger role to market forces and entrepreneurs who generate most of China's new jobs and wealth.
Reform advocates complain they are moving too slowly, but hope Xi, who took power in 2012, might accelerate changes after focusing during their first five-year term as party leader on cementing their status as China's most dominant figure since at least the 1980s.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
Li repeated a promise they made March 5 at the opening of the legislature to "fully open the manufacturing sector" to foreign competitors.
"We will also fully open the manufacturing sector," the premier said. "There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected."
The government has yet to say how that might change conditions for automakers and other manufacturers that are required to work through Chinese partners, which requires them to give technology to potential competitors.
In a sign of Li's reduced status as President Xi Jinping amasses power, the premier was flanked by eight newly promoted economic officials, in contrast to previous years when they appeared alone at the annual news conference.
They included Liu He, a Harvard-trained Xi adviser who was named a vice premier Monday and has told foreign businesspeople they will oversee economic reform. Neither Liu nor any of the other officials spoke at the event.
The premier traditionally is China's top economic official but Xi has stripped Li of their most prominent duties by appointing themselves to lead ruling party bodies that oversee economic reform and finance policy.
Global Grind
Ever sinces been accused of putting folks at risk for herpes, the pop singer has kept a low profile. Now, it seems like he's ready to reconnect with their fans, but for reasons you might not have guessed.
The A-town crooner made an appearance on Ellen to unveil a new app called Megastar. According to the singer, you can upload videos to the app, sharing your best talent — singing, comedy, dancing, etc. — for an opportunity to win $1 million. In Usher's words, “It is the first ever talent competition in the palm of your hands.”
Soon after the announcement, Usher participated in a fun game of charades where Usher acted out movie titles for an audience member to guess. When it got to Magic Mike, Usher, declined acting it out. Maybe he's trying to veer away from sex talk? You can find the whole clip for yourself below.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
A Littleover singer has sailed through the X-Factor auditions as part of a girl group called Lemonade, according to insiders.
It is understood that the girl named Mya was a pupil at the Littleover Community School until they left this summer.
The group initially auditioned in the first round of the competition which was shown on Sunday, October 1, where they can be seen in brief shots with their bandmates.
Find out how X Factor hopeful James Alton got on when ITV show aired
Insiders are tight-lipped, but the word is that the group will be appearing soon in the Boot Camp stage of the show.
The group would have been selected from countless auditions which were not necessarily all televised.
The X-Factor is currently in its 14th season since it first aired in 2004.
Do you know Mya, or can you put us in touch with their family? Get in touch by emailing tom.bokros@derbytelegraph.co.uk, or sending us a message via Facebook or Twitter.
Abuja – The absence of prosecution witness on Monday stalled the continuation of trial in the alleged murder case filed against Maryam Sanda, and three others before Justice Yusuf Halilu of the FCT High Court, Jabi.
The other defendants are: Mrs Maimuna Aliyu, Maryam's mother, Aliyu Sanda, the brother and Sadiya Aminu, the housemaid.
The other three defendants were accused of aiding Maryam in carrying out the alleged murder of Bilyaminu Bello, the son of a former PDP Chairman, Mr Haliru Bello, on Nov. 19, 2017.
Justice Halilu adjourned for continuation of trial until April 19 and April 20, at the instance of the prosecution counsel, Mr James Idachaba.
Idachaba informed the court that the witness they intended to present could no longer be sighted.
Idachaba said that the prosecution came to court with two witnesses, and that the witness they intended to start with was nowhere to be found.
They urged the court to disregard the submission of the defence counsel, Mr Joseph Daudu (SAN), urging the court to dismiss the murder charge against the defendants.
“We are in total opposition of the application to dismiss the charge against the defendants, we have filed a 22-paragraph affidavit, the application by the defence counsel to dismiss the charge against the defendants should be dismissed.
“The submission that the charge against the defendants is incompetent is totally misconceived.
“Plea had already been taken, we urge the court to dismiss that relief and refuse granting the prayers,'' Idachaba said.
Daudu had prayed the court to quash the charges against the defendants, adding that the prosecution did not follow the right process before filling the charges.
According to Daudu, the matter should have been transmitted to the Attorney- General immediately the police finished their investigation.
They said that the police do not have the power to prosecute such murder case and that the power was only vested with the Attorney-General of the Federation.
Daudu had urged the court to dismiss the suit as the police failed to do the proper thing.
“The originating process is defective; the prosecution did not follow the normal procedure before it filed the matter, the prosecution has denied the intervention of the Attorney-General in this matter.
“There are steps that ought to be taken before the prosecution could institute the matter, which it failed to do,'' they said.
Daudu urged the court to grant all the prayers of the defendants and dismiss the charge in its entirety (NAN)
In their latest attempt to undermine President Trump, John McCain appeared on MSNBC with Chuck Todd to demand that Trump
handle foreign policy theirs way.
“Not everybody thinks the Washington consensus on foreign policy has worked in the Middle East over the last 25 years,” Chuck
Todd began. “And it hasn't. And you're right. It hasn't. But it wasn't because of the people that are around [Trump] now. For eight
years, we basically did nothing in response to some of the horrendous war crimes in history. I support what they did, but we've got
to develop a strategy.”
Of course, the president has already made it clear that we are not invading Syria.
“There is still not an overall strategy that they can come to congress and their advisors and say, ‘ok here is how we are going to
handle Syria,'” McCain continued. “'Here is how we are going to handle post-Mosul Iraq.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
CBS/Paramount
CBS/Paramount
click to enlarge CBS/Paramount
click to enlarge CBS/Paramount
click to enlarge CBS/Paramount
was an iconic series, and set the tone for a lot of sci-fi television to come. That's the part of the story you probably already know. What you're probablyaware of is the odyssey of the series that has been forgotten or ignored. Sure, there's the 1983 feature film, with famous directors having their own segments and putting their own spin on classic episodes, but the forgotten legacy of the show is in the two reboots that were made for television in 1985 and 2002. On Feb. 7, CBS and Paramount finally released The complete '80s series to DVD.The entire reason the show got a revision in the first place was because series creator Rod Serling sold their share of the show back to CBS. For years the idea was bounced around to put it back on the air, but that didn't come to pass until the network decided that the '80s were a good time, after seeing Spielberg films likeandtake off to massive success. In fact, depending on how you feel about the show, you can directly thank or blame those films for the look and feel of the episodes from this series. Almost everything that was filmed seemed to have a special effects twist, or just a touch of gore to the side.One of the most notable aspects that set the reboot apart from its predecessor was the hour-long format. The original series only tried this in Season 4, whereas the '80s version went for episodes splitting the hour into two or three stand-alone segments. The series attracted a plethora of talent on both sides of the camera, snagging writers and directors like Harlan Ellison, George R. R. Martin, Ray Bradbury, Rockne S. O'Bannon, Wes Craven, Jeremy Bertrand Finch, Paul Chitlik, Stephen Spielberg, Stephen King, Arthur C. Clarke and William Friedkin. The cast members included Bruce Willis, Fred Savage, Morgan Freeman, Helen Mirren, Season Hubley, Martin Landau and Jonathan Frakes.By all logic, the series should have been a success. However, plagued with awkward storytelling that didn't fit the original series, the "monster of the week" tropes, airing on Saturday nights, competition from shows likeon NBC (which Spielberg created) and lack of promotion all but doomed the show after two seasons. A third season was produced for syndication, reverting back to a 30-minute format with single stories, but this was simply done to get the show into syndication so that the producers could recoup costs down the road. The series was ultimately considered a flop by the network, not reaching the kind of popularity of the original, or even the notoriety of Serling's other project,This DVD pack is basically the 2004 Season 1 DVD and the 2005 Seasons 2 & 3 DVD sets combined into one. The menus and features are all the same, every single episode has been mildly cleaned up as best they could for filming quality at the time, with a little tweaking on the audio. The features include audio commentaries on select episodes, a chat with Wes Craven, deleted scenes and photo galleries, not to mention the original bumpers for the show that aired on network television. Everything that was included in the previous sets is all wrapped up in one package.Unfortunately, what ithave is the kind of material that would make this set great. One of the biggest additions they could have added to the special features would have been a retrospective on the reboot—a small documentary on how it came to be and the people involved, all the way down to the final episode and some reflection on the series as a whole. But that is not the case here. Much like the final season, the DVD feels like it was produced simply to make a little extra money off it and nothing else. If CBS can create 200 hours of special features on a show likeand all of its DVDs, surely the company could have taken the time to put some additional care into this one. There's great nostalgia potential here, but either no one bothered to explore it or didn't consider it worth the expense to include.Basically, The 80'sDVD set is what it is: a DVD set for those who have fond memories of the series or wish to explore it since it's never been made available on streaming media. Considering all the star power that was behind this series, especially in the first season, it's kinda sad to think that is the best selling point to the show. It's definitely worth a once-over viewing for any fan of sci-fi television, as there are many great stories in here. It just feels a little lacking.
By Naomi Uzor
The Nigerian-American Chamber of Commerce (NACC) has emphasized that micro small medium enterprises (MSMEs) are crucial for economic growth and development of the country.
President of NACC, Chief Olabintan Famutimi, stated this at the 2nd Edition of the African Food and Products Exhibition and Conference organised by the Chamber, themed: “Non-Oil Exports' Scaling up Productivity to Meet Global Demand”.
They said the impact of SMEs is systemic and all-encompassing – from the integration of essential goods and services like apparel and fashion, beauty and wellness, foods and beverages, art and crafts to the promotion and establishment of non-oil exports.
“In light of this, we must do two things: we must scale up our productivity and we must make our response even more relevant in the global space. Stronger cooperation and coordination within the sectors, tailored to the realities of each context and mindful of each component's mandate, competences and skills, will allow us to do so. And this is what the Nigerian-American Chamber of Commerce is aggressively promoting even with this exhibition and conference,” they stated.
Famutimi said the chamber will continue to loudly remind all stakeholders of the need to promote and preserve MSMEs and to apply international best practices and other relevant frameworks, such as access to market, access to business funding, export value chain process, and the full implementation of the African Growth Opportunity Act (AGOA).
In their remark, Managing Director, Bank of Industry (BoI), Mr. Olukayode Pitan, said agriculture should not be treated as just a social sector intervention for managing poverty but more as a business for creating wealth and empowering citizens. They noted that before the discovery of petroleum in commercial quantities, Nigeria's agriculture sector was a major source of revenue and employment, adding that at its peak, it contributed close to 65 per cent of national GDP.
Pitan who was represented by Executive Director, SME, Mr. Waheed Olagunju, stated: “We are not strangers to the potentials of agriculture and the benefits it presents for the Nigerian economy. In fact, this is why agriculture is one of six sectors identified for growth in the Economic Recovery & Growth Plan (ERGP).
For us as a nation, agriculture should not be treated as just a social sector intervention for managing poverty but more as a business for creating wealth and empowering citizens. It is the kind of business that can help many African nations, including Nigeria, diversify revenue, reduce import dependency, create jobs and develop rural areas.
“According to the World Bank, Africa's agriculture and agribusiness trade are projected to reach $1 trillion by 2030 as compared to the current market size of just under $350 billion. This three-fold increase would translate to more jobs, greater prosperity, less hunger and significantly more global trade for African farmers.”
In this photo provided by the NHL, Todd Gurley of the Los Angeles Rams poses backstage with their portrait at the 7th Annual NFL Honors at the Cyrus Northrop Memorial Auditorium on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Minneapolis. NFL via AP Peter Barreras
CenterState Banks in Winter Haven, Fla., may be outgrowing its home state.
The $6.8 billion-asset CenterState is finding it increasingly challenging to find suitable bank deals in Florida, John Corbett, the company's president and CEO, said during a conference call to discuss two new acquisitions.
By Abby Hassler
Bruno Mars shocked their sold-out Auburn Hills, MI audience on Saturday (August 12) when they announced they will donate $1 million from the show's proceeds to provide aid to Flint water crisis victims.
Related: Bruno Mars Releases ‘Versace on the Floor' Video Starring Zendaya
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.”
The funds will benefit The Community Foundation of Greater Flint nonprofit.
'Scandal' creator Shonda Rhimes making new shows for Netflix
hello
LOS ANGELES -- Shonda Rhimes, the creator of popular television series such as "Scandal" and "Grey's Anatomy," has signed a deal to make new shows for Netflix.
The streaming service announced late Sunday that Rhimes' Shondaland production company is moving to Netflix. Netflix wrote in a news release that Rhimes' shows "Grey's Anatomy," ''Scandal" and "How to Get Away With Murder" would continue to air on ABC.
Rhimes wrote in a statement that they were grateful to the network for giving their career a start, but they were looking forward to expanding their audience and "creative identity" with Netflix.
They wrote that they and Netflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos had developed a plan for the next phase of Rhimes' career. They said Netflix offered them and their team "limitless possibilities."
Flooding caused by heavy rainfall has killed three people and destroyed 20 houses in Gombe State, just as eight other persons were injured from the effects of the rainfall, an official said.
Some of the areas affected include Jekadafari, Nasarawo, Tudun Wada, all in the state capital, Gombe.
The Executive Sectary of the State Emergency Management Agency, SEMA, Danlami Rukuije, said the dead include a prominent Islamic scholar and second Imam of Al-Burhan Masjid in the state capital, Muhammad Bello.
Rukuije said the late Monday evening downpour wreaked havoc for three hours.
They said apart from residential buildings, households items and properties, several livestock were also killed by the flood, with many people are feared missing.
This story is about Published 5h
Madness meter: Baylor, SMU are locks but what do schools like TCU, A&M and UTA need to dance in March? Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
AP Baylor guard Manu Lecomte (20) drives against TCU guard Jaylen Fisher (0) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in Fort Worth, Texas, Saturday, Jan. 21, 2017. (AP Photo/LM Otero)
By Chuck Carlton , Staff Writer Contact Chuck Carlton on Twitter: @ChuckCarltonDMN
The NCAA selection committee provided a nice made-for-TV moment when it released the current top 16 seeds for the tournament on Saturday. Yes, the news was nice for No. 1 seeds Villanova, Kansas, Baylor and Gonzaga and the other 12 schools that heard their names called. If the selection chairperson Mark Hollis, the athletic director at Michigan State, wanted real angst they should have announced the final eight teams in the tournament and first eight teams out. Talk about your reality show filled with smiles and mock outrage worthy of the College Football Playoff. As it is now, the countdown to Selection Sunday still figures to have plenty of sweaty palm moments. Here's a breakdown of how things stand on a local and regional level. AMERICAN ATHLETIC SMU's win over Cincinnati removed any lingering doubts about the Mustangs' postseason destination.
SMU's win over Cincinnati has people talking and its poll position rising
They still can't afford to stumble, either at home against Tulane on Wednesday or in a testing road game at Houston on Saturday. Beyond a conference tournament, the question now becomes how high SMU can climb. Despite a No. 11 ranking last week, Cincinnati was left out of the top 16. So the fifth seed seems a likely plateau for the AAC's best. That's not such a big jump from the sixth seed projected for SMU now by ESPN and would make a potential second-round game less taxing. BIG 12 At the top of the conference, the biggest question is whether Baylor and Kansas can each claim No. 1 seeds. The NCAA had each in the No. 1 spot in its bracket preview Saturday. While Kansas managed one of the great escapes in Allen Fieldhouse history Monday against West Virginia, Baylor wasn't as lucky in Lubbock. The Bears probably need to beat Kansas in a Waco showdown Saturday to keep hopes alive of a No. 1 seed (and at least a share of a Big 12 regular-season title). Put West Virginia in the tournament too, probably as a No. 4 or 5 seed. And assuming a magic number of seven bids for the Big 12 given the apparent softness of the bubble this year and recent history, Oklahoma State, TCU, Kansas State and Iowa State also find themselves in favorable spots. Oklahoma State (31) and TCU (37) each have RPIs in the 30s, while Kansas State (50) and Iowa State (57) are in much more precarious territory. Kansas State (West Virginia and Baylor) and Iowa State (at Kansas) each possesses signature wins.
Mosley: Baylor still has a chance to claim a No. 1 seed in the NCAA tournament after loss to Texas Tech
The picture about who is better positioned gets a little clearer Wednesday when Oklahoma State plays at TCU and Iowa State travels Kansas State. TCU coach Jamie Dixon has already challenged their team for the stretch drive. “Somebody's going to get better [in] these last six games,” Dixon told reporters this week, “and someone's going to get worse.” While the upset win over Baylor led Texas Tech fans to rush the court and boosted the Red Raiders' RIP up to 85, the Red Raiders have plenty of work remaining. And, amazingly, the two teams with no chance short of a conference tournament run are Texas, picked third in the Big 12, and Oklahoma coming off a Final Four appearance. SEC The good news for Texas A&M is that gambling website Bovada was still listing odds on the Aggies for the NCAA championship this week. Of course, the odds were 500-1. Yikes. With an RPI of 90, A&M (13-11, 5-7 SEC) probably needs to win out and reach the conference tournament title game to get back in the bubble discussion. More likely the Aggies need to win the SEC tournament. Don't bet on it. Even with a solid front line that includes Tyler Davis, D.J. Hogg and first-year student standout Robert Williams, the Aggies have been plagued by inconsistency and have not won more than two games in a row since Dec. 10. Two primary culprits: point guard play and perimeter depth. SUN BELT Don't look now but UTA (19-6, 9-3 Sun Belt) moved into first place in the conference having won seven of its last eight games with a Monday victory over Little Rock. An upcoming two-key game road trip to Georgia State and Georgia Southern will determine if the Mavericks can hold on for the regular season championship. “We have to create offense with our defense,” coach Scott Cross said. “When our guys do that, I think we're as good as any team in the league.” But the Sun Belt doesn't look like a two-bid league. Even with a more than respectable RPI of 41 as a mid-major, UTA almost certainly has to win the conference tournament in New Orleans to earn an NCAA bid. If the Mavericks reach the NCAA tournament, they would be a problematic matchup against higher seeded, with a go-to scorer in 6-9 Kevin Hervey (16.7 ppg, 8.0 rpg despite a sore knee) and non-conference wins over St. Mary's and Texas. CONFERENCE USA UNT (7-17, 1-11) will need a late surge to even make the 12-team C-USA tournament. The Mean Green did end a streak of 17 road/neutral losses by winning at Florida Atlantic last week. Twitter: @ChuckCarltonDMN Breaking down the RPI numbers for NCAA contenders of local and regional interest going into Tuesday's games (as compiled by WarrenNolan.com): School RPI Baylor 1 Kansas 2 SMU 18 West Virginia 29 Oklahoma State 31 TCU 37 UTA 41 Kansas State 50 Iowa State 56 Texas Tech 85 Texas A&M 90
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Patriot games: the rebirth of the African-American activist athlete
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
The passing of a York's Joe Newton: The passing of an Illinois legend
hello
Coaches are often unfairly judged by wins and losses.
Championships can also be inaccurately used as a barometer of success.
Just using these basic criteria puts Joe Newton at the head of the coaching class in Illinois high school sports. Filling the York trophy cases with 29 pieces of state title hardware -- 28 in boys cross-country and another in boys track and field -- puts them miles ahead of anyone else.
However, to solely use the staggering numbers of trophies they brought back to Elmhurst in their 60-plus years of coaching as the measure of greatness would be a gross injustice. Because Joe Newton was truly a champion of so many they coached, taught and influenced during their 88 years before they passed away early Saturday morning in Arizona.
All of us may run, but few of us want to do it day after day to the point of mental and physical exhaustion. From the time they arrived at York as a teacher in 1956 -- and then took over the cross-country and track and field programs in 1960 -- Joe Newton's brilliance was their ability to get so many kids of all shapes and sizes to push themselves to heights they may not have believed they could reach.
The vast majority of them would not reap the tangible benefits of reaching an award stand in Peoria. But they did receive a gift that would last a lifetime.
Joe Newton knew they simply couldn't wait for the runners to come to them en route to winning their first cross-country title in 1962 or their last in 2012. At the start of every school year, they would pull freshmen out of the gym classes who weren't in another sport and ask them, albeit in a pretty convincing way, to try and become one of their next "mighty mites" in the Long Green Line.
For two weeks I tried but wasn't among those who wanted to run at that point in time in my life. When I decided that was enough, I don't recall any tears being shed since my prospects were likely to make the Long Green Line even longer at the back end.
But they could definitely motivate the gym classes I was in for three of my four years at York. They also provided an aspiring sports writer with what will always be one of their most memorable moments almost 35 years later.
Joe Newton's impact in the international running community led to their friendship with legendary British runner Sebastian Coe. In between winning Olympic gold medals in the 1,500 meters in 1980 and 1984, Coe had come to stay with Joe Newton and do some training. And it was Joe Newton who set up the opportunity for a teenager from a high school newspaper to interview a world-renowned athlete who had been on the cover of Sports Illustrated.
Joe Newton had a few prep equivalents of Seb Coe in Don Sage and Marius Bakken. On the surface one would probably figure they coached more than four individual state cross-country champions than Ron Craker (1975), Jim White (1984), Sage (1999) and Sean McNamara (2004).
Their brilliance was their ability to motivate individuals, in what most see as an individual endeavor, to do everything they could for the team. The proof is in title streaks of six (1989-94) and five on two occasions (1980-84 and 2002-06).
One year the early 1980s streak appeared to be in jeopardy when some of their top runners were injured in a car accident days before the state meet. Other runners stepped in and the streak continued.
One of their runners would be battling an injury, an illness or would get elbowed during the state meet. Another would have the meet of their life and the Long Green Line kept marching on.
And Joe Newton did more than just win trophies on a regular basis. The Long Green Line and the incomparable Craig Virgin of Lebanon, who still holds the state record of 13:50.6 they set 45 years ago, helped make the boys state cross-country meet one of the greatest events in IHSA sports when it moved to Peoria in 1970.
Spectators could not even go on the course when it was held at the University of Illinois' Savoy Golf Course. But when longtime Peoria Central and Richwoods coach Bob LaCroix spearheaded a move, it opened the door for what Newton called York's "eighth man" when we talked for a story on the 20th anniversary of the state meet at the majestic Detweiller Park along the Illinois River.
The York band was always there. My junior year there were 13 -- thirteen -- student fan buses that went to Peoria for the state meet. After the awards ceremony where the team received their awards in tuxedos, Joe Newton shouted "everyone to Hardee's on McClure" to get something to eat before the trip back to Elmhurst.
It's no wonder that LaCroix said in 1989, "I can never think about a state meet without York. It's like it was designed for them."
Joe Newton's influence extended to runners in the Northwest Suburbs. One of their prize pupils was Pete Reiff, who finished third in state for their third title team in 1968 and then took fourth in the state 2-mile in 1969.
Reiff, who passed away in 2003, led a tremendous program at Hoffman Estates. That same knack for motivation and development led the Hawks to a runner-up finish to York in state cross-country in 1990, and the second-place track finish in 1997 is still the only top-three boys track trophy won by a Mid-Suburban League school.
And hearing Reiff shout across an infield "Attaboy, Jonesy" to one of their runners after a successful race sounded almost the same as it did if Joe Newton was shouting "Attaboy, Jonesy" to Dave Jones, one of their top runners in the early 1980s.
That is why Joe Newton was not a great coach just because York won 29 state championships under their direction.
York won those 29 championships because it was blessed to have one of the greatest coaches, motivators and leaders, in any sport or aspect of life, in Joe Newton.
marty.maciaszek@gmail.com
In a rather shocking development, the Supreme Court recently pulled up Tamil star Rajinikanth's wife Latha for failing to pay the Rs 6.20 Crore they owe a noted advertising company. While rebuking the former playback singer, the Supreme Court also asked them to either clear their dues or face trial. The SC has given them nearly a week to make it clear whether they plan to clear the dues. The advertising firm was associated with the highly ambitious 2014 release Kochadaiiyaan and had given nearly Rs 10 Crore to Latha's company.
The lady's company was supposed to refund the amount and pay an additional Rs 1.2 Crore as 'guaranteed profit'.
Latha's troubles started when a trial court asked the Police to look into the matter. In 2016, the Karnataka High Court quashed the order. Following this, the advertising company approached the Supreme Court. Earlier this year, the 'apex court' made it clear that they would have to clear the dues.
In case you did not know, Kochadaiiyaan was directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth and marked their directorial debut. Shot using motion capture technology, it featured Rajinikanth and Bollywood actor Deepika Padukone in the lead. The supporting cast featured names such as Jackie Shroff, Nassar and R Sarathkumar. Released on May 23, 2014, it opened to a good response at the box office but ultimately failed to live up to the expectations. Its distributors suffered losses and this proved to be an embarrassment for 'Thalaiva'.
Interestingly, this controversy involving Latha comes at a time when the Superstar is busy with their political commitments. On the film front, they currently have 2.0 and a film with Karthik Subbaraj in their kitty. 2.0 is a Shankar directorial and will see Rajini reprise their Chitti character from the 2010 hit Enthiran. Recently, it was reported that the makers of 2.0 are in a fix because of the unsatisfactory performance of Kaala. As such, it is not very clear when the sci-fi thriller will ultimately hit the screens.
Why are you being kept in the dark? Why will no one tell you what is going on? Whatever the reason there is no need to panic because by this time tomorrow everything will be clear. Whether or not you are pleased about it remains to be seen.
Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Cole Beasley (11) passes by New York Giants strong safety Landon Collins (21) during a 54 yard reception during the second half of play at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, on Sunday, December 10, 2017. Dallas Cowboys defeated the New York Giants 30-10. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
For roughly 2 hours and 35 minutes, the Cowboys and Giants played an incredibly tedious affair on Sunday that would be easy to forget. Two teams who didn't care for eachother, unfortunately had no idea how to get out of their own ways - let alone take the rival down in front of an incredibly unimpressed stadium half-full of Giants enthusiasts.
It was a very difficult game to watch and at 10-10, we had just seen a forgettable stretch of the game where ten consecutive series occurred and resulted in a combined nine punts and one missed field goal. It was brutal for both offenses. At least the Giants appeared to be securing their very high draft pick and seemed happy to achieve yet another loss. For the Cowboys, clinging to the slight remaining playoff hopes, this was yet another disgusting day where the offense could not get to where they wanted to go with regularity.
This week, it appeared to be the fault of the receivers for much of the afternoon. Terrance Williams had a ball hit them in the face in the end zone on the 1st drive in what would have been a nice catch for a touchdown, but surely one that they expect to make. Dez Bryant dropped a simple slant on that same first drive and would come back in the 2nd quarter and drop a huge gainer down the left sideline (possibly another touchdown) that also would go through their hands and hit them in the face-mask, too. It was not their finest moment and the complete shade they enjoyed on that route suggests they just flat-out missed it. The sun would claim a 3rd down to Cole Beasley on the next play and end the Cowboys 2nd Quarter drive with a Dan Bailey missed Field Goal (oddly, not the one referenced in the paragraph above, but a totally different one on a very poor day for the Cowboys the best kicker in franchise history).
Things were not going very well and now the Cowboys faced yet another 3rd down situation - 3rd and 2 from their own 26 - where they had converted just one of their last six. This was a 3rd and short, but that didn't stop Giants' interim coach Steve Spagnulo from dialing up a pretty aggressive blitz look to try to cause a big play.
The Giants brought the house - everyone they could send - despite the Cowboys offense looking like that was the one part of the game-plan they had sorted out. If you recall, last year, on the same exact weekend, the Cowboys visited the New York Giants on 10 days rest in Week 14 and looked like they had never seen a blitz before. The Giants trashed the Cowboys entire offensive game-plan, even with Ezekiel Elliott in top form, and humiliated the Cowboys badly in a decisive win that day.
52 weeks later, the Cowboys returned to the scene of that crime playing a Giants team with about half of its roster that went to the playoffs last year. This has been a season of massive disappointment for those Giants, and it has resulted in the expected firings of both coach and general manager.
Yet, their defensive coordinator from last year is now coaching the team, and it appeared that they were convinced last year's game plan was the one to dust off. That means, on 3rd downs, they were going to rattle Dak Prescott with pressure - sometimes with five and doubling the prime targets, but other times with seven and simply overwhelming the Cowboys QB with rushers.
The trouble with that decision of theirs was this - they did not have the necessary cover guys to do what they so chose to do. If you are going to put guys in space on a one-on-one basis to stop a receiver after the catch, they are going to have to be sure of their ability to tackle their man. Yet, the three biggest plays of the game were all in these scenarios.
The biggest one was right before halftime from midfield where the Cowboys could just not get anything going to that point on offense. But, on a 2nd and 6, the Giants bring 7. That puts Brandon Dixon - a guy who three weeks ago was brought up from the Giants practice squad - in a one-on-one situation with Dez Bryant on a slant route. Bryant catches the ball and then with the strength of a receiver who doesn't often go down from the first man, swings Dixon off them and sprints to the end zone for a 50-yard touchdown catch. It was a fine job by Dez Bryant for sure, but it made you wonder why the Giants thought that was a good idea.
But, to be fair, the Giants blitzed seven different times on Sunday. The results for the Cowboys? Five first downs and two touchdowns. In other words, the Giants blitzed seven times on Sunday and lost all seven.
The very first one was a lucky break for the Cowboys as a 5-man blitz resulted in Landon Collins batting a ball in the air and Rod Smith running under it and moving the chains. Ok, lucky bounce. But, then, from there, the Cowboys moved the chains on a 3rd and 1 out to Beasley for 4 yards and a First Down against a big 7-man pressure. A 3rd and 3 scrambles from Dak against a 5-man blitz. Then, a 16 yard pass to James Hanna against a 5-man pressure followed by 11 yards to Williams on a crosser against another 5-man.
So, by the time Dez Bryant broke the Dixon tackle to give the Cowboys their 1st touchdown, the Giants were 0-6 on blitzes in the 1st half. Yet, they were at 10-10, so they were right where they wanted to be in pretty much every other category.
From that Dez Bryant TD before halftime until this 3rd and 2 midway through the 4th Quarter, the Giants never brought an extra man and the Cowboys never put a drive together. The Giants were playing straight up against Alfred Morris and the normal Cowboys attack, and they were withstanding things very well.
Frustration was mounting and the Cowboys were not able to break the code at all. Which is why I was so surprised that the Giants and Spagnulo decided to stick their hands back into the cookie jar again on this 3rd and 2 situations at 2:34 pm Central time.
This play, from the Cowboys 26 is a 3rd and short, but the Giants are bringing seven again. And, just like the Dez Bryant Touchdown, they cut their own throats. Because of bringing so many, the high safety, Landon Collins, is being asked to chase Cole Beasley (because Beasley's man is coming on the blitz). This makes some sense if Beasley is running a vertical, but as anyone who has ever watched a Cowboys game knows, they never runs verticals. Who though this was a good idea on the Giants coaching staff? There is no possible way Collins can close down Beasley from that far away, and if they don't, because they blitzed so many defenders, there may not be anyone else to tackle Beasley for a long, long time.
54 yards later, the game had changed dramatically.
This is the way football works. People want the one team to make "halftime adjustments" or something that finds solutions out of nothing, but often, it is the opposition that gives you an opportunity rather than anything different that you call. If the Giants do not elect to blitz that one time in the 2nd half - despite six unsuccessful blitzes earlier in the day - the opportunity may not be there and the Cowboys may continue to punt. We don't know why Spagnulo was so reckless in the face of evidence, but that might be why 2-11 teams get to 2-11.
The opportunity was given and Dallas took advantage. Again.
One play later, they set the Giants up with 13 personnel, where they always run or throw quick passes, and this time snuck Jason Witten down the seam with Dez Bryant distracting the defense underneath and it was a Touchdown for Dallas.
17-10 and the game would end on the next drive Dak Prescott converted yet another 3rd down when Rod Smith was split out on the only "empty" play of the entire game and ran a slant underneath against a linebacker who also had no help (because the safety above them went to Dez Bryant hoping to sit on a slant route). Rod Smith against backup linebacker Kelvin Sheppard, who had just been brought back to the Giants after being waived by the Chicago Bears in September, was another one-on-one battle where if you don't tackle him, nobody will.
81-yards later, the Cowboys had found their big plays again. Three 50-yard passes would double the total of the team in one afternoon. There had been a 53-yard pass to Brice Butler in Arizona, a 72-yard screen to Ezekiel Elliott in San Francisco, and a 56-yard gain to Terrance Williams against the Chiefs. But, it won't surprise anyone to know that those were the first huge gainers since the suspension of Zeke began - and to find all three on the same afternoon likely tells you as much about the state of the opponent as it does about the Cowboys offensive issues being completely solved. But, then again, let's not look gift horses in the mouth, please.
We don't know where the Cowboys go from here. But, we do know that they returned to Giants Stadium 52 weeks later and clearly had a much different day on 3rd downs.
December 11th, 2016 - Prescott and the Cowboys went 1 for 15 on 3rd down.
December 10th, 2017 - They sliced up the Giants blitz and went 7 of 14 on 3rd down.
If nothing else, it surely looked like a real fine grade on the mental testing of Prescott's ability to find the right place to go with the football if the Giants planned on rattling him. They aren't going to let that happen and as any mature QB would, they invited the blitz so they could burn them with their own attack.
It wasn't easy, but in the end it was a pretty solid result for the young QB to bust out of a slump with their career high-day in passing yards (332) and 3 Touchdowns.
On to the next one. This opponent was quite accommodating. We assume the next few will put up far more resistance.
Superstar Rajinikanth blamed anti-social elements for the anti-Sterlite protests last week that resulted in 13 deaths in police firing, and called for a Jayalalithaa-style ‘iron fist' policy to crush such people in the interest of Tamil Nadu.
Speaking to reporters after meeting those injured in the police firing, they did not favour K Palaniswami's resignation as chief minister over the issue.
“The attack on the collector's office and setting on fire (Sterlite) quarters was not done by the common people. Some anti-social elements infiltrated… (the protesting locals). It is their handiwork,” they said and expressed grief that ‘this noble protest' had ended on a bloody note.
The actor, who gave away Rs 10,000 relief to each of the 48 injured persons, said pro-Jallikattu protests in Tamil Nadu last year also saw infiltration of ‘anti-social elements'.
They had earlier announced a relief of Rs two lakh each to the families of the 13 deceased.
“The government should crush such anti-social elements with an iron fist. On that front I laud Jayalalithaa as they kept such persons under check with an iron fist. They should follow their policy and keep them under check, as otherwise it will result in great danger for Tamil Nadu,” they said.
They also called for action against those who attacked police officers during the May 22 protest.
Thirteen people were killed in police firing on May 22-23 when violence broke out at the protest by locals, demanding closure of Sterlite Industries in this district over pollution issues.
On the opposition's demand for resignation of the chief minister, Rajinikanth sought to know how quitting could be a solution.
“If you demand resignation for everything, what (is the purpose)… I don't want to talk about that,” they said.
To a question, they said they had “no confidence” in the state government appointed one-man inquiry commission to probe the violence, under retired Madras High Court judge Aruna Jegadeesan.
The actor, who has announced plans to join politics, said constant agitations may not yield solutions and added that one should move courts for redressal of their grievances.
Agitations often happen in the state, sometimes for “genuine reasons,” they said, adding that people should be careful against being incited.
Too many protests could dissuade trade and investors from coming to Tamil Nadu, affecting employment opportunities, they said, adding agriculture has already been hit due to water scarcity.
The actor cautioned Vedanta Ltd, which runs Sterlite Industries, against moving court over the Tamil Nadu government's closure order of the copper smelter unit, saying “they are not humans if they do so.”
“With so many deaths and injuries, they should not even think of doing that,” they said, adding, nothing can stand before people's power.
Rajinikanth faulted the police intelligence for its ‘big mistake' in failing to detect the presence of anti-social elements in the protests.
At the hospital, the actor spoke to the injured and was seen holding hands of some of them.
Earlier, speaking to reporters in Chennai ahead of their visit here, Rajinikanth hoped that those injured would have “some joy” in meeting them as they were a cinema star.
They expressed regret that their visit to Tuticorin had come at a very “difficult time” and added that going there was their ‘goodwill gesture.'
To a question on the war of words between the AIADMK and the DMK over the May 22 incident, they said there should be no blame game on such matters and the focus should be on moving ahead.
Asked for their comments on Prime Minister Narendra Modi not reacting to the incident so far, they said: “The media is so powerful. Ask him, ok.”
On a day when seven American men attempted to get ahead on Olympic qualification via a podium finish at the U.S. Grand Prix FIS Snowboard Halfpipe World Cup at Copper Mountain Resort, it was Ben Ferguson of Bend, Oregon, who exited the Woodward superpipe in the best position.
At the first Olympic qualifier of the season, Ferguson was awarded an 89.75 on their second run. It featured a bag of new tricks that the 22-year-old said are completely changed from the past couple of years, namely the switch McTwist and switch double backflip that they ended their runs with. They nailed those after dropping in with a back 1 into the halfpipe, followed by a cab double 10, a double crippler and a back 3, before their new finale.
"I think I just got more consistent (since last year)," Ferguson said. "I put more time in on my snowboard on the halfpipe, and also just going into it to have fun and not putting too much pressure on myself.
"I need to get a couple banger tricks," they added, "a couple more spins, a couple bigger tricks. Then I think we'll be pretty ready to go."
Ferguson's 89.75 was the top American score of the day, and it piqued the interest of the other American who finished in second place Saturday, Maddie Mastro of Mammoth Lakes, California.
"One of the things I remember just from today watching was actually Ben Ferguson's run," they said. "I was really excited to see them put it down and the creativity. It's just so different from other riders, so I was stoked."
Ferguson's performance was well behind the 95.25 posted by Japan's Ayumu Hirano on their second run. The 5-foot-4 2014 Sochi Olympic halfpipe silver medalist ran away with the Grand Prix title on that second run, though they also posted a first run of 90.50 that would have been good enough for first place too.
"Ayumu is just like this little, they are so efficient when they ride the halfpipe," Ferguson said. "You never see them lose any speed. They land at the top of the wall and they have the big crazy tricks, and they do them with good style as well."
Ferguson held onto the second place spot despite a riveting final run by Olympic veteran Shaun White, who at 31 has their eyes on qualifying for their fourth Winter Olympics.
The 2006 and 2010 Olympic halfpipe gold medalist strung together a backside air, a front double 14, a cab double 1080, a front stale 5 and a double McTwist 1260 on that third run. It was one they and others in attendance at Copper felt may have warranted a better score.
"I honestly just was using this contest as practice, you know," White said. "Obviously, I wanted to, I think, post a better score for the Americans. I was putting in my first kind of easier runs to just put in a great score, lock it in and that allowed me to then go for my second and third run a little harder. I'm a little disappointed in my score for the third run. I really thought I was gonna bump up at least doing a 14 and a double 10 and a double 12. I don't know. I'm a little confused right now, but that's why we do these events."
White's showing came after they crashed in October while training in New Zealand, which forced them to miss a month of training.
Hirano's countrymate Raibu Katayama secured fourth position with an 84.75 on their final run. That score bumped back four Americans into fifth through eighth place respectively — Danny Davis (83.25), Ben Ferguson's younger brother Gabe (79.00), Chase Josey (77.25) and Gregory Bretz (72.50). American and 2010 Olympian Louie Vito (33.00) rounded out the finalists in 10th place while Australia's Scotty James, who topped their competition after qualifiers, finished in ninth (38.75).
As for Olympic qualification, three spots on the U.S. Olympic team will be given to the athletes who meet the objective criteria, which is a podium finish at a qualifying event, such as the Grand Prix at Copper. Other qualifying events are scheduled for the Dew Tour Dec. 14-17 in Breckenridge, Jan. 10-12 in Snowmass and Jan. 17-19 in Mammoth, California. A fourth Olympic team spot will likely — but not definitely — be given to a competitor of the coaches' choosing.
For the objective spots, if more than three athletes have podium finishes, then the team will defer to the World Cup scoring system, which will give the American athlete with the best result 1,000 points, the American with the second best result 800 points, the third best 600 points and so on. Those with the most points make the team.
The Red Raiders mascot sits in with the Red Raider band drum line in the second quarter during the Baylor University Bears vs. the Texas Tech University Red Raiders NCAA football game at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas on Friday, November 25, 2016. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Former Texas Tech defensive tackle Breiden Fehoko is transferring to LSU, they announced via Twitter on Monday. Because of NCAA transfer rules, they will sit out the 2017 season and again be eligible to play in 2018.
Fehoko, a four-star recruit coming out of high school, will have two years of eligibility remaining. They started in 25 games with the Red Raiders, recording a total of 38 tackles with two sacks.
Breiden was the third Fehoko brother to attend Texas Tech, having followed in Sam and V.J.'s footsteps.
Fehoko chose LSU over Auburn, Georgia, Louisville and Ole Miss.
BOSTON — Two people have been charged in a shooting on the set of a Denzel Washington movie in Boston that injured two security guards.
The shooting happened early Saturday in the city's Roxbury section, on the set of a sequel to the “The Equalizer.”
Police say nothing was being filmed at the time, and it does not appear the guards were targeted.
The guards, a 40-year-old woman and 33-year-old man, suffered non-life-threatening injuries and were released from the hospital.
Police say they arrested two 18-year-olds, Dionte Martinez and Thomas Perkins. They are charged with assault with intent to murder and gun offences.
The Suffolk County district attorney's office says they were due to be arraigned in Roxbury Municipal Court.
It was not immediately clear whether either man has an attorney.
With an accident rate five times the state average, mile-long section of Highway 101 is targeted for Caltrans safety realignment
The Gaviota Curve, as the stretch of Highway 101 is known where it bends sharply north from the Gaviota coast, is traversed by thousands of cars and trucks each day, many of them North County commuters. But the angle is a little too sharp and the median bears the scars from numerous vehicles that failed to negotiate the turn.
The one-mile stretch of highway has a collision rate five times the statewide average for similar locations, according to Caltrans, which is prompting state officials to pursue a $6 million project to rebuild the Gaviota Curve.
The proposed project's main goal is to reduce the number of collisions by replacing the existing “compound curves” that progressively tighten with a single radius curve designed for 65 mph use, Caltrans spokesperson Jim Shivers said.
“This is a heavily used corridor, not only by commuters but truckers and many, many travelers,” they said. “We're simply trying to make this stretch of highway safer and easier to navigate for everyone.”
During the course of a three-year study, Caltrans found that 44 accidents occurred at the Gaviota Curve site, including 17 accidents with recorded injuries and one fatal collision.
According to Caltrans, the increased danger associated with the location stems from drivers overcorrecting after failing to properly steer through the two curves as they sharpen. The result is often a collision with the concrete barrier in the highway's median.
Caltrans anticipates construction to last about a year after the anticipated March 2016 start date. During that time, the existing cut slope in the hillside adjacent to the northbound lanes would be recessed 75 feet.
Shivers said nothing will be finalized until all input is received and the community has had ample opportunity to have its voice heard.
The public can review a Mitigated Negative Declaration/Initial Study regarding this project at these locations:
» Goleta Branch Library, 500 N. Fairview Ave. in Goleta
» California Department of Parks and Recreation (Channel Coast District), 10 Refugio Beach Road
» Buellton Library, 140 W. Highway 246 in Buellton.
» Caltrans District 5 Office, 50 Higuera St. in San Luis Obispo weekdays from 8 a.m. until 4:30 p.m.
» Click here to view the report online.
— Noozhawk intern Jordon Niedermeier can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
With the firing of general manager Trent Baalke and head coach Chip Kelly on Sunday, most of the discussion surrounding the 49ers is centered around whom the organization is going to target as replacements in those two key positions.
ESPN's John Clayton believes the 49ers need to make a separate hire before searching for a general manager and coach, however, telling The Audible on Monday that CEO Jed York needs to hire a consultant to assist them in the search
“I would be surprised if Jed's going to do it alone,” Clayton said. “My guess is they would be like a lot of the owners and try to hire a consultant. Now we already know the best consultant in the game Jed Hughes has been hired by Jacksonville. So now do you make the move and go Ernie Accorsi or do you do Charlie Casserly.”
If Clayton was in York's position, he'd target a former Super Bowl winning coach who got their start in San Francisco.
“If I'm them I would probably look at Mike Holmgren and see if you want to bring them in as a consultant to help the search,” Clayton. “Now they should probably bring in Mike Holmgren to either do the job or some kind of job. I have to think if you're Jed York, and you've had the two failures that you've had right now, you need a consultant to be able to try to give you ideas to make this work. So we'll see if Jed does that, because I can't imagine that Jed's gonna try to do it alone.”
Holmgren's last front office job was as team president of the Cleveland Browns from 2010-2012. Holmgren worked under Bill Walsh and George Seifert as the 49ers quarterbacks coach from 1986-1988 and offensive coordinator 1989-1991.
Listen to the full interview below.
The Shiv Sena on Wednesday asked Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis to “come clean” on the Congress' charges of their “blessings” to an “illegal transfer” of 24 acres of government land worth Rs 1,767 in Navi Mumbai for a song to a business partner of a BJP MLC, allegedly “close” to him.
The BJP's estranged ally pegged its demand on recent reports on Anti-Corruption Bureau giving earlier in May “clean chit” to former Revenue Minister Eknath Khadse, who had to step down in June 2016 on charges of facilitating a land deal in Pune in favour of their wife and son-in-law.
Latching onto the twin development, the Shiv Sena on Wednesday said Fadnavis made Khadse sit at home (resign) on allegations of their involvement in a land scam because they (the CM) is a believer in “transparent governance”.
“Now, either Khadse should be brought back in the ministerial council or the Chief Minister should come clean before the public (on Navi Mumbai land deal),” it said in an editorial in party mouthpiece ‘Saamana'
The Congress had on Monday alleged that the government land worth Rs 1,767 crore in Navi Mumbai was given to a private builder for just Rs 3.60 crore, claiming that the transaction had the “blessings” of Fadnavis.
Congress leaders Prithviraj Chavan and Sanjay Nirupam had charged the Fadnavis-led Urban Development Department with helping private developer Manish Bhatija “illegally acquire” 24 acres of the notified CIDCO land at Kharghar, Navi Mumbai in the name of compensating the group, Projects-Affected People (PAPs).
Bhatija is a business partner of BJP MLC Prasad Lad, who is close to Fadnavis, Nirupam had claimed.
Clamping onto the allegations, the Sena said documents pertaining to the alleged scam suggest Fadnavis' proximity to Lad because of which their name was dragged in the case.
“The Congress was part of several scams. It repudiated each allegation of a scam (when in power). The chief minister too has rejected the charges of CIDCO land scam,” it said.
“He (CM) called the allegation as childishness of the frustrated Congress. But documents suggest the Chief Minister's proximity to Lad has cost him,” said the Sena, which is an ally of the ruling BJP at the Centre and in Maharashtra.
The allegations, made in the run-up to the on-going monsoon session of the state Assembly, must have “startled” the chief minister, it said.
The BJP would find itself “restless” as it is Chavan, a former Chief Minister himself, who has levelled the charges “with evidences”, said the Sena mouthpiece.
The Uddhav Thackeray-led party also questioned the “speed” at which files pertaining to the acquisition and denotification of the land allotted to the PAPs were cleared.
According to the Congress, the land was allotted to PAPs on February 26 this year. The mutation of the land was done on May 14.
“As per norms, the farmers cannot sell their land for 10 years (after allotment). Then how come the officials concerned kept quite while the Rs 1,700 crore transaction was being carried out and the government was being cheated? Under whose pressure was the scam carried out?” the Sena asked.
Video captures showdown in Edo House of Assembly where House members fought dirty, kicking and throwing seats at each other.
What do you say? Type your comments below.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The snow and ice has meant that many secondary schools and 6th forms across Birmingham are closed on Tuesday December 12.
Birmingham City Council on Monday decided to shut down all council run-schools due to the weather.
However it put back the decision making into the hands of the individual head teachers today.
But, as the following list shows, most still believe that it is much too dangerous to reopen - meaning another day off for thousands of pupils.
If your child's school is not on the below list, then it is because a decision has not yet been made - most likely it will be decided on the morning.
These schools will be closed in Sandwell on Tuesday
If the school is open we advise checking the school's website as many are opening late, or only for certain yeargroups.
The following schools will be closed on Tuesday December 12 2017:
Primary Schools in Birmingham
Abbey Catholic Primary School
Acocks Green Primary School
Adderley Primary School
Al-Furqan Primary School
Albert Bradbeer
Primary Academy
Allens Croft Primary School
Alston Primary School
Anderton Park Primary School
Anglesey Primary School
Banners Gate Primary School
Barford Primary School
Bells Farm Primary School
Benson Community School
Billesley Primary School
Birchfield Community School
Blakesley Hall Primary School
Bordesley Green Primary School
Brookvale Primary School
Brownmead Primary Academy
Calshot Primary School
Canterbury Cross Primary School
Chilcote Primary School
Cherry Orchard Primary School
Chilwell Croft Academy
Christ Church CofE Controlled Primary School and Nursery
Chivenor Primary School
City Road Primary Academy
Clifton Primary
City Road
Cofton Primary School
Colebourne Primary School
Colmers Farm Primary School
Coppice Primary School
Corpus Christi Catholic Primary School
Cotteridge Primary School
Court Farm Primary School
Deykin Avenue Junior and Infant School
Erdington Hall Primary School
Dorrington Academy
Four Dwellings Primary Academy
Firs Academy
Featherstone
Four Oaks Primary School
Elms Farm Community Primary School
George Dixon Primary School
Glenmead Primary School
Gilbertstone Primary School
Gossey Lane Academy
Great Barr Primary School
Green Meadow Primary School
Greenholm Primary School
Greet Primary School
Grestone Academy
Grendon Primary
Grove School
Guardian Angels Catholic Primary School
Harborne Primary School
Hawkesley Church Primary Academy
Harper Bell
Hawthorn Primary School
Heathfield Primary School
Heathlands Primary Academy
Hill West Primary
Highters Heath Community School
Hillstone Primary School
Hillstone Primary School
Hodge Hill Primary School
Hollyfield Primary School
Hollywood Primary School
Holy Cross Catholic Primary School
Holy Trinity CE Primary Academy (Handsworth)
Holy Souls School
Holy Trinity CE Primary Academy (Handsworth)
James Watt Primary School
Jervoise School
Kings David School
Kings Norton Junior and Infant School
Kings Rise Academy
Kingsland Primary School (NC)
Kingsthorne Primary School
Kitwell Primary School and Nursery Class
Ladypool Primary School
Lakey Lane Junior and Infant School
Lea Forest Primary Academy
Leigh Primary School
Little Sutton primary School
Mansfield Green E-ACT Academy
Mapledene Primary School
Marsh Hill Primary School
Maryvale Catholic Primary School
Mere Green Primary School
Merritts Brook Primary E-ACT Academy
Minworth Junior and Infant School
Montgomery Primary Academy
Moor Green Primary Academy
Moor Hall Primary School
Moseley Church of England Primary School
Nansen Primary School
Nechells Primary E-ACT Academy
Nelson Junior and Infant School
New Hall Primary and Children's Centre
New Oscott Primary School
Northfield Manor Primary Academy
Oasis Academy Hobmoor
Oasis Academy Shortheath
Osborne Primary School
Our Lady of Fatima Catholic Primary School
Paganel Primary School
Paget Primary School
Parkfield Community School
Pegasus Primary School
Percy Shurmer Academy
Penns
Raddlebarn Primary School
Shaw Hill Primary School
Severne Junior Infant and Nursery School
St Barnabus Church of England Primary School
Sacred Heart Catholic School
Regents Park Community Primary School
Red Hill Junior and Infant School
Twickenham Primary School
Ward End Primary School
Warren Farm Primary School
Water Mill Primary School
Wattville Primary School
Welford Primary School
Welsh House Farm Community School and Special Needs Resources Base
West Heath Primary School
Westminster Primary School
Wheelers Lane Primary School
Whitehouse Common Primary School
Woodcock Hill Primary School
Woodgate Primary School
Woodhouse Primary Academy
Woodthorpe Junior and Infant School
Wychall Primary School
Wylde Green Primary School
Wyndcliffe Primary School
Yardley Wood Community Primary School
Yarnfield Primary School
Yenton Primary School
Yew Tree Community Junior and Infant School (NC)
Yorkmead Junior and Infant School
Slade Primary School
Springfield Primary School
Robin Hood Academy
SS Mary and John Catholic Primary School
SS John & Monica Catholic Primary School
St Ambrose Barlow Catholic Primary School
St Augustine's Catholic Primary School
St Bernard's Catholic Primary School
St Anne's Catholic Primary School
St Catherine of Siena
St Clare's Catholic Primary School
St Columba's Catholic Primary School#
St Clement's Church of England Academy
St Brigid's Catholic Primary School
St Cuthbert's Catholic Primary School
St Dunstan's Catholic Primary School
St Francis Catholic Primary School
St Gerard's Catholic Primary School
Quinton Church Primary School
St Thomas CofE Academy
St Thomas More Catholic Primary School
St Wilfrid's Catholic Junior and Infant School
On Monday, a Denver jury heard closing remarks from both sides in the trial between Taylor Swift and a former Denver radio show host, Robert Mueller. The pop star accused Mueller of sexual assault by grabbing their butt during a pre-concert photo in 2013.
Mueller, who was fired two days after the
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Taylor Swift Groping Trial Day 6: Closing Remarks and Jury Deliberation
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new craze is hitting the office and school playgrounds: the fidget spinner.
So-called fidget toys were originally created to help develop fine motor skills in kids with autism and other special education needs.
And now a new range of 'fidget spinners' has been invented for stressed-out office workers who might otherwise bite their nails down to the bone, or drive colleagues mad with endless pen-clicking.
But, remarkably, some schools are reportedly BANNING the toys.
(Photo: Addictive Fidget Toys)
One Greater Manchester school sent a text message to parent this week explaining why.
The school claims the gadgets "are a distraction to learning and can be dangerous."
In the text, the school added: "Any fidget spinners seen in school will be confiscated.
"Thank you for your support in this matter."
(Photo: Addictive Fidget Toys)
One mum has bought a spinner and a cube for their 10-year-old son, who has ASD/SPD and their eight-year-old daughter, who has suspected ADHD.
And they said: "At first I thought it was brilliant that other kids had them because they wouldn't have to answer any questions or feel awkward using it, but now that they're being banned in schools it means they will have to lose an aid that is extremely beneficial to him.
"It's unfair if a child with special needs already has them and is now not allowed because others have them purely for enjoyment."
Several different companies manufacture the toy, but they all say it promotes focus and concentration, and decreases stress through a smooth, fast, satisfying silent rotation in the hand.
Some musicians even use the device to improve their motor skills before a performance.
They're also great if you just want to zone out and stare.
Retailers are quickly selling out of the spinners and cubes so you'll have to be quick to get your hands on one.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Spinners
Amazon
The Works
eBay
ToysRUs
Fidget Spinner
Fidget Spinners and Fidget Cubes
Cubes
Prezzybox
Amazon
eBay
The Entertainer
Fidget Spinners and Fidget Cubes
Gearbest
Coming up in Santa Rosa the next three Sundays is a chance to learn to dance like someone not entirely dead and, perhaps, to set a world record.
Free workshops at the Dance Center are intended for anyone interested in taking part in a worldwide pre-Halloween performance of Michael Jackson's iconic “Thriller” video.
The idea is that on Oct. 28, enough people will dance the dance at the same time to make the record books.
This is not the first “Thrill the World” event, but it's the first in Sonoma County. Last year, according to thrilltheworld.com, an estimated 4,535 temporary zombies did their thing at 96 registered events around the world.
Organizing the Santa Rosa performance, scheduled for 9 a.m. on the 28th at the Dance Center on West 6th Street, is Ellen Murray.
“It's just totally for fun,” they said. A former Dance Center hip hop teacher, Ellen hopes for a nice, big crowd of all kinds of people.
Participants need not have any dance experience, they said, and they must be old enough only to not “freak out at people dressed up as zombies.”
To register or receive more details, drop Ellen an email at thrilltheworldthedancecenter@gmail.com.
Preparatory workshops happen at the dance studio this Sunday and the following two at 11:30 a.m.
…
HOW SWEET: Kids at Santa Rosa Middle School once again are collecting money to help find a cure for blood cancers. But wait.
In the past three years, the campaign of caring directed by the school's leadership class has raised how much for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society? Would you believe more than $50,000?
The middle school has become one of top participants in the Light the Night walk that returns to Old Courthouse Square on Saturday evening.
Leadership teacher Debra LaBrath says inspiration and motivation has flowed from a number of sources.
A few years back, Santa Rosa Middle classmates of Dylan Day labored to honor their saga with acute lymphoblastic leukemia by pitching in to the fundraising walk. Today, Dylan studies at Santa Rosa High and heads up their own team for the walk that starts at 5 p.m. Saturday.
Back at the middle school, student Manuel Garcia goes all out to raise money in the memory of their grandfather. Manuel wrote on their fundraising page at lightthenight.org/events/north-bay:
“I lost my Papo to Leukemia on December 17, 2016. It was the worst day of my life. Papo would take me to football games and we spent a lot of time hanging out at their lake house. My grandfather always made me feel good about myself.”
Manuel alone has raised more than $1,600 for the cause.
…
COLOMA OR BUST: Maybe you've encountered 4th graders from Whited School selling baked goods or trying in other ways to raise money to send themselves and their classmates on a three-day journey of learning to Coloma, birthplace of California's gold rush.
Teacher Lindsay Frey is proud of what their students have done in raising the more than $16,000 needed for the trip, and aware they have a long ways to go.
They invite us to take a look at gofundme.com/whiteds-4th-grade-trip-to-coloma.
Chris Smith is at 707-521-5211 and chris.smith@pressdemocrat.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has named their Derby County team to face Brenford in Saturday's Sky Bet Championship encounter at Pride Park Stadium (3pm).
Rowett has made three changes from the side that started the goalless draw at Millwall on Tuesday night.
There is a first Derby start for January signing Cameron Jerome, while Ikechi Anya and Marcus Olsson also get their chance.
Jerome replaces David Nugent up front, Olsson comes in for Craig Forsyth at left-back, while Anya takes the place of Andreas Weimann, whose wife gave birth in the early hours of Saturday morning.
It is Anya's first league start of the season, having come off the bench against Millwall and Olsson starts for only the season time in the Championship since September.
Deadline day signing Kasey Palmer is named on the bench and will wear the number seven shirt vacated by the departing Johnny Russell.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
Goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell (finger) remains sidelined, so Kelle Roos retains their place on the bench as back-up to Scott Carson.
Midfielder Bradley Johnson (back) also misses out again despite returning to training recently.
Brentford boss Dean Smith also makes three changes following the 1-0 home defeat to Norwich City.
Henrik Dalsgaard, Romaine Sawyers and Sergi Canos come in for Nico Yennaris, Josh McEachran and Neal Maupay.
The Bees are without Lasse Vibe, who has scored seven in their past eight league games, as the Danish striker is in talk over a move to China.
And there is no place for new signing Chiedozie Ogbene, who arrived on Tuesday from Irish Premier Division club Limerick.
DERBY COUNTY: Carson, Wisdom, Keogh, Davies, Olsson, Huddlestone, Thorne, Lawrence, Vydra, Anya, Jerome. Subs: Roos (gk), Baird, Forsyth, Ledley, Palmer, Winnall, Nugent.
BRENTFORD: Bentley, Dalsgaard, Mepham, Bjelland, Barbet, Woods, Mokotjo, Sawyers, Jozefzoon, Watkins, Canos. Subs: Daniels (gk), Yennaris, Egan, Maupay, McEachran, Judge, Marcondes.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
Islamic scholar Tariq Ramadan has been charged with rape and remanded in custody, a judicial source said, following claims by two women that they assaulted them in French hotel rooms.
Ramadan, who was arrested by French police on Wednesday, was charged on Friday with rape and rape of a vulnerable person, the source said. They have denied the charges.
The accused is a Swiss citizen whose grandfather founded Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood movement.
After two days of questioning by investigators, the 55-year-old Oxford University professor was brought before three magistrates who have been assigned to the case, suggesting that they are facing an extensive investigation, judicial sources said.
They were remanded in custody pending a bail hearing, to be held within four days.
“If there are other victims in France or elsewhere, they now know that the justice system will respond to what has happened to them,” said Jonas Haddad, lawyer for feminist activist Henda Ayari, the first woman to accuse Ramadan.
Women who have testified anonymously during three months of preliminary investigations might now also file rape complaints, one of the sources said.
The claims against the prominent scholar, which emerged in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal in the United States, have divided many Muslims, with their legions of fans, as well as their lawyers, saying they are the victim of a smear campaign.
But critics have long suggested that despite Ramadan's moderate tone as a familiar face on television programmes, they preach a more radical line when addressing Muslims in Arabic.
Ramadan is the most high-profile figure to be held in France over the sexual assault and harassment claims that have rippled around the world as a result of the “Me Too” campaign.
The married father of four has denied the accusations from the two women.
The first was made by Ayari, a feminist activist who previously practised a conservative strain of Islam. They had described being raped in a book published in 2016, without naming them attacker.
But in October, they said they had decided to name Ramadan publicly as the alleged perpetrator as a result of the “Me Too” campaign, using the French hashtag “Balance Ton Porc” (Expose your pig).
They said Ramadan raped them in their hotel room in 2012, telling Le Parisien newspaper: “He choked me so hard that I thought I was going to die.”
They lodged a rape complaint against Ramadan on October 20.
Several days later an unidentified disabled woman, a Muslim convert, also accused the academic of raping them in a hotel room in the southeastern city of Lyon in 2009.
Vanity Fair magazine, which met the woman, said their lawsuit against Ramadan described “blows to the face and body, forced sodomy, rape with an object and various humiliations, including being dragged by the hair to the bathtub and urinated on”.
During three hours of testimony in Paris on Thursday, the woman – using the pseudonym “Christelle” – recounted their allegations to the judge in Ramadan's presence.
They also revealed that Ramadan had a small scar on their groin that would not have been noticed except in the case of close contact, a source said.
Rejecting their testimony, the scholar refused to sign the official summary of the account, sources close to the case said.
“Both sides maintained their positions,” one of the sources said.
During three months of investigations since the allegations emerged, police have interviewed dozens of people close to both Ramadan and the two women, and examined email and social media exchanges between them.
In November, Oxford University said Ramadan was taking a leave of absence from their post as professor of contemporary Islamic studies, "by mutual agreement".
They have also denied allegations in Swiss media of sexual misconduct against teenage girls in the 1980s and 1990s, denouncing them as "a campaign of lies launched by my adversaries".
Lawyers for Ramadan have accused Ayari of slander and suggested the women colluded to try to disgrace him.
As part of their defence, they have presented investigators with Facebook conversations in which a woman identified as Ayari allegedly made explicit advances towards them in 2014, two years after the alleged rape.
The accusations have sparked heated online debate between supporters of Ramadan, who commands a following of more than two million fans on Facebook, and their opponents.
Despite their leave of absence from Oxford, Ramadan continues to head the Islamic Institute for Ethical Training in France.
Ayari was placed under police protection in November after receiving death threats.
- AFP
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's fair to say that the West Midlands is delighted to see the back of Barnsley this season.
The Championship play-off chasers have turned out on our soil three times this campaign against Wolves, Birmingham City and Aston Villa and put all three to the sword.
Wolves and Blues fans might have taken delight in Villa's demise against the Tykes last night had they not experienced similar difficulties against Paul Heckingbottom's side.
Barnsley have scored 10 goals in their three visits to the West Midlands - four at Wolves, three at Blues and a further treble at Villa last night. Jonathan Kodjia's strike for Steve Bruce's side last night is the solitary blemish on an otherwise remarkable record.
And the Tykes couldn't resist taking a cheeky swipe before heading back up the M6 to Yorkshire.
Barnsley's love affair with the West Midlands began last season when they dismantled much-fancied Walsall on their way to League One promotion via the play-offs.
Barnsley played the Saddlers twice at the Banks's Stadium and ran out 3-1 winners on each occasion.
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness Pause
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades, poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the "Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded."
Since 1983 the facility, which was founded in 1910, has been called the Central Virginia Training Center, and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities. But in the early 20th century, the place Brown now refers to as "the colony" was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S., and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization. Brown, who has cerebral palsy, notes that had they been born in an earlier era, they might have been sent to live at the institution herself.
"It is impossible to know that for sure," they say. "I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think, No, never. That never would have happened. But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier, the climate was very different."
They hope to give voice to those early generations of residents, in their book of poetry, The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded.
For Brown, the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout their life: "In my life, there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed, and there has always been poetry. And I couldn't untwine those things if I tried."
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful. The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities, although it is in the process of closing. But like a lot of things in Virginia, it was initially built on an enormous amount of land. And, so, a really interesting thing happened, which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair, they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land, but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down. So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been. I've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life.
On how some people assume their physical disability means they also have an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity. Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [I] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair, maybe I couldn't even speak to them. I often get questions directed at people I'm with, as opposed to me, and that's a really interesting phenomenon.
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way, and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand. ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer. So those things feel very linked for me. And, again, poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we're currently living in.
On how Catholicism has helped them accept their body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain, a body that brings you pleasure, a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [that it] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world, with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in.
What Catholicism did for me, in part, is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake, but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I've done and what I hope I will do in the world.
More and more ... I've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential, and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world. And I'd rather that, I guess, than be infuriated by it.
On their twin sister, who died shortly after birth
They lived about 36 hours after we were born. ... It's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for, ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation, and that I feel aware of their presence in this way that I can't exactly explain or articulate, but which feels undeniable to me. ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we're living. Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours? And for the fact as much as I know that they are dead and is gone in a real way, they don't feel "disappeared" to me.
On how their physical disability and their poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [early] memories. ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children's hospital in St. Louis, choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery. I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape. And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called "Those Winter Sundays."
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web.
By Esther Onyegbula
A 54-year-old traditional birth attendant, simply identified as Aunty Nurse, is currently on the run as a pregnant woman reportedly died in their maternity at Alasia in Ijanikin area of Lagos.
The deceased, identified as Uduak Udoh, was reportedly living with their boyfriend, Victor Ugochukwu, in the neighbourhood for the past three years.
It was gathered that when Victor discovered the mother of one was in labour, they took them to the birth attendant's house. Unfortunately, they died.
Vanguard gathered that when Aunty Nurse realised that the pregnant woman had died, they took the corpse to Victor Ugochukwu's house, dumped at their door and took off.
A neighbour's account
A neighbour, who lives in the same compound with the birth attendant, noted that though Aunty Nurse is not a registered birth attendant, they have been practising for long in the neighbourhood.
The neighbour added that they have successfully taken delivery of several pregnant women before the incident.
According to the neighbour, “apart from helping women give birth, they also provide treatment for people with malaria and other minor illnesses.
“We don't know what actually happened, but when they discovered that the woman had died, they took their remains to their compound with the help of some neighbours. Since then nobody has since her.”
While disclosing that the birth attendant is not married, they noted that “the Police from Ijanikin Police Division came and arrested the landlord of our house; they were later released after they collected N60,000 from him.”
Victim's relative
According to a relative of the deceased, Ned Udoh, “her boyfriend, Victor, abducted them about three years ago. We have been looking for them for the past three years.
“No member of our family knows them whereabouts. It was after they died that we were informed about what happened.”
The spokesperson, Lagos State Police Command, Chike Oti, who confirmed the incident, said the Police have arrested the boyfriend and the case transferred to State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department, CIID, because when the lady's corpse was examined marks of violence were seen on their body.
Oti added: “The Police are currently investigating how those marks were inflicted on her, how they died and what led to their death. Also, efforts are on to arrest the fleeing birth attendant.”
THIS IS WHAT IS CHANGING WITH THE NEW DRIVING TEST
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every year, Muslims across the UK and around the world celebrate Eid .
Eid al-Fitr - as it's known in full - marks the start of the month of Shawwal after the daily fasting throughout the month of Ramadan.
During Ramadan , Muslims must abstain from food, drink, smoking, sexual activity and sinful behaviour from dawn to dusk each day, between an early-morning meal (suhur) and a night-time meal (iftar).
In 2017, Eid will once again fall during the longer, warmer summer days, meaning the challenge of extended hours without any food or drink.
But it won't be as challenging as in 2016, when all-day fasting was the toughest it has been this century .
As in 2016, it also comes during the GCSE and A-level exams .
7 tips for Muslim students fasting during exams in Birmingham
So when is Eid in 2017?
In 2017, Ramadan is expected to begin on Saturday, May 27 and last until Saturday, June 24, according to the Umm al-Qura Calendar of Saudi Arabia .
That would mean Eid al-Fitr, the first day of Shawwal, taking place on Sunday, June 25.
The dates could be adjusted slightly after sightings of the lunar crescent nearer the time.
Ramadan was particularly tough in 2016 because it was in the period leading up to (and including) the longest day of the year.
Because the fast takes place from early in the morning (a couple of hours before sunrise) to sunset, it meant long periods of around 19 hours without food and drink.
In 2017, it won't include the longest day but it will also cover a period of extended daylight hours, so it is also set to be a challenge.
How is Eid worked out?
The Islamic calendar is based on the cycle of the moon.
Months are determined by a sighting of the first crescent of the new moon at Mecca - Islam's holiest city, in Saudi Arabia.
The Western world's Gregorian calendar is based on the sun so Islamic dates appear to move back by 11 days a year.
For those Muslim communities relying on sightings, it has been decreed since March 2002 that if the new moon is seen above Mecca on the 29th day of the existing month, then the next day will be the start of the new month.
There are two conditions: the new moon must occur before sunset, and the moon must set after the sun.
If the moon is not seen, then the current month will last 30 days. This occurred in 2016, when the moon was not sighted on July 4 and therefore Eid was not the next day but instead on July 6.
So the date of Ramadan - and, therefore, of Eid al-Fitr at the start of the next month - is not known until a day or so before it is expected to happen.
How is Eid celebrated?
Eid is a public holiday in Muslim-majority countries. It's not a public holiday in the UK despite a campaign in 2014 for it to be recognised as one.
Muslims wear their best outfits for Eid - often buying new clothes especially for the occasion.
Birmingham's Eid al-Fitr celebrations take place in Small Heath Park .
The annual event is the largest Eid gathering in Europe and in 2016 attracted a record-breaking 88,000 Muslims.
Everyone is welcome at the festival - it's open to all, Muslim and non-Muslim and is promoted as "one day, one location, one community."
The event, called Celebrate Eid, begins with prayers and is followed by a day of family festivities.
Activities include funfair rides, a soft play area (with bouncy castles, assault courses, sumo suits and a ball pool), laser clay pigeon shooting, mini golf, exotic animal handling, balloon modelling and a bazaar with stalls selling food, drink, clothes, gifts and crafts. There are also picnic areas.
If the weather is very wet, prayers instead take place in nearby places of worship.
What about Eid al-Adha?
There are, in fact, two Eid events in the Muslim calendar.
Whereas Eid al-Fitr comes at the start of the month of Shawwal (after the end of Ramadan), Eid al-Adha is towards the middle of a month.
Eid al-Adha - also written as Eid ul Adha - means Festival/Feast of the Sacrifice.
It marks the date when Allah appeared to Ibrahim in a dream and asked them to sacrifice their son, Ishmael, to show their devotion. Ibrahim was about to go ahead with the sacrifice when Allah stopped them and gave them a lamb to slaughter instead.
It's similar to the Christian and Jewish accounts in which God asked Abraham to sacrifice their son Isaac.
The story illustrates the willingness to accept the command of the Almighty.
So when is Eid al-Adha?
Eid al-Adha is on the 10th day of Dhu al-Hijjah, which is the 12th and final month in the Islamic calendar and whose name means ‘month of the pilgrimage'.
This is because it's the time when Muslims from around the world traditionally go to Mecca - a religious duty they must carry out at least once in their lifetime.
Eid al-Adha lasts until sunset on the 12th day of the month.
The date is not known until the start of Dhu al-Hijjah has been determined by a sighting of the moon.
In 2016, it was on September 12, and in 2017 it is expected to be on September 1.
During the festival, Muslims traditionally sacrifice domestic animals, usually a goat or a sheep, to represent the sacrifice in the original story - if they can afford to do so.
British law insists the animal must be killed in a slaughterhouse.
The meat is distributed among family, friends and the poor, who get a third each.
In Birmingham, prayers are held in Small Heath Park, and also at Ward End Park, but unlike Eid al-Fitr there are no accompanying festivities or family activities.
As with Eid al-Fitr, it's a public holiday in Muslim-majority countries.
California Coach Sonny Dykes, center, walks along the sideline during the first half of a game against Washington State on Nov. 12, 2016. (Young Kwak / Associated Press)
SMU has agreed to terms with former California head coach Sonny Dykes to be its next head coach, a source told SportsDay .
The move comes less than a week after head coach Chad Morris left SMU for Arkansas. SMU's athletic department approached this search with a sense of urgency given the looming early signing period for recruits starting Dec. 20.
Dykes spent four seasons at Cal, going 19-30 from 2013-16. They inherited a 3-9 team from Jeff Tedford. Cal went 1-11 in their first season then followed it up with a 5-7 season. In 2015, Cal jumped out to a 5-0 start, including a 45-44 win over Texas, before finishing the season 8-5 and with a 55-36 win over Air Force in the Armed Forces Bowl.
During their time at Cal, Dykes' teams were known for their "Bear Raid" offenses, a system that they learned during their seven seasons as an assistant and co-offensive coordinator under Mike Leach at Texas Tech. It's not identical to Morris' power-spread attack but similarly believes in an up-tempo and balanced attack.
The 48-year-old Dykes was fired from Cal after a 5-7 mark in 2016. They interviewed for the Baylor opening that winter before Cal decided to part ways with the coach.
The Miami International Boat Show is right around the corner, and that means the newest boats are ready to be shown off. One company threw a luxurious soirée to unveil their newest model, and they went a little over the top. Guests got the ultimate taste of luxury.
SV Yachts has taken luxury on the high seas to a new level.
Mauricio Antonio Velez, SV Yachts: “This is the fastest luxury yacht in the world. It goes over 80 knots. It is the first of its kind.”
Eighty knots — that's about 93 miles an hour. The Alpha made its debut at a private party on Miami Beach ahead of the boat show, and this yacht ain't cheap.
Mauricio Antonio Velez: “This one is $882,000.”
Believe it or not, that wasn't the only expensive thing shining at the event.
Mauricio Antonio Velez: “This is just pure gold, 24-karat gold.”
Yes, that's a doughnut, created by New York Chef Björn De La Cruz.
Björn De La Cruz: “I was like, ‘I will cover this in gold.'”
They came to the 305 from the Big Apple to lend their golden touch to the celebration.
Björn De La Cruz: “It's not like any other doughnut anyone's ever tasted. Thirty percent of it is made of a purple yam from the Philippines. It's called ube.”
Don't think you can just walk up and order them from a batch. Each doughnut is made to order.
And the entire process takes about 18 hours, which means it's hard to get your hands on one.
Björn De La Cruz: “I'm the only one that produces it. When we make this the doughnut, it kind of blows up, and then it's very, very light. It's crunchy on the outside, and then it's this moist gooeyness on the inside.”
If you weren't sold when you heard gold…
Björn De La Cruz: “The icing underneath of the gold doughnut is made with crystal. The inside is filled with an ube mousse, and inside of that is a gelée made from crystal.”
Salivating yet? To taste the gold, it will cost you $100 per doughnut.
Björn De La Cruz: “The real expense to this is really the time and then the crystal that goes into it.”
Sounds like it's definitely being worth the benjamin.
Angela Birdman: “You take a bite, wash it down with some champagne. Perfection.”
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The impact of 20mph speed limits on safety and public health is to be examined in a new study.
Researchers will evaluate how the policy of reducing the limit from 30mph has worked in parts of Edinburgh and Belfast.
Rates of traffic accidents and injuries before and after the change will be measured to look at whether road safety has been enhanced.
Any change in transport use will also be scrutinised by examining the take-up of cycling and walking, while local residents will also be asked their opinions of the move.
The research team, led by the University of Edinburgh and the Scottish Collaboration for Public Health Research and Policy, hopes the project will inform other cities planning to introduce lower speed limits.
The study is the largest of its kind in the UK and will run until 2020.
If all goes to plan, the study could be rolled out across the country.
Environmental campaigners are calling on politicians to introduce default 20mph limits in towns and cities to help tackle air pollution.
The call comes as research shows 81% of us believe it is important to tackle air pollution - but only 28% have taken steps to reduce the amount they create.
Half of the 28% are ditching the car for walking, cycling or public transport, and the rest are ensuring vehicles are well maintained and do not idle in traffic, a study found.
The research was carried out by Global Action Plan, which organised National Clean Air Day on Thursday.
The Scottish Government said 40 actions had been taken to combat air pollution in the past 18 months, including becoming the first country in Europe to adopt World Health Organisation guidelines on certain types of air pollution and creating four new air quality management areas.
Further actions include working to create the country's first low emission zone by next year and creating plans to boost walking and cycling.
Friends of the Earth Scotland air pollution campaigner Emilia Hanna called on the government to go further.
They said: "To give us the clean air we need, the Scottish Government must commit to low emission zones in all our main cities, re-regulate bus companies to increase passenger numbers and increase walking and cycling by making 20mph the default speed limit in cities whilst investing more in active travel infrastructure."
Environment Secretary Roseanna Cunningham said Scotland's clean air strategy is helping people make changes but more work needs to be done.
Speaking on a visit to Sciennes Primary School in Edinburgh for National Clean Air Day on Thursday, they said: "A year on and the package of actions sets out in Scotland's first clean air strategy is clearly helping people and encouraging them to think about ways of improving the quality of air in our communities. But we can't be complacent and recognise much more needs to be done.
"National Clean Air Day is an opportunity to think about the small actions we can take, such as choosing to leave the car at home more often or avoiding leaving the engine idling when in the car.
"Employers should also be encouraging staff to travel in a more sustainable way."
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud Pause
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals, clothing and much more
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Dayton Police are investigating multiple robberies that started as transactions on social media.
According to a police report, over the weekend a victim who was trying to sell a $200 hoodie was robbed at gunpoint. The victim reports they and the robber began the transaction on a social media app called Letgo. The buyer met the suspect on Maplewood Avenue near Riverside Dr.
Another case in Dayton happened in the 100 block of Melba St. near Broadway Ave. In this case the victim met the suspect through Facebook and was trying to sell a gaming system for $300. The suspect then paid for the item with fake money, which according to the report is sitting in an evidence room.
“With the increase in social media apps and things like that we are seeing an increase throughout the year, but especially during the holiday season,” said Major Brian Johns.
For online buyers/sellers who need to make needed exchanges you can make the exchange at the following locations through the Dayton Police Safe Exchange Program:
East Patrol Operations Division North (417 E. Helena St.)
East Patrol Operations Division South (2721 Wayne Ave.) w
Once both parties have agreed on exchange terms, they may meet at one of the two locations and look for the “Safe Exchange Zone” sign near the main entrance. The building lobby at the other location will be available during regular business hours (8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday). If the lobby is not accessible, the parking lot is also a safe exchange zone because it is monitored and recorded by video surveillance. In addition, a peace officer may be requested to be present during the exchange by calling 333-COPS.
If you have any information about these cases call the Dayton Police Department.
Guests will be invited to pack their vehicles and park in the fields in front of the Hermitage's entrance gate for the celestial event. The first 2,000 guests will get a free pair of solar eclipse glasses, courtesy of Deloitte.
“We celebrate history on these grounds, and in this case, we'll be watching history unfold from our front lawn,” said Howard Kittell, president and CEO of the Hermitage. “We're so lucky in Nashville to have a front-row seat for a rare celestial event. And here at The Hermitage, we think we have the best seats.”
A list of confirmed food vendors that will be on-site can be found at thehermitage.com. Guests are welcome to bring their own food and beverages to the tailgate area. Additionally, a children's play area on-site will include historical games, science activities and a craft table where they can make solar eclipse glasses.
For those who wish to tour the mansion and its exhibits before or after the eclipse, all guests to the Hermitage on Aug. 21 will receive a discounted general admission rate. Admission will be $16 for adults, $11 for high school and college students, $8 for students through eighth grade and free for children 5 and younger. VIP parking spaces closest to the Hermitage entrance are available for reservation and will also come with one parking spot, two pairs of solar eclipse glasses and two adult admission passes to The Hermitage.
To buy discounted tickets to the Hermitage and VIP parking passes, visit showclix.com/event/solar-eclipse-tailgate.
The Hermitage is currently a 1,120-acre National Historic Landmark with 27 historic buildings.
BRUNSWICK COUNTY, NC (WWAY) — A Brunswick County man faces a slew of charges for child pornography after an investigation involving the Department of Homeland Security, according to District Attorney Jon David.
Justin Brochure, 36, was arrested Thursday.
- Advertisement -
The District Attorney said Brochure was originally booked on a $1 million bond, but bonded out on a $100,000 bond.
Oak Island Police were involved in the investigation before the District Attorney said Brochure moved to Leland after the investigation began.
The District Attorney said Brochure is facing charges for downloading images of child porn.
There is no question about Obaseki's commitment to the welfare of Edo people as they continue to make the difficult decisions to clear out entrenched behaviours that inhibit growth Crusoe Osagie writes
Lying adjacent to the University of Benin, Ekehuan Campus, is Garrick Memorial Secondary School (GMSS), a privately owned institution, which consists of rows of classroom blocks facing a vast open field. Regularly, especially on weekends, the open field hosts loud parties complemented with shrilling music. From burial ceremonies to wedding receptions to birthday celebrations, the catalogue of activities it hosts is endless.
But, on August 2, the Edo State Government released a press statement, signed by the Commissioner for Communication and Orientation, Hon. Paul Ohonbamu, announcing the immediate ban of the use of public school premises, roads and other public places for social events. The rationale for the ban, the government said, was that the act is detrimental to the advancement of learning and the overall development of children who are forced to cope with the adverse after effect of this practice.
“By our ancestry as Edo people, we have always shown the example of public order and decency which others have emulated over the years and this administration is determined to make Edo a model of magnificence and beauty once again,” the release said. “Henceforth, any violation of this decision of government will be dealt with in accordance with extant laws.”
So, although the GMSS parties will continue considering that the school and its property are privately owned, the same will not be the case for its contemporaries that are owned by government.
A Ferocious Backlash
In a report published by the Vanguard Newspaper ten days after the ban was announced, it was alleged that a number of Edo people are not happy with the decision, after some scheduled burial and wedding ceremonies had to be disrupted as a result of the ban. The thrust of the Vanguard article was that the policy was targeted against the poor masses, “who may be unable to afford to hold such ceremonies in event centres, hotels and other private places.”
The article quoted a press release by the Benin Youth Congress (BYC) condemning the government's decision.
One Osadolor Okonzuwa who issued a statement on behalf of BYC said: “The decision came too sudden for those who have made elaborate plans for marriages and burials of loved ones. Partying in houses, schools are age-long customs.”
They claimed that the policy is anti-poor, and a gross disservice to the mass of electorates who favoured the governor's candidature.
“The saddest part is that youths who survive by installation of canopies and chairs will be out of business since event centres have fixed chairs and tables,” they claimed.
However, it is rather unfortunate that the likes of Okonzuwa whose view on this issue seems precariously shallow was given the privilege of responding on behalf of the masses.
It is sad that Okonzuwa and their cotravellers who claim to be defending the interest of the poor and downtrodden in their response to Obaseki's policy could not wrap their minds around the fact that preserving the sanctity of these public schools is in fact an action towards the protection of the future of these poor people and their children.
These half-baked activists need to wake up to the very elementary fact that the only sure path out of poverty for these ordinary people is a sound education which is clearly imperilled by the acts which Obaseki has now moved to terminate.
Okonzuwa and their friends must remember that only the children of the poor attend public schools these days, and if Governor Obaseki takes a step to prevent the continued vandalism of these schools by banning partying in their premises, then it is a step invariably targeted at the wellbeing of the less privileged and not the other way round.
Meanwhile, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Basic Education, Dr. Joan Osa Oviawe explained that the ban by the Edo State Government on the use of premises of public schools for social activities would check vandalism of government infrastructure, create an effective line of communication and strengthen the harmonious relationship between schools and communities where they are located.
“With such a measure in place, communities will take over ownership of the infrastructure as critical stakeholders and put the problem of vandalism behind them,” they said.
Law and Order for socio-economic advancement
Obaseki's ban is not a surprising move, judging from the kinds of decisions they have set in motion since becoming the state governor. When they decided to sanitise Benin-City's busiest spot, Ring Road, they were confronted with lots of criticism. “He should have built a motor garage for us first,” a taxi driver lamented to me recently in the ancient metropolis.
But more than physical infrastructure, Obaseki believes that development starts from the mind, a function of mental gymnastics. If a people cannot think development, then no level of infrastructural progress can lift them out of the muddle of mediocrity.
“People from this side of the world have always believed in doing the wrong things. So, for me, they have done the right thing,” a Doctor of Communications at the University of Benin, Daniel Ekhareafor, noted. “It is the same with their decision to clear Ring Road. Do you know the level of crime in that place before now? What the man is trying to do is that we must have a saner society where people play according to the rules.”
Whether Obaseki's “doing the right thing” will earn them favourable ratings is a political mystery, but there is no question about their commitment to the welfare of the state as they continue to clear out entrenched negative behaviours that inhibit development in societies.
For example, because a prominent person dies, some people will just decide to block major roads, pausing the flow of economic activity. This is what the Obaseki government is against. In a civilised society, there should be law and order. If you want to celebrate, rent a hall – there are actually cheap alternatives – or use a personal space, like a family compound. At least, be creative, so the wheels of Edo society can continue to function without unnecessary hiccups.
Crusoe Osagie is the Special Adviser to Governor Obaseki on Media and Communication Strategy
A RV fire in Oak Park spread to a nearby house where 11 people were living under the same roof. NBC 7's Dave Summers has more. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
An RV fire that grew into a raging house Friday in Oak Park is exposing problems associated with the lack of affordable housing in the county.
The fire started at around 8:35 a.m. inside of an RV parked in the driveway of a home on Kalmia Street that 11 people were occupying at the same time.
The flames soon spread from the RV to nearby brush and then to the home, sending a thick plume of heavy smoke into the air above the neighborhood.
Firefighters said it was fueled by belongings stacked floor to ceiling all over the property.
RV Fire in Oak Park Spreads to Home
A large plume of smoke could be seen for miles from an RV fire in Oak Park. NBC 7's Liberty Zabala reports. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
Tenants said this was a four-bedroom, two-bathroom home with a fifth makeshift bedroom that was really just a tarp enclosed patio. They were renting by the room and paying by the week because their only other option was living on the street.
"This particular situation has just blown up in the last few years," neighbor Shannon Kelsey said.
Kelsey is a lifetime resident of the home across the street.  They are sympathetic but the house impacted the whole neighborhood for a long time.
"We couldn't have guest over because there would be no place for anyone to park," Kelsey said.
High occupancy housing is a constant complaint at the city's Development Services Department. There are no real hard and fast state or city rules when it comes to these kinds of residences.
NBC 7 found several high occupancy homes in this same Oak Park community.
Raging RV Fire Spreads to Home in Oak Park
A raging RV fire spread to a home in Oak Park Friday morning. This is News Chopper 7 footage of the flames. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
Nearby on 54th Street, a neighbor complained of mold all over the outside of a home. Inside 10 to 13 beds were reported -- some in the kitchen and bathroom.
Code enforcement found a makeshift storage unit with a bathroom, kitchen and bedroom used as a home on Streamview Drive.
Bradley VanSlyke, who lived in the house on Kalmia Street, said they were laid off and the only alternative to the crowded house was the street.
"Total devastation," VanSlyke said. "I lost everything I had."
"This is the cost of living. Affordable housing, basically." Van Slyke added.
The house is destroyed. Its occupants are back in search of another affordable roof to shelter under.
Generally, the accepted occupancy is two people per bedroom plus one in each living space, but there are other factors like parking spaces and the home's square footage. Enforcement is complaint-driven, so many of these high occupancy homes go unnoticed outside their own neighborhood.
Price: £14.99
Developer: Redbeet Interactive
Publisher: Axolot Games
Platform: PC (Windows), Android
Release: Out now (Early Access)
Raft's first 20 seconds are like the cold open to a hot new science-fiction show, more questions than answers as the player awakens on a tiny square in the middle of an endless ocean, armed with nothing but a hook and a desire to survive.
Raft is another one of those survival games you've heard so much about, but its inversion of the standard tropes make it a compelling offering: You have very little control of the titular raft, and instead the resources you need to survive float lazily towards you. Sometimes there's another raft for you to board for supplies, or an island from which you can try to quickly scavenge seeds, dirt, or scrap from. Later, you'll even gain the ability to build a paddle, anchor, even sails for your tiny boat. However, by and large the raft is a force beyond your control, and the best you can do is hope to influence it.
Most survival games feature a crunch point - the moment when you break the back of the game's systems and move from surviving to thriving. Smart players will do this quickly, identifying a good location to make their stand, or if the game isn't procedurally generated, going through a series of motions to ensure the highest chance of survival.
This is how survival games work.
However, with Raft things often work out slightly differently. You're in a flow of debris which lazily rolls past the ship, and anything you want has to be fished out of it, whether by hook or by hand. Raft is one of the first games that I've played that understands that a lot of the survival genre is about gathering resources, and puts some effort into gamifying that collection. Sometimes, this leads to moments of frustration, but most of the time the little moments of elation as you snag a barrel of supplies is a world away from battering the nearest tree with your fist/axe/whatever you use in the current survival game vogue.
What you collect is used to enhance the raft you travel in in a variety of ways that make your path through the ocean easier: This could be making it larger so you can fit more things on it, adding areas to grow and cook food, or just stringing nets up everywhere around the outside to passively collect the rubbish you float past. Want to make a houseboat, several stories high? You can do that, but are you sure those resources wouldn't be better spent elsewhere?
Mechanically, it's this that sets Raft apart from its competitors and offers a unique experience. Thematically, the fact that it's set in the middle of an ocean makes it appear different, but even Subnautica, one of the kings of the genre that is also set in an endless ocean, allows you to slowly warp the environment to your will. Here, all you can do is improve your method of transportation, which has no effect on the world around you, beyond making the journey easier.
At the end of the day, while you may be able to start growing your own food, optimise your water production, or produce nets to catch the debris floating past, all it really does it make your survival a little easier - there are so many elements are play here that the core difficulties persist.
The biggest difficulty? The giant shark that keeps attacking your raft, of course. This shark is persistent and tireless, constantly circling your raft to nibble on anyone stupid enough to jump into the water, and occasionally inviting themselves on board to chew on some of the decking. They can be easily repelled with a spear, but that requires you to craft a spear and drop everything you're doing as soon as they attack to give them a solid prodding. Every now and again, with some persistent effort of your own, you can even kill the shark before harvesting its body for meat that you can eat, in addition to its head which you can use to make a fetching trophy to mount upon a wall — if you have a wall. However, like death, taxes, and the yearly update of Call of Duty, it's inevitable that another shark eventually rears its ugly head and starts snacking.
This shark, alongside your constant need for food and water, and the bastard seagulls that eat everything you try to plant, are the constants that set the tempo of the game. They never go away, they never get much easier. This means that Raft is, even at this early stage, surprisingly complete. However, it also means that I have some doubt about what else can be bolted onto it. This isn't a game that can easily weave in a new expansion, for example. However, this is a fresh survival experience in a genre that has been lacking in interesting ideas, and if survival is your cup of distilled seawater, this is a Raft you can put your faith in.
Technically, the game is really polished for where it's at too. There were few bugs, and the multiplayer has seamless drop-in/out coop. I guess you could call it a... survival raft.
Actually maybe don't; that joke doesn't even make any sense.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the shocking footage of Aston Villa fans fighting each other at Wembley as tempers boiled over after the defeat to Fulham.
The video above shows fans clashing in the stands as the reality of a doomed Championship campaign sank in.
As the video screen in the background screens the Fulham team climbing the steps to lift the Championship play-off trophy, the contrast of emotions was very evident as the ugly scenes erupted.
The video has been shared widely on social media after the game which saw Steve Bruce and their side resigned to another season in the second tier.
Tony's agony
Dr Tony Xia has again spoken out after Aston Villa's doomed promotion attempt and revealed they are still hurting after the Wembley defeat.
Speaking on Twitter, the owner admitted that everyone at the club is still coming to terms with falling short of their objective.
They stated: "Still hurting. Felt even more when you realize how much all ppl love the club, gaffer, the whole squad, including myself, have given everything but still didn't achieve our target.
"Also very difficult to verify ppl showing their real personality and humanity at this tough moment."
It follows their message to Villa fans straight after the game in which they simply said: ""Gutted. Sorry for all fans for this difficult moment. Have to stay stronger. UTV"
The inquest into the failed campaign will now begin.
Gabby's gone
Outgoing Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has paid an emotional farewell following their departure.
After 13 professional seasons, 391 appearances and 87 goals Agbonlahor has left their boyhood club.
The 31-year-old forward's last appearance in claret and blue came against Sheffield United on December 23 and he'll now weigh up their options ahead of their next move.
Posting on Instagram, Agbonlahor wrote: “At school I had my doubters but I always said I would become a professional footballer.
“Thank you Aston Villa for making my dream come true!!! 17 years, 391 games, 87 goals for the team I've supported all my life is something I would never have dreamt of!!
“Thank you to the fans who have supported me all my career you have made me feel proud to put a Villa shirt on! And also to the staff and players I have had the privilege to work with. I will miss you all.
“It's really severe” - Aston Villa and Tony Xia warned of the grim reality now facing them
“I look forward to watching the great young talent we have at the club and watching this special club get back to the where it belongs!
“The pleasure has been all mine, Aston Villa.”
Steve Bruce notified the Brummie striker of the club's decision earlier this year with Agbonlahor making just six appearances in their final season at Villa Park.
Bruce said: “He'll go with everybody's blessings here. It's maybe not gone so well for them over the last couple of years but he's been a very good player for Villa.
“He's Villa through and through and we shouldn't forget that.”
Finance expert's opinion
A football finance expert says Aston Villa's predicament is ‘really severe' and has predicted sales this summer.
The claret and blues were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat to Fulham in the play-off final at Wembley.
Steve Bruce's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions.
The club's most valuable asset, Jack Grealish, is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players.
Kieran Maguire, a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool, discussed Villa's problems at length with the BBC.
Cash cuts
“It's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they've had parachute payments. They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation.
“Those payments get cut back severely next year so they're going to have £20million less coming in. I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages.
Colossal wage bill
“The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it's simply not sustainable in the Championship.
“It's going to be a very big summer. They're going to have to sell the crown jewels, I suspect. The problem that they're going to have is that other clubs know they're in a financial pickle and they'll be trying to get them on the cheap.
“If you take a look at their first season in the Championship, they were losing around £800,000 a week, and that was on parachute payments of around £40million.
“Next season it's down to around about £15million so there's got to be severe cutbacks. I'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because they would have been on a decent wage.
“Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I've seen their contract, and that's eye-watering. Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one.
“The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players. They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club.
Aston Villa transfer 'compulsory' regardless of division - says club chief
Decision time
"Then you have the owner, who's based in China – he's going to have to work out whether they continue to bankroll the club to the same extent.
“There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap, and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players.
“If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them, but I think it's whether or not they'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans.”
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:53 Arty McGoo demonstrates how to decorate a Valentine's Day cookie
2:16 Drone flies over Lake Oroville Auxiliary Spillway
0:10 Choppers move in as rock-filled bags await positioning on Oroville Dam spillway
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:46 SUV pulled from Oceano Dunes creek crossing
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent. “The Man” was recorded with the producer Jacknife Lee during album sessions in Las Vegas and Los Angeles. The song finds frontman Brandon Flowers looking back on their younger self, the persona from their Grammy-nominated debut Hot Fuss, and reconciling that wide-eyed character with the man they are now.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
A gallant police officer Akinola Ola Rotimi is filled with appreciation after returning back to base in Lagos after a special assignment for more than 3 months in the north-east. The police officer and their colleagues were spotted on their knees as they thanked God in a church for safe return.
Akinola Ola Rotimi who shared the photos wrote;
"……3 months,3 weeks ago….my humble self and 62 gallant officers left for the north east on a special assignment…… and 3 months,3 weeks,we are back to Lagos……NO ONE, I mean NO ONE WAS MISSING………..It's really a BIG TESTIMONY….. please help me thank the Good Lord!!!!"
Source; http://www.nationalhelm.net/2017/04/police officers-thank-god-after-returning.html
SEATTLE (AP) — Robinson Cano and Nelson Cruz provided an early cushion, and Ariel Miranda made the most of it.
Cano and Cruz hit consecutive first-inning homers, Miranda pitched seven scoreless innings and the Seattle Mariners beat the Miami Marlins 6-1 Monday night in Ichiro Suzuki's first visit to Safeco Field as a member of the 3,000-hit club.
Miranda (1-1) allowed four singles and only one runner to reach second base while striking out five. Nick Vincent pitched a perfect eighth before Evan Scribner allowed Christian Yelich's third home run in the ninth.
“Great outing by Ariel tonight,” Mariners manager Scott Servais said. “He pitched much different tonight than last time out. Last time out, I think they threw a lot of offspeed pitches. Tonight they were very aggressive with their fastball. Great to see them really in control of the game all night.”
The Mariners won their fourth straight since a 2-8 start.
Cano crushed a 2-1 pitch from Tom Koehler (0-1) 441 feet to right-center for their second home run, a two-run shot that scored Jarrod Dyson. Cruz followed with their second homer, lining a 1-1 pitch to center to make it 3-0.
“Obviously coming out, great to see those guys kind of pick it up and get it going,” Servais said. “That's what drives the train is the middle of our lineup. And, hopefully get in a nice, consistent rhythm.”
Suzuki was honored before the game for getting their 3,000th hit last season, then got another ovation before their first at-bat in the third inning.
Suzuki won two batting titles in their 11 1/2 seasons with the Mariners and set the season record with 262 hits in a 2004. They grounded out three times Monday, though, and their average dipped to .067 (1 for 15). Suzuki last played at Safeco on June 12, 2014, when they were with the New York Yankees.
The Mariners added two runs in the fourth. Leonys Martin singled, stole second and then advanced to third on an errant pick-off attempt by Koehler. Dyson's one-out looping double over third scored Martin. Dyson advanced to third on Mitch Haniger's ground out and came home on Cano's double off the wall in left-center.
“I just couldn't really get that last out in the fourth fast enough before they scored those two more,” said Koehler, who allowed five runs and seven hits with three walks in four innings.
Taylor Motter's third home run, a one-out-shot into the second deck in left in the sixth, pushed the lead to 6-0.
Motter, filling in for injured shortstop Jean Segura, is hitting .409 with four doubles, three homers and six RBIs in their last six games.
Miranda allowed a pair of two-out singles in the sixth but retired Yelich on an inning-ending fly out to right.
HOT HANIGER
Haniger extended their hitting streak to 11 games with a third-inning single.  They are batting .348 with two doubles, four homers and 11 RBI over that span.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Marlins: Martin Prado, who began the season on the DL (strained right hamstring), was recalled and in the lineup at 3B, batting second. Prado was 1 for 3 before coming out in the seventh inning.
To make room, 1B Tyler Moore was designated for assignment.
Mariners: Servais hopes Segura (strained right hamstring) is ready to come off the 10-day DL at Oakland on Thursday. Segura did some light baserunning Monday. “Everything is leaning toward he'll be available when we go over to Oakland.” … RHP Steve Cishek (recovering from hip surgery) threw an 18-pitch scoreless inning in their first rehab appearance for Double-A Arkansas.
UP NEXT
Marlins: Left-hander Wei-Yin Chen (1-0, 7.00) has allowed seven runs over nine innings in their two starts. They lasted just three innings in their last outing, allowing six runs and seven hits, including two homers, but did not get a decision.
Mariners: Right-hander Yovani Gallardo (0-1, 6.30) makes their third start and has gone five innings each in their previous two. The last time out, they failed to protect a 5-0 lead, although they did not get the loss. Gallardo is 5-1 with a 1.90 ERA in eight career starts against Miami.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A £37 million pound theme park is set to open in 2020 - and it's only a little more than an hour's drive from Burton.
Gulliver's Valley theme park will be housed at the former Pithouse West Colliery site close to the Rother Valley Country Park, between Chesterfield and Sheffield, creating 250 jobs.
This will consist of a theme park with rides and attractions all aimed at families with children between the ages of two and 13.
There will also be an indoor water play zone, a climbing centre, a glades attraction and an education and ecology centre with forest classrooms and outdoor learning adventures.
The resort will include family-friendly accommodation in the shape of a glamping, self-catering woodland lodges and the central Lilliput Castle Hotel, according to Derbyshire Live .
(Image: Gulliver's Theme Parks)
A Gully's Dream Village will be included in the development, where children with life threatening illnesses will be given the chance to enjoy some cost-free respite in a special environment unlike any hospital room.
In addition, there will be nature trails, walks, outdoor gyms and woodland runs at Gulliver's Valley, which will all be available to the local community as well as visitors.
The project was given the green light in March 2017 and has been seen as a boost to the wider economy.
Gulliver's has been running attractions for more than 40 years, and has its Gulliver's Kingdom park at Matlock Bath, but says the Pithouse West project is its "most ambitious yet".
Gulliver's managing director Julie Dalton said: "Our Gulliver's Valley development will give the area a huge economic boost as we look to use a local supply chain and bring tourism pounds into the local economy.
"Add to that the number of local jobs it will create – up to 255 full time equivalent posts - and it will be a real positive for the Rother Valley community."
What will the Gulliver's Valley theme park include?
A theme park designed especially for families.
An indoor water play zone with no standing water, suitable for all ages and abilities.
Fantastic themed areas throughout the park to capture imaginations.
Free-range self catering woodland lodges and tree houses designed to complement the peaceful surroundings.
A stylish hotel designed as a family venue welcoming business customers and the general public too.
The opportunity to enjoy one of the only official NERF Zone attractions in Europe.
Multi-use nature trails open to the community. These trails will connect the resort with the wider Rother Valley.
China penalises 6.7m ‘debtors' with travel ban
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Sponsorship Opportunities Still Available
RALEIGH, NC--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Percona, the company that delivers enterprise-class MySQL® and MongoDB® solutions and services, today announced the keynote sessions for the sixth annual Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2017, taking place April 24-27, 2017, at The Hyatt Regency Santa Clara and Santa Clara Convention Center. This year's conference features several exciting extracurricular events, including an opening reception sponsored by Booking.com, the MySQL Community Awards ceremony, and book signings hosted by O'Reilly featuring Sveta Smirnov, Laine Campbell, Charity Majors, Baron Schwartz, Peter Zaitsev and Vadim Tkachenko. Sponsorship opportunities for the conference are still available.
The Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2017 is the premier event for open source software developers and users, as well as businesses that develop and use open source software. Topics for this year's event focus on three key areas -- MySQL, MongoDB and other open source databases. Other specialized tracks include Amazon Web Services, PostgreSQL, RocksDB, and time series data. In total, Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2017 will feature 10 keynote addresses, 17 tutorials, 192 breakouts sessions, and two "101" crash courses, one on MySQL and one on MongoDB.
Keynote Sessions
Welcoming Keynote - Peter Zaitsev, Percona
Continuent Is Back! But What Does Continuent Do Anyway? - Eero Teerikorpi and MC Brown, Continuent
Open Source Database Ecosystem - Paul Dix, InfluxDB; Tal Levy, Elastic Search; Björn Rabenstein, Prometheus; Justin Teller, Facebook; and Peter Zaitsev, Percona
SQLite: The Most Important Software Component That Many People Have Never Heard Of - Richard Hipp, SQLite.org
The Open Source Database Business Model is Under Siege - Paul Dix, InfluxDB
Keynote Panel - Colin Charles, Percona; Baron Schwartz, VividCortex; and MC Brown, Continuent
MySQL 8.0: Powering the next generation of Web, Saas, Cloud - Tomas Ulin, Oracle
The Future of Monitoring Is Distributed - Baron Schwartz, VividCortex
Closing Keynote - Peter Zaitsev, Percona
Monitoring Booking.com without looking at MySQL - Jean Francois Gagne, Booking.com
Community Award Ceremony
Conference Activities
An Opening Ceremony featuring food and cocktails being sponsored by Booking.com.
O'Reilly will host various special book signings. Attendees will have the opportunity to purchase the following books and have the authors sign them:
-- MySQL Troubleshooting by Sveta Smirnov
-- Database Reliability Engineering by Laine Campbell, Charity Majors
-- High Performance MySQL, 3rd Edition by Baron Schwartz, Peter Zaitsev, Vadim Tkachenko
MySQL Community Awards Ceremony - Presented by Emily Slocombe, SurveyMonkey - The MySQL Community Awards acknowledge individuals and corporations for their contributions to the MySQL ecosystem. It is a from-the-community, by-the-community and for-the-community effort. Awards are given for Community Contributor, Application, and Corporate Contributor.
Sponsorships
Sponsorship opportunities for Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2017 are available and offer the opportunity to interact with DBAs, sysadmins, developers, CTOs, CEOs, business managers, technology evangelists, solution vendors, and entrepreneurs who typically attend the event. Current sponsors include:
Diamond Plus - Continuent, VividCortex
- Continuent, VividCortex Gold - Amazon Web Services, GridGain Systems
- Amazon Web Services, GridGain Systems Silver - Clustrix, Grafana Labs, Yelp
- Clustrix, Grafana Labs, Yelp Exhibitor - Altinity, ITSumma, O'Reilly, Pythian, ScaleArc, ScaleDB, SelectStar, Severalnines, SolarWinds, Uber, PingCAP, BitNine Global, Alibaba, Object Rocket, TimescaleDB
- Altinity, ITSumma, O'Reilly, Pythian, ScaleArc, ScaleDB, SelectStar, Severalnines, SolarWinds, Uber, PingCAP, BitNine Global, Alibaba, Object Rocket, TimescaleDB Reception Sponsor - Booking.com
- Booking.com Contributor Sponsors - Facebook, MailChimp, Netflix, Google SQL Cloud
- Facebook, MailChimp, Netflix, Google SQL Cloud Media - CMSWire, Datanami, Database Trends & Applications, InsideBigData, InsideHPC, Opensource.com, Packt, Women Who Code
Baron Schwartz, Founder & CEO, VividCortex
"Percona Live is a must-attend event for anyone really engaged with the open source database community. Each year, we look forward to reconnecting with our peers, customers, and friends -- the developers, architects, and managers who are charting the future of the high-performance data tier. Percona Live is where the community literally envisions and starts building what's next in databases, and where the open source and commercial ecosystems intersect. Our team is proud to be part of it, to learn, and to share best practices aimed at improving business outcomes through better understanding and visibility into database performance."
Eero Teerikorpi, Founder & CEO, Continuent
"Continuent is very excited to once again be participating in Percona Live, the premier open source database conference. Two years ago, Continuent was acquired by VMware as the best-of-breed data services company to build their DBaaS solution. Changes in those plans led Continuent to be spun off back into an independent company. Continuent offers business-critical data replication and database clustering solutions. Our customers run billions of dollars' worth of business on our multi-site/multi-master clusters and use our advanced replication solutions to replicate in real-time from MySQL and Oracle into Analytics/Big Data."
Planning to Attend?
Visit the Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2017 website for more information about the conference or to register.
Percona Live Conferences
What: Percona Live Open Source Database Conference 2017
Where: The Hyatt Regency Santa Clara and Santa Clara Convention Center
5101 Great America Parkway Santa Clara, CA 95054
When: April 24-27, 2017
About Percona
With more than 3,000 customers worldwide, Percona is the only company that delivers enterprise-class solutions for both MySQL® and MongoDB® across traditional and cloud-based platforms. The company provides Software, Support, Consulting, and Managed Services to large, well-known global brands such as Cisco Systems, Time Warner Cable, Alcatel-Lucent, Rent the Runway and the BBC, as well as smaller enterprises looking to maximize application performance while streamlining database efficiencies. Well established as thought leaders, Percona experts author content for the Percona Database Performance Blog and the Percona Live Open Source Database Conferences draw attendees and expert technical speakers from around the world. For more information, visit www.percona.com.
Percona®, XtraBackup®, TokuDB® and Fractal Tree® are registered trademarks of Percona LLC or its subsidiaries. All other registered and unregistered trademarks in this document are the sole property of their respective owners.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Motorists in Sutton Coldfield will face delays on two Sutton Coldfield routes with urgent works taking place by a utility company.
Three-way traffic lights are being used in Clifton Road, between Wyndley Leisure Centre and Manor Road from 9am to 3.30pm for three days ‘to enable a gas leak to be located and repaired'.
And a second gas repair is set to cause problems on another key route near Good Hope Hospital.
(Image: Google)
Iain Aiken, Birmingham City Council's engineer for Sutton and Erdington said: “We have been advised that two-way temporary traffic signals will be used in Rectory Road for up to three days between 9am to 3.30pm.
“The signals will be set up on Wednesday (April 25) in the vicinity of 36 Rectory Road, near the railway bridge, to enable a gas leak to be located and repaired.”
Museum of London
Marion, who was born in Westphalia, Germany, in 1871, moved to England to live with an aunt when they were 15 to escape their abusive father. Four years later, they took to the stage as a music hall actor.
But on signing their first contract with an agent, they were knocked unconscious and sexually assaulted — an experience that Dr Fern Riddell, who used the scrapbook as a basis for their book Death In Ten Minutes, says spurred them into campaigning for women's rights.
"This is an actor who fought back against sexual harassment in their industry for 20 years. No one would listen to her," Riddell told BuzzFeed News.
"In end, being so frustrated and so angry, and so upset and damaged by what was [being done] to women in that industry by men, they turned to the bomb and the arson campaign of the Suffragettes."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fire investigators are trying to determine the cause of a fire which seriously damaged one of Birmingham's last live music venues - with arson suspected.
Eight appliances were sent to the canalside scene last night (March 18).
Thirty of the 40-50 firefighters sent into action were reported to have used breathing apparatus.
West Midlands Fire Service today reported there had been 'multiple seats of fire', suggesting that the fire was caused deliberately.
A tweet from the service said: "Fifty firefighters tackled a fire at 21:31 last night at the former RoadHouseRocks Lifford Lane.
"There were multiple seats of fire.
Famous Roadhouse music club in Kings Norton on fire
(Image: @snappersk)
"30 breathing apparatus, 4 main jets and 2 hose reel jets were used.
"Cause is thought to be deliberate, but investigations are still being carried out."
A West Midlands Fire spokesperson said firefirghters had remained at the scene overnight to prevent new fires from breaking out.
And an investigation team has spent today trying to establish the cause of the fire.
The venue wasn't currently trading after announcing a temporary closure last year.
"Following a 999 call at 9.31pm, fire crews had to divide the building into different sectors to fight the blaze," they said.
"Police were also on hand to assist with local traffic."
We reported on September 30 how it was closing for the rest of 2017 having already been unable to trade during most of that month.
The venue posted a notice on its Facebook page to say that it hoped to reopen in six months.
Roadhouse said: “The reason we have been forced to close is due to having no electric supply plain and simple.
(Image: @snappersk)
“We have nothing to hide here as we have done nothing wrong, but the bottom line is we have been left in the dark and obviously unable to trade.
“I assure you every single angle and avenue has been investigated to try to resolve this issue which has been an ongoing and deteriorating problem for a long time which has finally come to a halt."
“That now leaves me to reassess, plan and invest again both financially, emotionally and the time to build it back up and ensure it continues to be that special venue in a lot of peoples hearts and worlds.”
(Image: @snappersk)
Ironically, The Roadhouse is next to an electricity pylon which stands at the entrance to the industrial estate off Lifford Lane
It is just across the road from where another former great live music venue, The Breedon Bar, was in its heyday from around 1988-92.
When the Roadhouse closed last year Jez Collins, research project manager at BCU's Birmingham School of Media, said: “I know Zoe Godber who owns The Roadhouse and know that they have worked very, very hard there to develop an American-style rock club.
(Image: @snappersk)
“Venues like this are the lifeblood of the music industry, both locally and nationally.
“They are the places where musicians make mistakes and learn their trade before going on to play venues of 50,000 people.
“A recent report said the region had 900,000 music tourists who spend more than £250 million supporting 3,500 jobs.
“Music venues like The Roadhouse are an invaluable part of that chain.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
1:45 Matchless Brewing makes move to its own space Pause
1:33 Comcast opens new west Olympia customer center
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
4:54 Bulked-up Felix Hernandez arrives at spring training, feels great
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
Multiple people have been injured in a car crash in Charlottesville, VA. At least three cars were involved in the accident, according to the City of Charlottesville spokesperson Miriam Dickler.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (AP) — A Massachusetts police officer is facing disciplinary action for writing “Hahahaha love this” on Facebook in response to a story about a car striking and killing a counter-protester at a white supremacist rally in Virginia.
Springfield Officer Conrad Lariviere later apologized, saying in a Facebook conversation with Masslive.com that he's a “good man who made a stupid comment.”
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri said they received a complaint about the comment Sunday.
This is how a white police officer in Springfield, MA reacted to the death & injuries in #Charlottesville Their name is Conrad Lariviere pic.twitter.com/c9OcOIJgxw — RiotWomenn (@riotwomennn) August 14, 2017
“I took immediate steps to initiate a prompt and thorough internal investigation,” Barbieri said via email. “If in fact this post did originate from an officer employed with the Springfield Police Department, this matter will be reviewed by the Community Police Hearings Board for further action.”
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno denounced the comments.
“There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer,” Sarno said in a statement.
Lariviere had written on Facebook: “Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways.”
They were responding to a story about the death on Saturday of 32-year-old Heather Heyer, who was struck by a car that plowed into a crowd of people protesting the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Nineteen others were injured. James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Ohio, was arrested shortly after and charged with second-degree murder.
Lariviere also questioned whether the driver of the car that struck the crowd was a “nazi scumbag.”
They responded to a critic who asked whether they had ever been struck by a car, saying they had been struck by someone “with warrants, but who cares right you ignorant brat live in a fantasy land with the rest of America while I deal with the real danger.”
Lariviere told Masslive.com they are not a racist.
“Never would I want someone to get murdered. I am not a racist and don't believe in what any of those protesters are doing,” they said.
Lariviere was a member of the Springfield Police Academy's 2014 graduating class. A message left by The Associated Press at a listed number for a Conrad Lariviere in Springfield was not immediately returned.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The harvest of centifolia rose, a key ingredient to the world's most famous perfume, is in full swing in southern France.
Thanks to a unique micro-climate and to the terrain's special features, flower fields around Grasse produce unique fragrant essences and raw materials that are at the basis of countless perfumes the world over. One of them is the Mul Family Estate in Pegomas. They have the exclusivity to produce these flowers for Chanel.
"These flower fields are very important for us because they're the same that provided the ingredients for perfume Chanel No 5 when it was created," said Chanel's head perfumer, Olivier Polge. "No 5 was made with the jasmine and roses that grow here and that possess a very special and distinct olfactory quality. This is why over the years we've made sure to keep this quality that contributes to No 5's hallmark," explained Mr Polge.
The rose may also be cultivated elsewhere in the world, but fragrance experts say only the unique variety produced in these fields gives the exact same scent of the original Chanel No 5.
Extracting the aroma
Sixty seasonal workers are employed at the Maison Mul fields during the rose harvest. The job is entirely conducted by hand, whilst "the process is a rush against time in the effort to retain the strongest smell of the roses in bloom," said the Mul Family Estate farming director Fabrice Bianchi.
Right after the harvest, the rose petals are put into burlap sacks and swiftly brought to the nearby Sotraflor factory. They are given solvent hexane in order to capture the rose's precious aromatic materials. The union between petals and hexane generates the "concrete", a brown, semi-solid material. Ethyl alcohol is then added to the concrete in order to separate the wax from the aromatic materials.
What remains is the absolute, a very powerful fragrance. employed in perfumery and in the making of Chanel No 5.
Writer: Doloresz Katanich with AP
Launch of new series of Britain's Got Talent
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fans of gritty drama Broadchurch will be hoping to find out who the rapist is as the last ever episode of the ITV show airs tonight.
The third series will draw to a close after eight weeks of 'whodunnit' guessing as Detective Sergeant Ellie Miller (played by Olivia Colman) and DI Alec Hardy (played by David Tennant) close in on the attacker.
This series saw them lead an investigation into the rape of Trish Winterman (played by Julie Hesmondhalgh) in the fictional Dorset town.
The makers of the drama have been praised by police and rape counsellors who have said they hope the storyline will encourage real-life victims to come forward.
Viewers have also been moved by the harrowing scenes and have heaped praise on former Coronation Street actor Hesmondhalgh for their portrayal of the character.
The show's writer and creator, Chris Chibnall, told The Sun's TV Magazine that they did have second thoughts about ending the show.
(Photo: Kudos/Imaginary Friends/Sister Pictures/ITV)
They said: "I felt like a bit of an idiot. I was like, 'Why am I saying goodbye to David and Olivia and all these brilliant people?' But I didn't have another story to tell in this world and I think it's nice to go out on such strong form."
The penultimate episode cast more doubt and suspicion on the residents in the sleepy coastal town and also brought to a head the sad storyline that has been building up for Mark Latimer.
(Photo: Kudos/Imaginary Friends/Sister Pictures/ITV)
Latimer, played by Andrew Buchan, and their family were at the centre of the first series which dealt with the murder of their young son Danny.
Series three has shown Mark's struggle to move on and get over the loss, as well as their unsuccessful attempt at ending their lives.
The main suspects in play for the attack on Trish have included their ex, Ian Winterman (played by Charlie Higson), their best friend's husband Jim Atwood (played by Mark Bazeley), cab driver Clive Lucas (played by Sebastian Armesto) and Trish's boss, shop owner Ed Burnett (played by Sir Lenny Henry).
Chibnall will step into the shoes of current Doctor Who is a showrunner, Steven Moffat, next year.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A family faced "unthinkable" agony after a young man was found dead in the River Derwent
Matthew King, known to friends and family as Matt, was found in the water by a group of rowers on the morning of May 29 last year.
Paramedics arrived and moved the 21-year-old's body after emergency services descended on St Mary's Bridge, close to the Furnace Inn. They were pronounced dead at the scene and police began an investigation.
The court heard that Mr King, who had recently started a new job as a procurement buyer, had a relationship breakdown just days prior to the incident.
PC Luke Anthony-Walker, who was first to attend the 999 call, told the inquest that Mr King – formally of Lodge Lane, Darley – was last seen alive by their friend Ryan Ashby at around 3.30am after attending Derby nightclub Popworld for a night out.
PC Anthony-Walker said: "I was on duty at the time of the initial call, which took place at around 8.53am. When we arrived on scene the member of the pubic who had called in the incident was still present. Due to the location of the body the fire service was called to help with the retrieval of the body.
"After a search of the area, officers found a phone belonging to Matthew and attended a property in Lodge Lane where they spoke to Mrs King.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"There was no evidence to suggest foul play and given the note that was left on the phone they [Matthew] made it clear what they intended to do when they stepped into the river."
A pathologist from Royal Derby Hospital ruled that Mr King drowned, and had no previous mental health issues.
Recording a conclusion of suicide, assistant Derby coroner Rachel Syed gave their heartfelt condolences to the family.
They said: "Losing a 21-year-old son is simply unthinkable. But a significant factor seems to have occurred some days prior to the incident.
"Matthew was described as a happy-go-lucky and they did not raise any concerns or signs of being suicidal in the run up to the incident."
If you are feeling troubled you can call the Samaritans' 24-hour confidential helpline on 116 123
A man accused of raping and murdering an Idaho college student ​and ​then fleeing to New York City insisted they were innocent Wednesday as authorities picked them up from a Manhattan courtroom for extradition.
“Are you a reporter?” asked Bruce Marchant, 61, as officials led them into an elevator.
“I'm not guilty of rape and kidnapping,” they declared, donning spectacles and sporting a bushy silver beard.
In December, Boise police tracked Marchant to a Veterans Affairs hospital in Kips Bay and arrested them for the kidnap, rape and murder of Sierra Bush, 18, in Boise, Idaho.
The Boise State University honors student disappeared Sept. 27, and a month later their nude body turned up in a creek about 30 miles north of the city, according to the Idaho Statesman.
Marchant said they didn't flee to New York because they had committed the horrific crime — the timing was just a coincidence. “No one was pursuing me,” they said of when they decided to head to the Big Apple.
Sierra died of asphyxiation, according to the Boise County coroner's office.
Sierra's father, Phil Bush, rented the ex-con a property they owned a half mile from the duplex they shared with their daughter, the Statesman reported.
The grieving father previously said they suspected Marchant might be responsible, but they didn't want to “wrongly accuse anyone.”
Marchant had spent 20 years in Idaho prisons for armed robbery, assault and arson.
Former President General and community leader of Oviri Olomu in Ughelli South Local Government Area of Delta State, Chief Simon Ebrobota, has appealed to youths of the community to ensure the collection of their permanent voter cards, PVCs.
They also enjoined those still unwilling to register for the PVCs to do so without further delay.
They made the appeal when the youths of the community led by George Akanuota paid them a courtesy visit at their country home to fashion out strategies as well as work out political alignment in preparation for the 2019 general election.
They said, “Our numerical strength must be adequately demonstrated in the political space. We should know that the only tool that can be deployed to effect any change in the governance of any land is through the instrumentality of the voter cards.”
UKIP candidate Paul Nuttall responds to Labour's suggestion they should 'sod off back where they came from'
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour believes momentum in the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election is moving its way but the battle to win next week's poll “remains tough and tight”.
The party has run a campaign focusing on local issues, such as cuts to local children's centres overseen by Stoke-on-Trent City Council - which is run by a coalition of independents, Conservatives and the city's one UKIP councillor.
But it has also moved out of its “comfort zone” and fought main rivals UKIP on their own turf.
A party source said: “We have focused right from the start on Brexit, on immigration and on national security, and on national pride reflected in Stoke.”
Keir Starmer, Labour's Shadow Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union , was bought in to launch the party's by-election campaign, to highlight Labour's commitment to leaving the EU and replacing freedom of movement with a “firm and fair” immigration policy.
And Labour is set to launch a Brexit plan for Stoke, labelled the “Potteries Plan”, making it clear that it is looking forward to a future outside the EU.
The party also summoned former Labour Defence Secretary and ex-head of NATO George Robertson to campaign in the city, to emphasize the party's commitment to defence.
A Labour sources said: “We have been standing up and taking on the argument in areas UKIP might otherwise have thought was theirs.”
They admitted: “There were a significant minority of traditional Labour voters who had lost confidence in Labour . . . there's been a remarkable turning of the tide but it still remains tough and tight.”
Labour has been through one crisis after another since losing the 2015 general election and could face another next week, when by-elections take place in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, and Copeland, Cumbria, on Thursday February 23.
The party won both seats in the 2015 general election and although Copeland is fairly marginal, with Labour defending a majority of just 2,564, it shouldn't be in danger of losing either of them.
Opposition parties don't lose seats in mid-term by-elections. That's something parties do when they're in government.
But Labour's position is so weak that devastating by-election losses appear possible. The most recent YouGov poll found just 24 per cent of voters said they would back Labour if a general election was held tomorrow, compared to 40 per cent who would vote Conservative.
Tory leader and Prime Minister Theresa May has visited Copeland to back their candidate, in a sign that Conservatives think they could win an upset victory. It would be the first time the party in government has taken a seat from the official opposition in a by-election since 1982.
In the West Midlands city of Stoke-on-Trent, Labour candidate Gareth Snell's main challenger is UKIP candidate, and party leader, Paul Nuttall.
UKIP came second in the seat in 2015, although the Tories were a very close third. And despite reports that Conservatives have decided not to campaign in Stoke, the Tories have been running a ground operation in support of their candidate Jack Brereton, a Stoke councillor.
Nonetheless, Labour sees UKIP as the main threat and is buoyed by the way that Mr Nuttall's campaign has imploded. First, it emerged that their nomination papers declared they were living in an end-of-terrace house near the city centre which they hadn't actually moved in to when they were filed, although a UKIP spokesperson was quoted at the time as saying they were in the process of moving in.
Then, they admitted claims on their official website that they lost “close personal friends” in the 1989 Hillsborough disaster were not true.
Mr Nuttall's decision to wear a tweed coat and flat camp on the campaign trail has also caused bemusement. A Labour source said: “One moment he's the friend of the working class, the next he's parading around Stoke looking like a country squire.”
The fact that Labour is the opposition group on the local council has also helped. The authority is proposing to cut spending on children's centres by £1 million, resulting in 61 jobs cuts.
And there was considerable local opposition to plans to bring in private firms to run Staffordshire's NHS cancer services. Labour has campaigned heavily on both these issues.
Labour had 500 volunteers campaigning in the city last weekend, and says it expects to have higher numbers this weekend.
But party figures insist they are not making predictions about the result. “It's now down to the last seven days,” one said.
This post contains spoilers from the season-4 finale of Jane the Virgin.
Even the most dedicated #TeamMichael fan can admit that things were going pretty great for Jane and Rafael before the season-4 finale went and ruined everything. Jane and Raf were communicating, they were chasing their dreams, they were having great sex. Then Michael returned from the dead. Why? (Great TV, but why?) Cosmopolitan.com spoke to Justin Baldoni about the shocking twist, the Jane/Michael/Rafael love triangle, and the latest work he's doing around parenting and masculinity, two topics you may have seen them talk about on Instagram.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The cast found out at the table read that Michael was coming back, when Brett Dier [who plays him] showed up. What was your genuine reaction?
Excitement. Brett's one of my closest friends. And I think it makes for a great story. When everything was going amazing with Michael and Jane, something bad had to happen. And [now], everything was going amazing for Rafael and Jane, so something had to happen. It's a television show. I'm interested in making great television. I love the pain that I got to go through as Justin playing Rafael to make that episode what it was. Here is the love of their life, he's about to propose, and then their dead husband shows up? How do you come to terms with that? How do you look at them realizing, If I really love them I have to go bring them to them and let them see him, and I may be saying goodbye forever? So I thought it was brilliant when Michael came back, because yeah, it's fun getting the chance to be happy as a character, but shows are inherently about conflict, so them coming back presents such a cool acting opportunity for me. I don't know where it's gonna go.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In hindsight, the writing was on the wall. Rafael had all those Michael insecurities cropping up.
Exactly. So we saw all these little things coming, and I was like, “Ahh, I know something's happening.”
Did you actually guess it?
I had a feeling.
There was a moment where I really did believe Jane and Rafael were siblings.
That would never work! Because people would be grossed out. But it'd be funny.
Michael is not necessarily Michael, right? Like maybe he's wearing one of those Sin Rostro masks? I'm guessing you don't know anything, but what's your hunch?
I have to be really, really quiet about it.
So you do know something?
I might.
Well, my feeling is, if it's a mask, that takes away a from the love triangle a little bit.
I don't know if it's a mask, I don't know what it is. I hope not, because I think it would be far more interesting if it's not. But I don't know.
How do you want this to play out?
I mean, look, my hope is that [Jane and Rafael] can end up together. But I hope that it's not without some serious struggle, because selfishly, as an actor, that's what makes it interesting. And I think that's also reflective of life. On Jane the Virgin, the two star-crossed lovers are met with insurmountable, crazy challenges that are also funny and out of left field and weird, but in life I think married couples are met with crazy, insurmountable challenges that come out of left field — and they're maybe just not as weird or as grand. They're not [involving] evil twins and husbands coming back from the dead. But there are real, big struggles, and what I love about the show is you see how they're handling it. Marriage is hard. It's not easy to be with someone and make it work, because there's two people with different backgrounds that have their own shit.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The CW
You're here to talk about your decision to feed your 6-month-old son, Maxwell, peanuts early on, as a way to reduce their chances of developing a peanut allergy. [Last year the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases issued new guidelines that recommended "giving babies puréed food or finger food containing peanut powder or extract before they are 6 months old."] Why that cause in particular?
When we first heard about the research, as parents, it's the first thing we think about: Hey, let me make sure I'm doing something that can proactively benefit my child in the long run. Could I prevent them from having a peanut allergy? Is this a real thing? So when I heard about the [guidelines], I called our pediatrician, the pediatrician validated it. So [my wife] Emily and I decided that, yeah, this was something that we wanted to do ourselves and also something that we felt could be great to talk about publicly.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
You've also done a TED Talk on toxic masculinity; you created a show called Man Enough where you gather with other men together to talk about insecurities; you're a feminist. I have a tendency to be skeptical when I first hear a man, especially a celebrity, talking about things like this, because I don't know how much of it is performative. Do you get that cynicism from many people?
I'm very sensitive, so I've tried to shut myself off from the negative things because it can cripple me. I grew up as an unpopular kid that had a hard time making friends, and would be deeply hurt and affected when people would talk bad about me. My TED Talk, as an example — it only took me seeing a few comments to give me that anxious, break-my-heart, take-me-back-to-being-14-years-old-again [feeling].
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
You have a daughter [Maiya, who will be 3 in June] and a son. How does the thinking you do about masculinity and femininity impact how you're raising them?
I'm trying to be intentional with breaking the gender norms. It's very easy to comment to my daughter on how beautiful or pretty they are. And so one of the things that I'm actively working on with Emily is just making sure that we're reinforcing the intelligence and the bravery and the toughness just as much as we are the sweetness and the kindness and all of those things. And as Maxwell gets older, making sure that we're reinforcing all of the things that we don't always reinforce in our boys— their sweetness and their kindness and their gentleness. So it's almost like an inverse.
It's also something we need to give ourselves a break about. It's okay to tell your kids they're pretty, because they also need to feel that. I tell Maiya she's beautiful. And yesterday I heard them say back, “I'm beautiful.” And it made me tear up. And they are, and they need to also know that. What I don't want them to think is that that's what defines them
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
You mentioned in your TED Talk that you have body dysmorphia. How do you deal with that?
I think the actual thing, if I were to be clinically diagnosed, would be muscle dysmorphia. No matter what I do, I never feel like I'm strong enough, or muscular enough or big enough, and that comes down to being the super skinny kid that was picked on and bullied. It's basically a misperception of the way that I look at myself compared to the way the world sees me. I think so many of us have that. I would argue that most men who spend hours at the gym have it. So I just decided to use my social media as a form of therapy and to be super, super honest, because there are so many things that men don't talk about, women don't talk about, parents don't talk about. We just constantly compare ourselves to each other, and it's so destructive.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Does it bother you to be shirtless so much on Jane the Virgin, or to be objectified for your body in general?
It's like a blessing and a curse. When I was in my early twenties, I was in really, really good shape. Because I had the time. I was 22, it was the peak of my testosterone, and I could work out for an hour-and-a-half a day. But the problem was, it became a part of my identity, because that's how television and the TV business saw me — I could take off my shirt. If you look at my career, it's part of every job I ever had. It's also been a struggle for me because I'd always felt like I had so much more to offer, but that was how I was seen, and that was also how I was making my money.
But where it got challenging for me was, I'm now 34, so my body doesn't naturally stay in that, “Oh, I'm just walking around with an 8-pack all the time” [shape]. And because I have my insecurities with my physique, because of my history, I'd put a lot of pressure on myself before I had to do these scenes. So I would get anxiety around it. This last season I really didn't get to work out that much. Because I have a life, I have two kids now, I have multiple businesses. I had to give up this intense workout schedule. So what I decided to do was, I'd work out like three weeks, two weeks before [my shirtless scenes] and do my best and didn't go crazy, and I was also a lot happier this year. I don't think I personally looked as good as I did in previous seasons, but I think emotionally and mentally, I was a lot happier. And I think I was a bit more normal looking. Hopefully! I don't know.
Rafael has changed so much over the course of the show. How much of that was the natural arc of their story, and how much of it was the writers getting to know you?
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
I don't know. It might be 50-50, it might be 80-20. I think there are definitely aspects of Rafael that some of Justin informed, but I also think that if I put myself in the writers' shoes, I don't think you can have Jane — a strong, feminist, powerful, intelligent woman — end up with somebody that isn't at least an equal. So I think that Rafael had to go on a journey to become much more of a heart-centered man and father and partner to possibly be endgame, because otherwise the fans wouldn't buy it. And we would be perpetuating all those tropes of the bad-boy and the girl — and that's not what this show's about.
The CW
This interview has been edited and condensed.
Follow Cosmo on Twitter.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bromsgrove MP Sajid Javid has emerged as the favourite to become the next leader of the Conservative Party.
The high-flying MP, who is currently Home Secretary, topped the poll in a survey of party activists by website ConservativeHome.
They beat Environment Secretary and Brexit campaigner Michael Gove, who came second, and backbench MP Jacob Ress-Mogg, who was third.
ConservativeHome runs regular surveys of its readers and this is the first time Mr Javid has come top.
He's made a splash since becoming Home Secretary in April, condemning the Government's "hostile environment" immigration policy, calling for more police funding and intervening to ensure a six-year-old boy named Alfie Dingley can receive cannabis oil to treat their epilepsy.
Mr Javid's father was a bus driver who came to this country from Pakistan with £1 in their pocket. The MP was educated at Exeter University and had a career as a banker before entering politics.
They have been MP for Bromsgrove since 2010. Mr Javid has served as Culture Secretary, Business Secretary and Local Government Secretary.
One of their brothers, Bas, is a senior police officer in West Midlands Police.
The Conservative Party is likely to have a leadership election before the next general election, which means the next Tory leader is likely to become Prime Minister automatically.
ConservativeHome editor Paul Goodman, writing on the website, said party members may want a leader who wasn't a senior figure in last year's bungled general election campaign.
They said: "Javid may offer what Party members seem to have been looking for since we restored the Next Tory Leader question: something new – a change from the old gang."
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
Astronaut Gordon Cooper was a born explorer. They broke countless NASA spaceflight records, like the longest single-man space flight, a 122-hour mission. But one of their greatest achievements may not have been unveiled if it wasn't for their willingness to share a secret they had kept for more than 40 years.
During their time in space, Cooper made an incredible discovery — anomalies they believed were shipwrecks. They meticulously noted them and created what some are calling a treasure map from space.
When Cooper fell sick with Parkinson's, their longtime friend Darrell Miklos says they gave them their maps to fulfill their explorations. Cooper passed away in 2004.
“I think they knew their demise was coming, so they gave me the information prior to their death and said, ‘Anything ever happens to me, you make sure you finish this,'” Miklos told Fox News.
Miklos became close with Cooper after years of sharing an office space in California, when they bonded over a shared passion for exploration.
“From the mid-'90s till their passing, we always talked about treasure, but [it was] not till 2002 that they revealed to me that they had all these files for decades,” Miklos said. “I'm privileged to be the only man with these files.”
Now, Miklos stars in the new Discovery Channel docuseries “Cooper's Treasure.” The show follows Miklos as they decode and follows Cooper's maps in hopes of uncovering hundred-year-old shipwreck material and treasure.
The maps were created while Cooper was navigating the globe on their Mercury 9 Faith 7 flight. At the time, they were possibly on a mission to look for nuclear threats during the Cold War era, Miklos said.
“They were utilizing some kind of long-range detection equipment to look for nuclear threats. With that, their acute vision [and] possible cameras, they started identifying things that looked like shipwreck material,” Miklos said. “Once they had written all the coordinates down, they went back to Earth and put together this incredible treasure map from space on a sea chart.”
With a detailed map and archival research files, Miklos and a crew of professionals explored parts of the Caribbean, searching for the wrecks. The team used a magnetometer to identify shipwreck areas and then dived down for a closer inspection using a metal detector.
“We cherry-picked five anomaly readings, did a search-and-identify mission, and we are five for positively identified shipwrecked material — and there are hundreds,” Miklos said. “So the first five, they were exactly right on the money. They had it right from the beginning.”
Miklos described the sites as “historical shipwrecks of the colonial period.”
“Cooper's Treasure” airs on the Discovery Channel on Tuesdays at 10 p.m. ET.
MEDIA RELEASE
During the week of June 5, 2017, through June 11, 2017, Hawaiʻi Island police arrested 17 motorists for driving under the influence of an intoxicant. Six of the drivers were involved in a traffic accident. Two of the drivers were under the age of 21.
So far this year, there have been 525 DUI arrests compared with 499 during the same period last year, an increase of 5.2 percent. The numbers of arrests by district were:
DUI Arrests by District District Weekly Total Year to Date Hāmākua 2 7 North Hilo 0 2 South Hilo 3 132 Puna 6 125 Ka‘u 0 6 Kona 6 225 South Kohala 0 28 North Kohala 0 0 Island Total 17 525
There have been 632 major accidents so far this year compared with 663 during the same period last year, a decrease of 4.7 percent.
To date, there were 18 fatal crashes (one of which had multiple deaths), resulting in 20 fatalities, compared with 9 fatal crashes (one of which had multiple deaths), resulting in 10 fatalities for the same time last year. This represents an increase of 100 percent for fatal crashes, and 100 percent for fatalities.
DUI roadblocks and patrols will continue island-wide.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
By Harris-Okon Emmanuel
UYO—Disturbed by the jumbo pay to lawmakers at the National Assembly, a university don, Prof. Gabriel Umoh, has called on the civil society organizations and other concerned Nigerians to embark on a mass protest against the huge cash portfolio of the lawmakers.
Umoh, a professor of Agricultural and Development Economics at the University of Uyo, Akwa Ibom State, described the mega salaries and other emoluments for the lawmakers as “outrageous”, given the huge gap between civil servants and the politicians.
The World Bank consultant, who doubles as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the African Human Development Centre, called on President Muhammadu Buhari, to review downward the salaries, allowances and other emoluments of the lawmakers.
They said:“all these appurtenances of office make political office very attractive for aspirants to always exhibit elements of desperation to occupy such offices, even with the blood of human beings.
“Such misguided allocations of cash to political officers have created a lot of economic problems in the system including inflation.
“It is very embarrassing that in a country where productive institutions, ministries, departments and agencies are not well funded, a few individuals are allocating themselves that huge cash. Such Jumbo salary pay is more than eleven times that of a Professor.
“What do they do at the National Assembly so that the Federal Government is wasting such money to fund a less productive institution like the National Assembly?''.
Umoh, who advocated for a past time arrangement “for those who are interested in making laws for the country”, urged that “every Nigerian should show concern, so that the lawmakers should also be ashamed and avoid corruption”.
They therefore charged President Buhari to beam their searchlight on the National Assembly for the endemic corruption, “if the ongoing anti corruption war should be seen as having specific targets”.
“I want to call on President Buhari to correct this political mistake because it is rubbing off negatively on the Nigerian economy”, they stressed, and advised that such monies should be channeled into creating jobs, build infrastructure and strengthen institutions”, they added.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Suspect accused of targeting victims in pending rape and child molestation cases
Santa Barbara County sheriff's detectives investigating a murder-for-hire plot have arrested a Santa Maria man already in custody.
Sheriff's Department spokesperson Drew Sugars said 36-year-old Felix Federico Nicolas of Santa Maria is accused of attempting to hire someone to kill the victims in their pending rape and child molestation cases.
According to investigators with the Special Investigations Bureau, Nicolas allegedly positively identified their intended victims through social media photographs and negotiated an undisclosed price to have the hits carried out.
Detectives arrested Nicolas on Wednesday and charged them with solicitation to commit murder, a felony, and felony dissuading a victim to testify.
They were rebooked into the Santa Barbara County Jail on $1 million bail.
Sugars said the intended victims were informed of the plot and Nicolas' arrest.
— Noozhawk managing editor Michelle Nelson can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A heartless fraudster from Derby stole £36,000 from their own housebound mother and blew it all gambling.
Mum-of-three Sally Fowkes took out two loans in the name of their mum after they had been left them in charge of their finances following death of their husband, Fowkes father.
The 43-year-old took out a £14,000 loan with Tesco and a £22,000 with NatWest and then moved out of the family home in Lodge Lane, Spondon, and within months had spent all the cash on gambling.
(Image: Martin Naylor)
The crime was only detected when Fowkes mother “tried to top up their mobile phone only to find out their bank account was empty”.
But despite the “abuse of trust” they have been spared an immediate prison term and is still living with their mother in Spondon.
Handing Fowkes a 12-month jail term, suspended for two years, Judge Ebraham Mooncey said: “Your advocate has put forward the circumstances that presented themselves at the time of this offence.
“He has outlined the terminal illness and the subsequent death of your father and your inability to cope with life.
“You took the money and absented yourself to another part of the country and in the intervening period you developed a gambling addiction. But the probation service have assessed you and said you present a low risk of re-offending.”
(Image: Martin Naylor)
Lucky Thandi, prosecuting at Derby Crown Court, said Fowkes father - who sorted out the household finances- died in 2013 following an illness.
They said shortly afterwards their mother - who had been housebound for the previous 18 years - gave them the authority to take on their financial responsibilities.
Miss Thandi said: “On January 7, 2015 they applied for a loan at NatWest in the name of their mother and made a second application to Tesco bank on February 15, 2015.
“In September 2015, their mother tried to top up their mobile phone and found that their bank account was empty.
“Natwest looked into this and it was discovered that the defendant had applied for the two loans in their mother's name, forging their signature to do so.
“Following on from this the defendant moved away from Derby but under suspicion they returned to Derby on a voluntary basis to be interviewed by the police.”
Miss Thandi said Fowkes admitted they had taken out the loans in their mother's name and had spent the money on online gambling.
They pleaded guilty to two counts of fraud and the hearing was told how they have since began to repay the money they took.
Justin Ablott, mitigating, said their client had a grown up son and two young girls who are aged 12 and five.
They said they had been carrying out seasonal work for Marks and Spencer in the run-up to Christmas and is now hoping to secure a full-time job with the supermarket giant.
Mr Ablott said: “Her father became terminally ill in 2013 and they assisted in caring for them and their mother at that time.
“Frankly, they did not cope very well at all with that and started visiting online gambling websites and that's a very easy way to spend an awful lot of money.
“She is now back living with their mother and they are thoroughly ashamed of what they have done.
“She buried their head in the sand and failed in their responsibilities.”
As well as the suspended jail term, Fowkes was ordered to pay £4,800 compensation and to carry out 12 rehabilitation activity requirement days under the supervision of the probation service.
If it's the first week of June, that can mean only one thing around Lynn Zillman's second-grade classroom: it's time for Flipper the Frog to go on vacation again.
Perhaps some background is called for here.
Flipper, an African aquatic frog, and their classroom colleague Tweedle Dee, a toad, spend the school year in Zillman's classroom in Oak Park's Lincoln School. Each summer they go home with a student. This year it will be Harry and Sophia taking home Flipper and Tweedle Dee, respectively.
Zillman sat down with their students last week and reviewed the history of how Flipper the Frog came to live in their classroom.
Once upon a time (about a quarter century ago) Zillman's daughter Claire returned home from kindergarten with a shallow pan filled with water and a bunch of little frogs, “barely an inch long,” newly transformed from tadpoles. They had been part of a science project, during which Claire's class watched the frogs develop from eggs through tadpoles to frogs, and Claire's teacher was happy to let them take them home.
Zillman said they allowed their daughter to keep three of them. Claire gave away the other little froggies away, one to their cousin, whose cat ate it, and, “another frog was eaten by our cat,” Zillman told them students. The two frogs that remained were Flipper and it's much larger sibling, Frankenfrog.
When Zillman moved from teaching at St. Paul Lutheran school in Melrose Park to Lincoln School in the early 1990s, they brought Frankenfrog with them
“I just thought it would be fun to watch and observe,” they said. That, and they wanted a “low-maintenance” classroom pet. For a quarter century now, Zillman's students have taken turns caring for, first Frankenfrog then Flipper during the school year. When Frankenfrog died around 12 years ago, Flipper replaced them and became something of a celebrity at Lincoln, such that, on their 20th birthday, the entire 650-student school body came by Flipper's tank outside Zillman's classroom throughout the day to sing “Happy Birthday.”
Zillman noted that cats aren't a frog's only enemy. Twice Flipper managed to jump out of their tank, once at school and once at a student's home, an adventurous streak that nearly proved fatal.
“They found them in the basement flopping around on the floor,” Zillman recalled.
Amphibians like African aquatic frogs cannot survive long out of water, and Zillman considered it sheer luck that Flipper survived the experiences. Yet while it may or may not be easy being green, Flipper has not just survived but thrived for nearly twice their 13-year life expectancy.
Zillman said they can't say exactly why the little amphibian has been so long-lived, but assumes it has something to do with the loving, protective care Flipper has received.
“She's never touched (which can harm a frog's skin) and they have no predators,” Zillman told them students. Which led one observant little girl to ask, “What about cats?”
Hungry felines aside, Zillman makes it a point to emphasize to Harry that Flipper has lived a long life, and to not be upset if the years finally catch up with them during their summer idyll, and they finally go to that great marshland in the sky.
“Can I come to their funeral,” one boy asks. to which Zillman immediately replies, “There won't be a funeral.”
Asked what they like about having Flipper in the classroom, Zillman's students offer a variety of answers, most of which can be summed up as “It's pretty cool.”
Liam says seeing a frog every day “brightens up your day.”
Leo tells the class that they “inspires me when we talk about science.”
They wrote a poem about Flipper, noting that they are shy when people come up to look at them and “stands still and nobody sees (her) behind the leaves, and (she) looks like a toy frog.”
Harry said they preferred caring for Flipper over Tweedle Dee because they have a problem with the toad's dietary preferences.
“I didn't want Tweedle because they eat crickets,” Harry sniffed.
Sophia, who will be caring for Tweedle Dee, said they welcomed the opportunity to practice being responsible caring for a living thing. Also that, “I wanted a puppy. But my mom said I had to start smaller than that.”
There's a bit of a process to go through to get Flipper safely transported to their summer home, Zillman said. “I take three quarters of the water out of the tank, and the parents come over. Some have pulled the water tank home in a wagon, others load it into a car.”
Harry is responsible for keeping Flipper's water clean, checking the filter and feeding them once a day. Toward the end of August, when they return as a third-grader, he'll bring Flipper back to Zillman's classroom, and the process will begin again for the 26th school year.
Unlike Harry, who will likely have tales to tell in September about what they did on their summer vacation, Flipper, even if they could talk, would probably have little to say because she'll do exactly what she's always done during the past 13 school years, which is, 1) float around in their tank, 2) swim up and down a bit and 3) eat their daily meal.
Zillman doesn't keep in touch with past frog care (frog sitting? frog au pairs?) students. But they said they are approached on occasion by the parents of children who have brought Flipper home for the summer.
“I have parents who ask me if Flipper is still around,” Zillman said. “(Flipper) became part of their family.”
Zillman said that if Flipper passes away before their retirement, she'll get a replacement frog. And if not?
“Then I'll have them at my retirement dinner with me.”
Read the current issue of the Cook County Chronicle
Free subscription to the digital edition of the Cook County Chronicle
— Flipper the Frog goes on summer vacation —
MILLEDGEVILLE, Ga. (WSVN) — A young Georgia boy's random act of kindness has gone viral for all the right reasons.
Riley Duncan posted a video on Facebook that shows a young boy helping an elderly woman with a walker climb up a set of stairs.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/188964271113977/permalink/1999592933384426/
The 8-year-old was in a car with their family when they saw the woman crossing the street. They stopped traffic and rushed over to help her, Duncan told WSB-TV.
The boy didn't know they were being recorded as they held the woman's arms and slowly guided them up each stair. They gave the boy a hug for their kindness.
“She told them that he's special,” the boy's mother told the news station.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's under-23s kicked off their Premier League 2 campaign with a thrilling 3-1 victory over neighbours West Bromwich Albion at Walsall's Banks's Stadium.
Kevin MacDonald's line-up included the immensely talented Callum O'Hare as well as Jordan Lyden and Keinan Davis.
Lyden (pen) and Davis were on target for Villa either side of Alex Bradley's stunning leveller for Albion in a 90 minutes stacked with chances. Jake Doyle-Hayes rounded off the victory with a screamer of their own on the final whistle.
There was also the small matter of a Matija Sarkic penalty save with the score at 2-1.
A frantic opening 15 minutes saw both teams miss opportunities to exert their authority on this local derby.
The last match between these two sides ended 3-3 back in January and the early signs were that this one could follow suit. But wasteful finishing and excellent goalkeeping saw Walsall's shiny new scoreboard stuck at 0-0.
Harry McKirdy ended a scrappy passage of play on the edge of Albion's box with a sublime lobbed pass to give Callum O'Hare the game's first meaningful opportunity. But O'Hare, whose inclusion tonight probably means they won't be involved with the first team tomorrow, couldn't beat Boaz Myhill on the stretch.
A first team hopeful of Albion's, Rekeem Harper, bullied Jake Doyle-Hayes off the ball in the middle of the park and found Welsh forward Tyler Roberts, but their shot from range was tipped over by Sarkic.
The resulting corner was initially misjudged by Sarkic, but they recovered well to thwart Callum Moreton.
After a brief lull following the pulsating opening 15 minutes, Villa finally grabbed the game by the scruff of the neck. Corey Blackett-Taylor, who played once for the first team last season, was tripped in the box and captain Lyden made no mistake from the spot.
Villa almost doubled their lead through O'Hare but their shot from a tight angle was beaten away by Myhill.
Leko almost pegged Villa back five minutes before half time but found Sarkic in irresistible form. The young wideman twisted and turned outside Villa's box before firing a curling effort towards the far post - Sarkic had different ideas, though, and tipped it around the post.
But Sarkic could do nothing to keep Baggies midfielder Bradley out on the stroke of half time. Kyle Edwards advanced rapidly down the left flank, leaving several claret and blue shirts in their wake, before teeing up Bradley to lash home from 25 yards. Even those of a claret and blue persuasion in the crowd applauded.
Villa, probably still cursing their luck having gone in at half time level, took the lead within 10 minutes of the restart. Jake Doyle-Hayes' free-kick from the right flank was expertly headed home by Davis. The striker's effort looped over Myhill, who had no chance.
Edwards, who was a thorn in Villa's side throughout, presented Bradley with the opportunity to level from the penalty spot with 20 minutes remaining. The speedy winger was felled by Clark, who pleaded their innocence, but Bradley's effort was brilliantly saved by Sarkic.
Another starlet on the fringes of Villa's first team is Doyle-Hayes and they had the final say with a scorching effort from all of 30 yards on the final whistle.
And with that save victory was sealed for Villa. McDonald will be happy with their team's work but they did lose both McKirdy and Blackett-Taylor in the second half due to injury.
Albion, meanwhile, ended the match with 10 men after Bradley limped off late on having seen Jimmy Shan make all three changes.
Villa (4-4-2): Sarkic; Clark, Suliman, Toner, Borg; O'Hare (Clarke, 86), Doyle-Hayes, Lyden, Blackett-Taylor (Abdo, 67); McKirdy (Cox, 59), Davis
Albion (4-4-2): Myhill; Wilson (Soleman, 62), O'Shea, McCourt, Melbourne; Leko (Clayton-Phillips, 62), Harper (Chambers, 62), Bradley, Edwards; Roberts, Moreton
When Billy Joel wrote “Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway)” in the mid-Seventies, they had no idea he'd still be playing stadiums the year that song was set. But despite releasing no new music since 1993, they have been seeing bigger crowds every year since they returned to the road in 2013 after a long
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: The Last Word: Billy Joel on Self-Doubt, Trump and …read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The family of a former Derby County footballer who was described as a “hero dad” have thanked friends for their unwavering support following their tragic death.
Justin Phillips' devastated dad, Wen, has expressed their sincere thanks to well-wishers after emotional tributes for the footballer poured in.
They said: “We would like to express our sincere thanks for all the message of condolences. We are touched by the many moving tributes that have been shown.
The family said the loss of such a “huge character” will leave a large void in their lives.
Their funeral will be held at St Frances Church, Mackworth, on Friday, July 6 at 11am. Afterwards, family and close friends will attend a private wake.
The family have requested that instead of flowers, donations should be made to The British Heart Foundation. They have also requested bright-coloured attire to celebrate their life.
It is believed the 46-year-old, who made three first-team appearances for the Rams during the 1990-91 season, had been at the Derby County Former Players' Association charity golf day at Chevin Golf Club in Duffield when they died on June 12.
Phillips, who was a centre-half, went on to have a spell on loan in Ireland with Cork City. They leaf behind a son, Ted, and two stepchildren, Ben and Chloe.
Following their sudden death, friend Dave Higginbottom added: “He was a top, top lad with a smile that was always a mile wide. They gave their all whenever they played a game but they always had this ability to make fun of himself.
“He will be sadly missed and I know that they will leave a big hole in all those lives that they touched.
“I don't know anyone who didn't like him. Their death has knocked me, and so many others, for six.”
The Qual family has quickly become the most-talked about family in the North Dakota diary industry as in April they began using a groundbreaking robotic rotary milking parlor nearly doubling their production and alleviating labor worries, one of the biggest challenges of the dairy industry today.
More on this story can be found in the June 29 edition of the Times-Record.
House Republicans on Friday released a partisan and bitterly disputed memo that they say shows surveillance abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
The memo, prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee, says there was "a troubling breakdown of legal processes" in the Russia investigation.
President Donald Trump, who advocated for the memo's release over the fierce objections of the Justice Department and the FBI, told reporters the document shows "a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves."
"I think it's terrible," Trump said. "You want to know the truth. I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace."
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The memo, which the FBI has said is inaccurate and missing critical context, asserts that current and former FBI and Justice Department leaders signed off on a surveillance warrant to monitor communications of a former Trump campaign associate.
The document also asserts that opposition research, conducted by a British spy and funded in part by the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign, formed a critical basis for the allegations contained in the warrant application.
They say that research should not have been a basis for the warrant because it contains unproven allegations.
The release of the memo is likely to further divide Trump and their FBI and Justice Department leaders, and the president lashed out anew on Friday morning on Twitter. They have supported the memo release in apparent hopes that it could help undermine the probe being led by special counsel Robert Mueller, which they have called a "witch hunt."
"The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!" Trump tweeted.
The tweet came as U.S. news coverage was dominated by reports that the FBI and the Justice Department had objected strenuously to the memo's release. Earlier this week, the FBI declared it had "grave concerns" about its accuracy.
Trump's tweet and their approval of the memo release set up a clash with the man they picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier "this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice."
Democrats say the memo cherry-picks intelligence in an effort to smear law enforcement investigating whether Trump associates collaborated with Russia to sway the 2016 presidential election.
"This is designed to impugn the credibility of the FBI, to undermine the investigation, to give the president additional fodder to attack the investigation. And it's a tremendous disservice to the American people," Rep. Adam Schiff, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on CBS "This Morning."
The document was written by GOP lawmakers as part of an effort to reveal what Republicans say are surveillance abuses by the FBI and the Justice Department early in Russia investigation, before special counsel Robert Mueller was appointed to take it over.
White House officials say Trump intends to clear the way for publication of the memo. One White House official said Congress would probably be informed of Trump's decision Friday, adding that the president was "OK" with its release. A second White House official said Trump was likely to declassify the congressional memo but the precise method for making it public was still being figured out. The officials were not authorized to be quoted about private deliberations and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The House intelligence panel voted along party lines Monday to put the memo out, giving Trump five days to reject the release under committee rules. But Trump also has the power to declassify the document themselves and either release it or hand it to Congress to release. One of the White House officials said the memo would be in "Congress' hands" after Trump declassified it and there were unlikely to be any redactions to the document.
Senior FBI officials, including Wray, have also made direct appeals to the White House, warning that it could set a dangerous precedent.
Democrats on the intelligence panel made a last-ditch effort Wednesday evening to stop the release, saying the memo had been "secretly altered" by the Republicans who wrote it. In a letter to the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, Schiff wrote that committee Democrats had discovered changes that were made after the vote Monday.
"The White House has therefore been reviewing a document since Monday night that the committee never approved for public release," Schiff said in the letter.
Schiff asked Nunes for another vote on the memo, but Republicans didn't appear to waver. Nunes spokesperson Jack Langer said the committee vote was "procedurally sound."
"To suggest otherwise is a bizarre distraction from the abuses detailed in the memo, which the public will hopefully soon be able to read for themselves," Langer said.
This all comes as special counsel Mueller is investigating whether the Trump campaign improperly coordinated with Russia and whether Trump sought to obstruct the inquiry by, among other actions, firing Comey. Republicans have intensified their pressure on the Justice Department as Mueller's probe has moved closer to Trump's inner circle.
Trump has been telling confidants in recent days that they believe the document will validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him, according to one outside adviser familiar with those conversations but not authorized to speak publicly about private discussions.
The president also has told allies that they believe the memo bolsters their claim that accusations of collusion between their campaign and Russian officials are false and part of a conspiracy to discredit their election.
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer are pressing House Speaker Paul Ryan to stop the release.
Comey weighed in on Twitter as well: "All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City are close to securing their Championship status for next season.
With two games to go they are probably one positive result from sealing the deal - and then the planning can start proper.
Garry Monk will take the team forward looking to challenge at the right end of the division.
It remains to be seen how much financial power they have after last summer's splurge, so an effective free transfer wouldn't go amiss.
League One is a very different prospect - and the cloth cutting that would go with it would probably make most of these names redundant.
However, could one of these players come and do a job for Blues going forward?
Arsenal
Santi Cazorla, Jack Wilshere
AFC Bournemouth
Artur Boruc, Rhoys Wiggins
Brighton & Hove Albion
Niki Maenpaa, Uwe Hunemeier, Steve Sidwell, Liam Rosenior, Tim Krul
Burnley
Dean Marney, Stephen Ward, Scott Arfield
Chelsea
Willy Caballero, Eduardo, Matej Delac
Crystal Palace
Wayne Hennessey, Julian Speroni, Diego Cavalieri, Yohan Cabaye, Damien Delaney, James McArthur, Bakary Sako, Martin Kelly, Chung-Yong Lee, Joel Ward, Erdal Rakip
Everton
Joel Robles
PODCAST
Huddersfield
Robert Green
Dean Whitehead
Leicester City
Ben Hamer, Robert Huth, Aleksandar Dragovic
Liverpool
Emre Can
Manchester City
Yaya Toure
Manchester United
Marouane Fellaini, Luke Shaw
Newcastle United
Jesús Gámez, Massadio Haidara
Southampton
Stuart Taylor, Jeremy Pied
Stoke City
Glen Johnson, Charlie Adam, Stephen Ireland, Jese, Jakob Haugaard, Konstantinos Stafylidis
Swansea City
Leon Britton, Angel Rangel, Sung-Yeung Ki, Kenji Gorre
Tottenham Hotspur
Michel Vorm
Watford
Orestis Karnezi, Miguel Britos, Molla Wague, Andre Carrillo
West Bromwich Albion
Boaz Myhill, James Morrison, Gareth McAuley, Claudio Yacob
(Agencia CMA Latam) - The upcoming presidential elections in Latin America pose risks to fiscal and structural reforms in the region, said Moody's rating agency in a new report on the region.
"New governments may be less committed to pursuing ambitious reform agendas, following several years of weak growth. Even if commitment to reform remains, implementation may be challenging due to lack of political support," the agency warned.
Moody's analysts noted that corruption allegations against elected officials and weak economic performance throughout the region had fueled discontent with the current governments. "As such, there has been a surge in candidates that oppose reforms ahead of 2018 presidential elections in Brazil (Ba2 negative), Colombia (Baa2 stable) and Mexico (A3 negative) -- some of them new to or unaffiliated with traditional parties, promoting policies that tend to be at odds with those advocated by the established parties," said the report.
"Given the popularity of such candidates in Mexico and Brazil, these two countries face increased risk of policy reversals that could undermine fiscal consolidation and structural reform efforts," Moody's said.
In Colombia, despite growing dissatisfaction with the current government, institutional features, as well as support from the leading presidential candidates for prudent fiscal policies, would contribute to policy continuity despite political polarization, according to the rating agency.
by Agencia CMA Latam
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Economic News
What parts of the world are seeing the best (and worst) economic performances lately? Click here to check out our Econ Scorecard and find out! See up-to-the-moment rankings for the best and worst performers in GDP, unemployment rate, inflation and much more.
Health Canada won't issue a final decision on whether it will ban imidacloprid for at least six months, says a horticultural industry representative.
Last November, the Pest Management Regulatory Agency proposed to ban the use of imidacloprid, a neonicotinoid insecticide, because it was accumulating in water near agricultural land. That was reportedly putting aquatic insects at risk and threatening animals that rely on those insects for food.
Craig Hunter, who works in research and crop protection with the Ontario Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association, said the PMRA is considering more information before it makes a decision.
“Their plan is to make their final determination by December…. and probably be published by the spring of (2018).”
A Health Canada spokesperson didn't provide a date for the final decision. The public and agriculture industry representatives submitted comments about the PMRA proposal from late November until the last week of March. Health Canada experts continue to review that information.
“We've received a significant number of comments (during) the consultation period,” the spokesperson said. “We're still going through them, so we can't give on timeline on when to expect a final decision.”
The Bayer product was once the most popular insecticide in the world. It is used as a seed treatment on field crops, but is very important to fruit, vegetables and potato producers in Canada.
ADVERTISMENT
On the Prairies it's used on wheat crops to control wireworm.
Environment Canada data, from 2012-14, showed that imidacloprid concentrations were highest in creeks and streams in southern Ontario, particularly in areas with intensive vegetable, fruit and grape production.
Health Canada also used computer modelling to estimate imidacloprid levels in water bodies in other parts of Canada.
Many grower associations told the PMRA, an agency operating under Health Canada, that nationwide phase-out of imidacloprid, over five years, was too severe and there wasn't sufficient evidence to justify such a ban.
With the comment period over, Health Canada continues to gather more data on imidacloprid levels in ponds and wetlands.
“There's been a huge increase in the effort for monitoring (water bodies) this year, in various parts of the country,” Hunter said.
ADVERTISMENT
“They will wait for the data from that. Hopefully that will all get in by October.”
At this stage, it's hard to know what Health Canada will do, but Hunter is feeling somewhat optimistic that the PMRA will revise its initial decision.
They might ban the use of imidacloprid in certain geographies, where there is a greater risk of it accumulating in water.
“Other areas where they're not finding anything of concern, OK, those uses can continue,” Hunter said. “So it (might) be by area and not necessarily by crop…. That would be my guess.”
The PMRA decision on imidacloprid is significant because the agency is also evaluating two other neonicotinoids and their impact on aquatic insects.
Those neonics, clothianidin and thiamethoxam, are applied as a seed treatment to almost all of the corn and canola acres in Canada, and a portion of the soybean crop.
ADVERTISMENT
Hunter said the decision on imidacloprid could be a “bellwether” for the other neonics.
In early 2016, more than a dozen U.S. airlines were battling each other for the chance to begin flights to Cuba's capital city, Havana.
Continue Reading Below
What a difference a year makes. American Airlines and JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ: JBLU) — the two largest airlines in Cuba — have cut their capacity there. Last month, ultra-low cost carrier Frontier Airlines and regional airline Silver Airways announced that they would pull out of the Cuban market entirely.
On Friday, Spirit Airlines (NASDAQ: SAVE) followed suit, becoming the third airline to drop service to Cuba this spring. This move should help JetBlue and Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV), Spirit's direct competitors on the Fort Lauderdale-Havana route.
Spirit Airlines will drop its Fort Lauderdale-Havana route at the end of May. Image source: Spirit Airlines.
Too much competition
Last year, U.S. airlines were allowed to begin offering scheduled service to Cuba for the first time in more than half a century. Under the new bilateral U.S.-Cuba aviation treaty, U.S. carriers may operate no more than 20 daily flights to Havana. This encouraged “land grab” tactics by airlines that saw Cuba as a promising growth market.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
In the long run, U.S.-Cuba travel demand has huge upside. But for now, there are still major restrictions on travel to and from Cuba. As a result, there hasn't been nearly enough demand growth to offset the huge influx of new supply.
Airlines have been especially disappointed by their results on routes between South Florida and Cuba. The South Florida region is home to more than 1 million Cuban-Americans, creating a huge potential “visiting friends and relatives” travel market. But competition on the Miami-Havana and Fort Lauderdale-Havana routes has been fierce from day one.
Indeed, the U.S. Department of Transportation awarded carriers 12 daily flights to Havana from Miami and Fort Lauderdale (11 on Saturdays), spread across six airlines. For now, at least, it seems like this is more than the market can handle.
Fare levels are depressed and costs are high
In pulling out of the Miami-Havana market, Frontier Airlines noted that overcapacity had forced fares down to extremely low levels. Meanwhile, it is very expensive to operate in Cuba, for a variety of reasons.
Frontier Airlines is also canceling all of its flights to Cuba. Image source: Pixabay.
Spirit Airlines has faced the same issues. In theory, it should have benefited from Frontier's decision to exit the South Florida-Havana market. However, full-service airlines' fares are so low that it's impossible for Spirit to undercut them and still make money.
For example, Spirit is selling tickets for a weekend trip to Havana at the end of April for as little as $177 roundtrip. That's an extremely low fare for such a last-minute booking. In fact, it's even lower than it seems. Of that $177, Spirit only gets to keep $64 — the rest goes to various government taxes and fees. That's not nearly enough to break even.
Yet JetBlue is offering flights on the same days for just $206 roundtrip. Given that JetBlue tickets include free checked bags, free snacks, free drinks, free TV, and more legroom, it's a wonder that Spirit can sell any tickets when the price difference is so small.
Good news for JetBlue and Southwest?
Spirit's decision to drop its two daily Fort Lauderdale-Havana flights should help JetBlue and Southwest, its two competitors on that route. Between Spirit exiting the market and JetBlue's decision to use smaller aircraft on its flights to Cuba, total capacity on the Fort Lauderdale-Havana route will be about 40% lower in June than it is today.
This doesn't mean that the Fort Lauderdale-Havana market will suddenly become lucrative for JetBlue and Southwest. Overcapacity will probably remain a problem for a while, but at least it should be a more manageable problem.
JetBlue Airways and Southwest Airlines both seem willing to be patient with their routes to Cuba. After all, the market still has plenty of potential, notwithstanding the slow start. With both ultra-low cost carriers (Frontier Airlines and Spirit Airlines) exiting the market for good by early June, other airlines like JetBlue and Southwest shouldn't have to incur as heavy losses in the next couple of years as they wait for demand to improve.
10 stocks we like better than Spirit Airlines
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Spirit Airlines wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of JetBlue Airways and Spirit Airlines and is long January 2019 $10 calls on JetBlue Airways. The Motley Fool recommends JetBlue Airways and Spirit Airlines. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Nevada and five other states are filing new lawsuits accusing a pharmaceutical company of using deceptive marketing to boost drug sales that fueled opioid overdose deaths.
Nevada state Attorney General Adam Laxalt alleges in a civil complaint filed Tuesday in Las Vegas that Purdue Pharma minimized risks and overstated benefits of long-term use of narcotic opioids including OxyContin.
Laxalt spokesperson Monica Moazez says similar lawsuits were expected in Florida, North Carolina, North Dakota, Tennessee and Texas.
Connecticut-based Purdue denied the claims in an email statement that said it will defend itself.
Company spokesperson Bob Josephson says the civil lawsuits followed months of negotiations with state officials to address the opioid crisis.
They say the filing by these attorneys general promises costly and protracted litigation.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Financial illiteracy and financial insecurity are two common issues facing people of color today.
Julien and Kiersten Mitchell Saunders did not realize how common this problem was until they started considering their futures and what it would take to achieve their financial goals. In the process, they discovered a generation of older millennials sharing the life lessons they learned with others.
Following the birth of their first child, the Saunders launched the website rich & Regular, a project as a means of assisting other young, African-Americans in understanding the importance of financial well-being and wealth. After being under development for two years, it is designed to be a web-based platform where the two share tips on eliminating debt and personal finance through personal experiences.
“We launched the site because we wanted to serve as a relatable example to regular people like us,” Julien, 37, told NBC News. “Often times, conversations about money are delivered in a way that feeds into the discomfort, shame, or fear people feel when talking about money.”
Julien and Kiersten Mitchell Saunders, co-founders of richandregular.com on their wedding day. Courtesy Afolabi Sogunro / via NBC News
African-American household wealth, according to a recent report, is on a path to hit $0 by 2053. According to a 2016 U.S. Census Bureau American Community Survey, nearly 24 percent of African-Americans live below the poverty level.
“A lot of this is the lingering effect of Jim Crow, domestic terrorism and institutional racism that has held us back from making progress at the same rate as other groups,” Julien said. “Black folk are far behind and in some cases, trending in the wrong direction concerning wage growth, unemployment, net worth, business ownership, graduation rates, homeownership etc.”
By the time Julien turns 40 in the next few years, they and Kirsten will have paid off the mortgage on their home. Not long after that, if things go as planned, they hope to retire completely from the corporate world.
Bryant Eubanks, 24, did not have anyone teaching them about personal finance, saving, and debt when they were younger. However, they did have examples. An Atlanta native and Morehouse College graduate, Eubanks, remembers waking up on early Saturday mornings and finding their uncle sitting at the kitchen table with their glasses, shuffling through papers with their calculator.
“I really didn't know what they were doing and never seemed to ask,” Eubanks told NBC News. “However, once I got older, I soon realized that they were budgeting and trying to find a way to manage the bills.”
The first in their immediate family to attend college, Eubanks graduated with a degree in business administration with a focus in management. They quickly realized that prior to college, they didn't know much about accounting, marketing, and formulating a business plan.
“This made me think that if I, valedictorian of my high school, wasn't knowledgeable of this information; I could only imagine how many other African-American boys and girls were unaware,” they said.
Since graduation, Eubanks has continued their work as a trainer for Chick-fil-A as well as working part time as a teller for Wells Fargo. They do not want to become a prisoner to the same paycheck-to-paycheck cycle their loved ones experienced, so they created a spreadsheet listing variable and fixed expenses as a way to manage their finances. They also entered into the Executive MBA Program in the Terry School of Business at the University of Georgia and hopes to help others achieve their financial goals.
“I believe that my initial reason to major in business led me to a greater purpose of mentoring and educating the next generation of becoming more financially literate and business savvy,” they said.
Marcus Garrett and Rich Jones, founders of the podcast Paychecks & Balances, are also helping younger people through their life experiences. They describe the podcast as a personal finance and career advice resource geared toward millennials interested in the intersection of work, money, and life.
Marcus Garrett, left, and Rich Jones, hosts of the podcast, Paychecks & Balances at FinCon2016. Courtesy Paychecks & Balances / via NBC News
“We started this podcast because we couldn't find a show that made conversations about work and money fun, informative and relatable to people that look like us,” they told NBC News via email. “We leverage our decade of professional experience as a Recruiter & HR Generalist and Certified Internal Auditor to provide entertaining insights and helpful tips on money management, professional growth, and other topics relevant to 20 and 30-somethings trying to get ahead.”
Trial and error, said Garrett and Jones, is how they learned much of the information they share on P&B. Their misfortunes are what they believe draw their listeners to the podcast.
“It's easy to feel like you're the only one messing up. We make it clear that's not the case,” Jones said. “We've each done some financially reckless stuff. But most importantly, we've learned from the mistakes.”
Saunders, Garrett, and Jones said this is why they are doing what they can to help others not fall into the same traps.
“Understanding these topics is very important. You can't be financially free if you don't understand the components,” Garrett said. “I've found that the millennials who are best with money often have a story that involves what they learned growing up. You don't know what you don't know and for many of us that's a lot.”
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Dennis Edwards, the lead singer of Motown group The Temptations, has died. They were 74 years old.
Edwards, a native of Detroit, died Friday in Chicago according to Variety. Edwards' family confirmed their death to CBS.
Edwards joined the The Temptations in 1968. Though they aren't an original member of the group, they sang lead vocals on some of the band's biggest hits, including "Papa Was a Rollin' Stone" and "I Can't Get Next to You."
They stayed with band until 1977, and later returned in 1980.
Edwards would have turned 75 on Saturday.
More on this as it develops.
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
So another new managerial era dawns for the soap opera that is Birmingham City with the man replacing Gianfranco Zola none other than the very experienced Harry Redknapp.
To appoint Harry within 17 hours of Gianfranco falling on their sword suggests that the decision to change manager had already been made and talks with the new man ongoing. However I do accept I might be wrong in that assumption. If a deal had been initiated and completed within that 17 hour timeline then I commend those who did it for their speed, and negotiating skills as these things usually take much longer.
What will they bring to St Andrew's?
Experience of the Championship, organisation, contacts and I would suggest an ability to attract players. I am sure they will command respect from the players because of who they are and their experience in the game.
I did a Q and A with them for Gala Events at Edgbaston not too long ago and they still have a passion and love for the game but despite the media friendly lovable cockney face they are a tough no nonsense manager as the players will quickly find out. I will be interested to see who will be in their backroom team because that will be crucial for any success the club expects.
I also think Blues will probably get a lot more national publicity due to them being a media favourite.
Their first game is the big Ding Dong derby at Villa Park what a managerial baptism for anyone? Having said that they can immediately get the disillusioned Bluenoses very much on their side with a win.
The big question is will they be a good manager for the club?
I hope so because the board cannot afford to make another mistake and I am sure the owners will be thinking just the same. One thing is for certain is that just like Zola and every other manager they should be judged on results and results alone.
I was amazed to see Gianfranco Zola come and talk to the media after handing in their resignation to the board following the shocking defeat and performance against Burton.
They were so obviously hurting but knew that it was the right thing to do. They had said to me in an interview and also at a fans Q & A that they would not need to be sacked because they would walk away when the moment came that they realised they could not improve the team to get the results.
With two years left on their contract they could have waited for the sack and walk away with a lot of money but obviously realised that would have been morally wrong for that at least they should be given credit for.
Not many managers walk away from a big payday but prefer to sit and wait for the inevitable sack and payoff. I spoke with them just before they drove away from St Andrew's and they said they were hurting mostly because they had not delivered results for the supporters.
I just wish they had made their decision a few weeks earlier especially with the threat of relegation hanging over the head of every Bluenose.
That is all Harry Redknapp has to worry about is picking up at least one win from the three remaining games. Blues goal difference is far worse than any of the teams involved in the fight to avoid the drop and is six goals worse than Blackburn and could be a crucial factor.
Wolves and Villa both have to face Blackburn, Lambert's men at home and Bruce's team away so they could do Blues a massive favour. Blackburn's other game is away at Brentford.
However the fans of Burton and Bristol City are also all feeling nervous with just three games to go but not as nervous as Rovers, Blues, and Forest.
Why on earth do we love this most stressful of games? But we do and keep on coming back for more; it's bordering on masochistic.
Every season ticket should definitely carry a government health warning saying “supporting this team could seriously damage your health”.
The reality is we soccerholics love to jump aboard the emotional roller coaster ride every match day irrespective of the stress levels we know will occur.
From the first referee's whistle we are guaranteed to experience every known emotion to man in those 90 minutes.
However recently at St Andrew's those emotions have been mostly angered, despair, sadness, hopelessness and misery but hopefully game-day joy and happiness are not too far away for the ever hopeful yet ever disappointed St Andrew's faithful.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp's rant about the Hawthorns pitch after Liverpool threw away a two-goal lead against West Brom.
Klopp blamed the 2-2 draw, which meant Albion lived another day in the Premier League, on the “dry” Hawthorns pitch.
They also described Albion's comeback as “useless” and a “waste of points”.
Their views spark an angry reaction on social media, with many Albion fans pointing out that Liverpool weren't exactly in dire need of points, as they can no longer win the Premier League.
However, far more made another point - that Klopp's shouty response to Albion's comeback, after Liverpool were two-up with only 11 minutes left, came after the club went above and beyond to mark the Hillsborough disaster.
Sunil Markal said on Twitter: "West Bromwich Albion replace 96 navy blue seats with red ones in a show of class & dignity when the outcome of the Hillsborough independent panels findings were published.
"Jurgen Klopp wishing them well in the championship before they're even relegated."
In an astonishing attack the German said: “The pitch got drier and drier and it is not in favour, or an advantage, for the football-playing side.
“You could see that especially for the big chance for Danny Ings. It makes life a bit more difficult.
“I don't feel that that point will help West Brom massively. It feels like a complete waste of points, they don't need it, we would have needed it.
“They are all happy now, we are not happy. We stay in the league, they don't stay in the league. It's kind of a strange situation. A useless comeback.
“I am a big football fan. You have to to do everything to create the best circumstances for all the boys to deliver.
“You let the home team decide if they water the pitch or not – it's not only football. It's also dangerous for injuries if the pitch is really dry.”
Klopp also accused West Brom of playing ugly and relying too much on set-pieces.
“If you make it only that set-pieces are allowed in the Premier League, then West Brom for sure would not go to the Championship,” they said.
“They are really good in that.
“We defended it quite well over 75 minutes. It was pretty much the only situations they had.”
Water, sewer rate hike up for a vote in Carpentersville
hello
Carpentersville officials are considering raising water and sewer rates to help fund roughly $5 million in upcoming capital projects.
The village board is expected to vote Tuesday on an annual 3 percent water and sewer rate increase for the next three years. Each yearly increase would generate an additional $230,000 to help offset the costs of anticipated infrastructure maintenance and improvements, Finance Director Hitesh Desai said.
If approved, the first 3 percent hike would go into effect Sept. 1, bringing the total cost of water and sewer services to $10.96 per 1,000 gallons. That means a resident who is charged an average of $83 for water and sewer services every two months -- not including garbage and other fees -- would see a $2.48 increase on their bimonthly bills starting in November, Desai said.
The rates would then jump to $11.29 per 1,000 gallons in September 2018, and $11.63 the following year, according to village documents. Most Carpentersville residents use between 6,000 and 9,000 gallons of water every two months.
The rate schedule, developed by Chicago-area firm Baxter & Woodman, is intended to financially support a slate of projects village officials deem necessary over the next few years, Public Works Director Bob Cole said. The company was hired last year to conduct a study of the village's water and sewer costs and services.
Upcoming capital projects include drainage improvements, lift station rail replacements, and new or extended water mains, including one along Huntley Road to serve potential future commercial development. Officials anticipate spending roughly $3.9 million on water improvements and $1.1 million on sewer upgrades, according to village documents.
"Our position has always been to remain flexible -- to extend the projects out as far as they can go -- so the rates aren't as large an impact on our residents," Cole said.
Carpentersville's water and sewer fund is self-sufficient and relies solely on fees, rather than tax revenue, to finance its operations, Village Manager Mark Rooney said. The fund has a balance of just over $8 million, some of which would go toward paying for the proposed capital projects.
Trustees are expected to discuss the proposed rate increase before voting at Tuesday's village board meeting, which begins at 7 p.m. The village's current water and sewer rate of $10.64 has been in effect since officials approved a 0.5 percent hike last August.
More Videos
5:40 Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett's anthem sit, backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener
2:09 Ex-UW WR Kasen Williams on their fave of 4 circus grabs in Seahawks' preseason opener
2:23 Coach Pete Carroll on Paul Richardson's injury, more from Seahawks preseason opener
0:57 Seahawks rookie CB Shaquill Griffin all smiles after starting in their 1st NFL game
3:01 Michael Bennett on why they sat during national anthem at Seahawks' preseason opener
3:27 Gregg Bell from California on what to expect from Seahawks' preseason opener
4:03 Seahawks DE Cliff Avril after receiving foundation donation from United Way
4:21 Pete Carroll on Eddie Lacy, Thomas Rawls, Seahawks preseason opener
2:25 Russell Wilson on their passing, Rawls, Carson, more from Seahawks camp
5:20 Gregg Bell on what they saw, heard and thought of day 9 in Seahawks training camp
2:53 Rookie Amara Darboh jokes with Michael Bennett, talks being a Seahawks WR
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Work has started on a new industrial park in the Black Country.
Halesowen-based A&H Construction has been appointed to deliver the multi-million development of Vaughan Park in Tipton.
The 28-acre site will initially comprise five industrial units totalling 80,000 sq ft with further phases of design and build opportunities reaching up to 500,000 sq ft of industrial and warehouse space.
The units are due to be ready for occupation later this year.
Lawrence Escott, investment manager at property developer CEG which is leading the project, said: "We have appointed a West Midlands construction company as we are keen to see local job and training opportunities created in the area, helping to boost the local economy.
"The development will deliver high quality industrial and warehouse space set in a secure and very well-located environment.
"It will help to meet the strong market demand, which has been constrained in recent years through a significant lack of supply."
John Maley, from A&H Construction, said: "As a local business, we are proud to be involved with this formidable project.
"Our aim is to build on the relationships we have with the local supply chain to ensure this project is delivered as planned and exceeds expectations."
Coun Paul Moore, cabinet member for regeneration at Sandwell Council, said: "The investment and jobs to be created by the Vaughan Park development are very welcome and is further demonstration of Sandwell being a great place to invest."
Property consultancies CBRE and Bulleys have been appointed as agents to market the site.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
THE ANNOUNCEMENT
Aston Villa have announced a three-way kit partnership with menswear brand LUKE 1977 and Fanatics.
The kit will be designed by LUKE 1977, a fashion label set up by Villa fan Luke Roper - and produced by global manufacturers Fanatics.
Earlier this month the club announced an end to their partnership with existing suppliers Under Armour.
The new arrangement sees Fanatics extend its relationship with the club, by becoming the official kit manufacturer.
And Villa claim the new kit will ‘maintain the quality and heritage of a kit that has played such an iconic, significant role in the Creative Director's life'.
The new apparel will bear the brand logo of LUKE 1977 while Villa insist Fanatics' internationally recognised manufacturing profile will ensure that the quality of the kit remains 'best in class'.
WHAT VILLA HAVE SAID
Aston Villa's Chief Commercial Officer, Luke Organ said, “Aston Villa Football Club is proud to pioneer an exciting new tripartite technical kit partnership.
“Traditional routes often leave the club lacking an element of creative input, we wanted to take back control of the look and feel of the strip for our fans.
"We believe this partnership will further allow us to engage with the fans to a much greater extent than previously experienced with manufacturing partners.
“The deal with LUKE 1977 and Fanatics represents a true partnership. All parties work collaboratively to deliver the very best product for our fans.
“As a club we are determined to lead the industry in every way that benefits our fans. We continually innovate off the field, providing the very best fan experience we can.”
Jack Grealish tweeted their approval: "Big congratulations to @LukeRoper who's a huge Villa fan on getting the @AVFCOfficial kit supplier deal!! Well done Looking forward to it #AVFC"
Robert Snodgrass said: "Congratulations @lukeroper and the team for designing the new @avfcofficial kit, exciting news mate! Can't wait to see it."
Former Villa midfielder Ian Taylor wrote: "Massive announcement by my pal who's Villa through and through getting the kit supplier deal!! Well done mate! Groundbreaking stuff!!"
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
WHAT LUKE 1977 SAID
LUKE 1977's Creative Director, Luke Roper said: “As part of the pride and a lifelong Villa supporter, it is a huge honour to be asked to bring my 20 years of design experience to the creation of the new kits.
“I have worked closely in collaboration with both Aston Villa and Fanatics, which demonstrates a fresh approach to design and a commitment to give more back to the supporters.
“Every time a Villa fan sees the kits, they will know that one of their own has been a part of the design process.”
WHAT IS LUKE 1977?
Luke 1977 is a contemporary menswear clothing brand set up in the West Midlands in 2001.
The founder is Luke Roper.  They are from Walsall Wood, a couple of miles from Villa Park.
Inspired by their mother, a dressmaker, Roper was using sewing machines by the age of 12 to make shirts for their friends.
According to their website the former Shire Oak School pupil "soon became a local legend, with lads from all over the area ordering their unique designs and creations then hitting the clubs of the Wild West Midlands decked out in Luke's original specially crafted pieces."
Roper studied fashion at Walsall College and went to Central St Martin's College of Art and Design in London at the age of 20 and completed a degree in menswear design.
They teamed up with family friend Simon Poole and Deborah Poole to set up the fashion line.
WHAT IS FANATICS?
Fanatics already manage the Villa Park store.
According to the U.S. company's website "Fanatics is a technology-driven, consumer company that powers the Fanatics, FansEdge, Kitbag and Majectic brands, as well as the largest selection of sports collectibles and memorabilia through Fanatics Authentic.
"Fanatics also operates more than 300 online and offline partner stores, including the e-commerce business for all major professional sports leagues (NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, NASCAR, MLS, PGA), major media brands (NBC Sports, CBS Sports, FOX Sports) and more than 200 collegiate and professional team properties, which include several of the biggest global soccer clubs (Manchester United, Real Madrid, Manchester City)."
WHAT THE FANS SAY
Neil Shaun Humphrey: ‘Luke' make smart clobber. Very interesting choice. Add the fact he's a villa fan, reckon we could be onto a winner.
Danny Barker: Looking forward to this! Hopefully we will see the kit before end of July,we always seem to be last to see new kits!
Paul Hughes: Think it's a poor move and won't offer much brand appeal
Jayne Stewart: Moaning about a kit really?!!! They could wear bin liners for all I care as long as they play well!!!
Jim Turburfield: It's very rare that a big football team veer away from recognised sports brands and choose a fashion brand instead.
Most friends I spoke to really wanted adidas and this is going to reduce kit sales whether the owner/designer is a Villa fan or not
Nathaniel Murray: Smaller firms tend to make better kits who really wants an Adidas kit that your local Sunday league side have replicated from an online kit store I think it's great the shirt won't look at all like the carbon copies up and down the leagues
Lee Avfc: Local kid villa fan give them a chance they might surprise you
Jon Burns: If it looks good and is quality made I don't really care who makes it.
WHEN IS THE NEW KIT OUT?
Villa are yet to release details of a launch date but it tends to be in June or early July.
Last year the kit was leaked online early giving fans a glimpse of this year's strip before the pre-season schedule had even got up and running.
Villa will have the next kit in place for the first friendly of the summer.
A pre-season trip to China could also be on the cards if Villa are promoted to the Premier League, an ideal time to promote the new-look attire.
WHAT HAVE VILLA'S PREVIOUS HOME KITS BEEN LIKE?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
WHY DO VILLA WEAR CLARET AND BLUE?
Villa's famous claret and blue strip originated in 1888 when the Football League was founded.
This was when the Midlands club first started wearing the colours after the kit changed quite radically in the very early days.
Initially the new colours were very similar to the chocolate and blue of 1886 but since 1893 the body of the kit has been claret with blue sleeves and predominantly white shorts.
During the 1970s, shirt and sports manufacturers began to influence designs, shirt logos appearing on the shirt.
This is when shirt designs began to change in line with the new manufacturers and subsequent shirt sponsorships.
Villa were the first club to wear claret and blue and according to Tony Matthews the theme was a Scottish influence, combining the maroon of Hearts and the blue of Rangers, with the Scottish lion rampant included in the badge.
WHAT HAVE VILLA'S PREVIOUS AWAY KITS BEEN LIKE?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PREVIOUS KIT MANUFACTURER?
Villa and Under Armour announced the end of their link up at the start of April. It was due to run until 2021.
In a statement on their website Villa explained: "Aston Villa can confirm that the club and its technical partner, Under Armour, have mutually decided to end their relationship.
"The global sports apparel and footwear brand has provided performance matchday kits and training wear for Aston Villa for the past two seasons.
"The club would like to thank Under Armour for their support over the past two years and would like to wish them all the best for the future."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For most football fans, there are few things in life better than a great away day.
Birmingham City have had their fair share over the years and we've come up with the very best in the last decade.
Late winners, promotion clinchers and packed away stands - the most memorable are included.
Here are Blues' top ten away days in the last ten years:
Bristol City 0 Blues 1 - 07/05/17
It should never have happened again - but it did. Just as they did at Bolton a few years earlier, Blues took their fight for Championship survival to the very last day.
Harry Redknapp lost their first match but then galvanised their team to a 2-0 victory over Huddersfield in the final home game of the 2016/2017 campaign.
Che Adams was sent off in that match but given a reprieve when their red card was rescinded in the days before the final match of the season.
Blues went to Ashton Gate knowing they had to equal the results of Blackburn and Nottingham Forest to stay up.
In the end both relegation rivals won so Adams' first half goal proved to be the one that kept the team in the division.
The scenes at the final whistle were incredible, the sheer passion of the Blues fans convinced Redknapp to make a full time comeback.
Craig Gardner went into the crowd, then gave an interview which ended any questions about their allegiance. A memorable, memorable day.
Wolves 1 Blues 2 - 24/02/17
What a way to spend to your Friday evening.
David Davis shone again in a Midlands derby and looked to enjoy their goal, and the win, as much as any Bluenose inside Molineux.
The scenes for Maikel Kieftenbeld's opener were impressive - but no less than crazy when Davis added a second.
Blues fans were in fine form throughout and left the ground in high spirits after their first league win at Wolves since 2010.
Fulham 2 Blues 5 - 07/11/15
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Those of a Blues persuasion certainly love a trip to the capital.
This one was no different, with over 4000 making the journey down to Craven Cottage.
And the players put on quite a show to match a jubilant away stand. Rowett's team hit five on the afternoon in a majestic performance.
The Putney End was bouncing in a truly memorable party atmosphere.
Reading 1 Blues 2 - 03/05/09
Alex McLeish's side clinched promotion to the Premier League in style at Reading.
Blues needed a win on the final day to guarantee an automatic spot and the players duly delivered.
Keith Fahey and Kevin Phillips were on the scoresheet as the visiting fans watched Birmingham return to the top-flight at the first time of asking.
Derby 0 Blues 3 - 16/01/16
What an afternoon this was.
Blues were in a rampant mood - spurred on by another sold-out away contingent.
The rendition of 'Keep Right On' as the players clapped in front of the fans at the final whistle was spine-tingling.
Club Brugge 1 Blues 2 - 20/10/11
No Bluenose who made the trip the Brugge will ever forget it.
The dramatic Europa League win wasn't only one of the best trips of the last ten years, but one of the most memorable evenings in the club's history.
An estimated 8,000 Blues supporters travelled from the Midlands to the Flemish Region of Belgium, and what a time they had.
The square was full, the bars were packed, and even the church was flying a Birmingham flag.
Chris Wood wrote themselves into Blues folklore with a 100th minute winner as Chris Hughton's side became the first English club to ever beat Brugge in their own backyard.
(Image: Roy Smiljanic/BCFC)
Quite possibly the best of the lot.
Tottenham 2 Blues 3 - 02/12/07
Sebastian Larsson scored in injury time to snatch victory for Birmingham in Alex McLeish's first game as boss.
Blues twice went behind on the afternoon before Larsson smashed the ball past Spurs goalkeeper Paul Robinson from 25 yards.
The late winner sparked delirious celebrations from the Second City contingent in the corner at White Hart Lane.
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
RSS feed: https://audioboom.com/channels/4948397.rss
Crystal Palace 0 Blues 4 - 29/03/13
Another trip to London brought with it another incredible result.
Palace were unbeaten in 18 at Selhurst Park before Blues picked them apart.
(Image: roy smiljanic)
Although the away side were backed by only a hardcore of fans, the demolition that played out will live long in the memory.
Nathan Redmond, Ravel Morrison and Shane Ferguson added to Damien Delaney's own goal as Blues supporters taunted their Eagles counterparts throughout.
Shamrock Rovers 0 Blues 4 - 08/07/13
The perfect excuse for a trip to Dublin.
Birmingham dispatched their opponents with ease - even Colin Doyle made a cameo appearance outfield - as Keith Fahey sat in the away section to watch their former team in action.
Away from the football, Blues fans certainly enjoyed what the Irish capital had to offer.
Bolton 2 Blues 2 - 03/04/14
Has there ever been a more dramatic end to a Championship season?
Blues were destined for the drop after a miserable campaign - and relegation seemed even more likely when Bolton scored their second goal to go 2-0 up with just 14 minutes remaining.
But the 4,000 visiting fans behind the goal didn't let the players heads drop.
"When we were 2-0 down, the first thing we heard was our fans singing and that gave us the lift. After we got the first one, the belief right through the team was incredible," said the saviour Paul Caddis after the match.
Nikola Zigic got that first one to give the their side a glimmer of hope.
Blues, backed by a vociferous away support, continued to push for an all-important equaliser - and three minutes into added time it finally came.
Caddis nodded the ball in at the far post to almost raise the roof off the Reebok and secure Blues' safety.
It all got a bit emotional at full time after Lee Clark's men had pulled off the seemingly impossible. They had kept right on.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
This article is from today's FT Opinion email. Sign up to receive a daily digest of the big issues straight to your inbox.
Russia's indefatigable president stormed to victory for their fourth term on a wave of admiration — or by stamping out all opposition, depending on which way you look at it. But in their Sunday night victory speech, given in a frosty Red Square, Vladimir Putin talked about unity. They told a cheering crowd they were part of a ‘big national team' who would realise their grand vision for the motherland and that they would not be guided by ‘daily political calculations'. Western observers might take some convincing while diplomatic rows rumble on over the deployment of nerve agent on the streets of the UK and the question of Russian interference in the last US election.
But how dangerous is the Russian leader really? Perhaps less so than we imagine, says Gideon Rachman in their column. For while they are reckless, they are not irrational, and history suggests they can be deterred. It may be, argues Gideon, that Mr Putin is willing to take big risks when they believe that the west is not paying attention — Russia's annexation of Crimea is a case in point. But when they meet clear resistance, they back off.
While the president's fans believe them to be a brilliant strategist who can get away with anything, the truth is that Mr Putin is prone to mistakes and makes calculations that often backfire. The result is that Russia is much poorer and more isolated than it should be, whatever the president's grandiose rhetoric suggests.
Our digital cesspit:
The allegation that Cambridge Analytica accessed the Facebook profiles of millions of US voters and targeted them with personalised messages to help Donald Trump's chances of election show us how connected devices can be abused and polluted to manipulate their users, argues John Thornhill. But before we assign all the blame to internet platforms we should take a look at our own complicity in fanning false news and fuelling a market for stories that stoke disgust and fear.
Pulling strings:
The revolving door between EU institutions and the private sector shows the Brussels lobbying industry at its worst, writes EU ombudsman Emily O'Reilly. The problem is more noticeable as Brexit-related consultancy work is booming — the uncertainty around the negotiations provides lucrative opportunities for EU insiders with good networks. Brussels officials are particularly attractive for their detailed and technical knowledge.
Advice to disgruntled centrists:
The mood is dark among the UK Labour party's moderate MPs, says James Kirkup. Exasperated by opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn's apparent remaking of Labour in their leftist image, they whisper about the creation of a new centrist party. But they are not ready yet. A new party needs a new image, agenda and policies — especially economic ones — to sell to voters.
Best of the rest
Adapt or die: a new breed of trade union can save the fossils of old — John Harris in the Guardian
Jordan Peterson and fascist mysticism — Pankaj Mishra in the New York Review of Books
How Russia meddled in its own elections — Alina Polyakova in the Atlantic
Donald Trump and the craven firing of Andrew McCabe — Jeffery Toobin in The New Yorker
And now, the Nancy Pelosi drama — Gail Collins in The New York Times
What you've been saying
Restrictive ownership hobbles audit industry — letter from Paul Boyle
In 2005 I noted that the restrictive ownership rules that apply to audit firms (in essence they need to be majority-owned by qualified auditors) made it effectively impossible for there to be a well-capitalised new entrant into the market. Had there been similar ownership rules in the airline industry (ie if airlines had to be owned by qualified pilots) then many of the disruptive new entrants would not have been able to get off the ground — literally.
Comment from ArmyMba on Gina Haspel, the undercover spy picked to head the CIA
This is the type of agency that needs a morally and ethically sound individual to lead it, not someone who has risen to the top via the grey zones that it operates in. They were an active participate in some of the dark work the agency did post 9/11 and then led the charge to white wash and cover the situation up. They may know “how that building works better than anybody” and “really knows their stuff” but they have not demonstrated that they have the character to make the morally tough decisions.
I can't persuade Dropbox to take more of my money — letter from Christian Nielsen
You note that Dropbox's revenue per subscriber has been flat for three years. That is unsurprising as I have for years been trying to give Dropbox more of my money without luck. It is quite simply not possible to purchase more storage once you hit the absurdly low limit of one terabyte. To start taking free money from existing customers might help the declining valuation.
Today's opinion
G20 economies must push to invest more in infrastructure
A standard global financial contract could boost funding for transport and energy
Requiem for the dead French political right
Republican supporters bemoan the fragmentation of the centre-right party
The economic damage from a trade war
Economists are taught trade wars are almost always damaging. The question for investors is: how damaging?
Instant Insight: Facebook's floundering response to scandal is part of the problem
As the Cambridge Analytica storm worsens, Mark Zuckerberg must lead from the front
Lex: Barclays bosses should not underestimate Edward Bramson
Any public fight between the veteran activist investor and the UK bank would be hot
A revolving door for Brussels lobbyists damages trust in the EU
There is a lack of scrutiny of those who move between the public and private sectors
Free Lunch: Why Italy's Five-Star Movement should embrace bank bail-ins
A ‘Nixon in China' move would bring great rewards
After Cambridge Analytica, politicians must act to save the web
A wondrous informational resource is turning into a cyber cesspit
Vladimir Putin is not as scary as they looks
The danger comes when Russia's leader miscalculates with interventions that backfire
Why I don't have an electric car
To make it a practical choice there needs to be more than goodwill and targets
Centrists are not ready to take on Jeremy Corbyn
Challenging populists on the right and left requires a different agenda and new policies
Taming the sun, by Varun Sivaram
A road map to lead the solar energy industry to its brightest future
FT Alphaville: Giving stock away to staff doesn't absolve share buybacks
Fresh blood: why everyone fell for Theranos
The cautionary tale of Elizabeth Holmes and their healthtech vision
FT View
FT View: Xi reforms will tighten their control over China
Administrative shake-up is about centralising rather than loosening power
FT View: Four simple questions Facebook should answer
The social network has great power, but takes little responsibility
The Big Read
The Big Read: Cyberattacks: the risks of pricing digital cover
With policies against online breaches to be worth $10bn by 2020, insurers rush to gain expertise
Fans from all over packed City National Arena Thursday to cheer on the team as they practiced. (FOX5)
The Golden Knights have captured thousands of hearts in Las Vegas. Fans from all over packed City National Arena Thursday to cheer on the team as they practiced.
"I just love all these guys, they're like sons to me," fan Shirley Williams said.
For years, Williams lived by the Anaheim Ducks' arena, but they were never a hockey fan, they said. Now that they live in Las Vegas, they said they don't miss a moment of Golden Knights hockey.
“If you told me a year ago I'd be watching hockey, I'd say ‘no way,'" Williams said, “This team has taken over our lives, I mean it's everything to me."
She's so obsessed with the team, she's even sent merchandise to Scotland so the rest of their family could cheer along.
Another fan, Frank Ewbank, said they use the Golden Knights to teach their kids valuable lessons.
"I use a lot of their practicing to help them in life as far as team work and school and being a good team player," Ewbank said.
Fans everywhere agree it's the Golden Knights “golden” personalities that have them wrapped around their fingers.
"When the guys started scuffling by Fleury, and Fleury reached over and tickled that guy's ear? It doesn't get any better than that!"
It's always a good day at work when I get to hang out with fellow @GoldenKnights fans! @FOX5Vegas pic.twitter.com/pGc2RxGQtM — Kathleen Jacob FOX5 (@Kathleenjjacob) May 17, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Many of us love a good trip to a Wetherspoons pub, no matter what the occasion is.
Whether It's just to meet for a coffee or for some breakfast, catch the football on the big screen or to party the night away.
(Image: Getty)
Here the Derby Telegraph gives you the top five Wetherspoon pubs in Derbyshire. This list is according to popular rankings website Tripadvisor.
All of the pubs below have been given four out of five stars on the website. They have been ranked by the number of reviewers that rated them "excellent".
1. The Peacock in Bakewell
(Image: Google Maps)
The Peacock in Bakewell is rated the best Wetherspoons bar in Derbyshire, according to Tripadvisor.
More than 200 people have rated the bar as "excellent" out of more than 400 reviews posted.
One review says: "Situated right in the middle of Bakewell with all shops just on the doorstep, the owners and the staff make you feel welcome the moment you walk in.
"The staff are so polite and friendly, the food is excellent and everywhere is spotlessly clean. The room was warm, the bed comfortable - just can't fault it. I came away feeling totally relaxed."
2. The Wye Bridge House in Buxton
The Wye Bridge House in Fairfield Road, Buxton, is second on the list.
On Tripadvisor, 44% of its reviews were given a rating of "excellent".
One review says: "After driving through the weeks and wandering around Castleton, we stopped off here for a late lunch. We ordered burgers, hot dogs and wraps between us. Everything was hot and fresh.
"The service was very good and the staff continued to smile even though they were rushed off their feet. They asked if we needed anything else (such as sauces), if the food was good (when we were finished) and if there was anything else we needed."
3. The Portland Hotel in Chesterfield
(Image: Google Maps)
In the heart of Chesterfield, the Portland Hotel certainly knows how to make its visitors welcome.
Almost 40% of reviews rated the picturesque bar as "excellent".
One review says: "Superb cask ale range, many from local breweries, good prompt service even when busy, highly recommended."
4. The Thomas Leaper, Derby
(Image: Google Maps)
Well known in the Derby city centre area and judging by Tripadvisor ratings The Thomas Leaper is pretty popular as well.
Based in Iron Gate , the bar is a popular venue throughout the week, among students and during the weekend for those wanting a good party.
More than 30% of reviews have rated it as "excellent". One of them reads: "The staff all work incredibly hard and are always very friendly.
"The food is typical Spoons. - Its good value and served to a reasonable standard. - Never had to send anything back."
5. The Spa Lane Vaults in Chesterfield
(Image: Google Maps)
The Spa Lane Vaults in Chesterfield certainly get the thumbs up from Wetherspoons goers in Derbyshire.
Like The Thomas Leaper, more than 30% of reviews have given it the top rating of excellent making it one of Derbyshire's best.
One review reads: "We are regular visitors to this Wetherspoons when we visit family. It is definitely our go to when we want a quick filling meal on arrival.
"Special nights are always good, service is friendly and quick, we never have to worry about anything, totally dependable and the food is excellent."
Buhari's Jihad On ‘Herds-Media' -By Fredrick Nwabufo
Have you ever wondered what happened to Naij.com – the popular online news platform? Buhari happened to it.
During the whirling of the IPOB turbulence, Naij.com published rare exclusive reports on Nnamdi Kanu. The reports were mostly free of affectations – not embellished, which is permissible in the practice of journalism. But the government found them offensive.
The reports unsettled the President Muhammadu Buhari government, which through the office of the National Security Adviser (NSA), shut down the online operation of the news platform in the interest of “national security”.
Naij.com had to mutate to Naija.ng to remain a business concern.
A popular columnist was effectively disengaged from an official assignment a night before the event for criticising the government's branding of IPOB as a terrorist organisation. A few other writers have had their columns suspended by newspapers owing to threats by the government.
Even TheCable, a foremost online newspaper, has not been spared of attacks despite its unbiased and middle-ground approach to reporting. A few months ago, the website of the newspaper was hacked and shut down for a few days after it published a series of reports of corruption in the handling of the Abacha loot by the office of the attorney-general of the federation.
I strongly believe the Buhari government's onslaught on the media is deliberate and targeted at crushing the last phalanx of check, and perhaps opposition.
The government has reduced the national assembly to a broken cymbal, and the PDP, which should naturally play the obverse role, is destitute of moral capacitance for opposition. With the media as the only institution of check, the government is desperate to extirpate it to garland its path to tyranny.
What could explain the recent tagging of newspapers (online and offline) dispassionately reporting the killings by herdsmen as “herds-media”? I believe this is an attempt to profile and stigmatise media houses doing the bounden duty of reporting objectively just like every public figure who opposes the government is tagged “looter” and “corrupt”.
An editor of a national newspaper told me that the government asked all media houses to stop tagging the killers in the north-central region as “Fulani herdsmen”, but as bandits. They said they asked them, “But these killers are Fulani and herdsmen? And the militants in the south-south are called Niger Delta militants?”
The editor said they were told the opposition would exploit the ethnicity of the killers to blackmail the president, and that it was in the interest of “national security”. This clearly reflects the thinking of the government – every issue is pickled in a political jar of sour sauce.
The media must not fall to the caprices, intimidation and harassment of the government. It survived brutal military regimes, it will survive Buhari. It is the last frontier of the masses.
Fredrick is a media personality, they tweet @FredrickNwabufo
Comments
comments
Well, the three Triple Crown Monster Energy Supercross races have come and gone, and so, with the most significant supercross format change in the last 30 years, what do the managers of the teams think about the format? Well, glad you asked! I went through the pits this past weekend and asked some VIPs what they thought of the three-race deal, both good and bad, and what should be done in the future. Here are the answers: Dan Betley | GEICO Honda team manager I like the concept. I can't see doing 17 rounds with them. I like the concept from the MEC [Monster Energy Cup] side of things, but then we started incorporating them into the series. I can take them or leave them. I like it. I think from a fan perspective, it's good when they tighten the show up. When we did it at Anaheim, it was just too drawn-out. But also from the other side, from the mechanic perspective, I'm kind of worried. If something does go bad, are we going to have enough time to change an engine? Are we going to have enough time to, say they wad it up in a race, are we going to be able to fix the thing in time? So that's my only concern, but more so the intensity and the track getting chewed up and all that. I was actually just thinking the other day about how the intensity levels are up, and Feld is rumored to want more supercross races in the future. We're barely having any riders now. If we had another four races going in, how many riders would actually be left in this thing? The attrition is pretty bad. Racer X: What would you change?
Maybe give us a little more time in between. I think it's from the time they come off the track to the time the gate drops, is like 50 minutes. That's not a lot of time, more from a mechanic perspective than a rider perspective. That's really my only complaint. Then if they were thinking of changing this format for all 17 rounds, I think it would be way too much. So you're okay with them, but don't add any more? Three is good?
Yeah, I wouldn't want to see anything more.
Jeremy Martin took the overall win at the third Triple Crown in Minneapolis. Jeff Kardas
Tony Alessi | Smartop/Bullfrog Spas/MotoConcepts Honda team manager They've been very good for us and our team. We've had good results, so obviously I'm in favor of them. I think the riders have to work quite a bit harder, and I also think that the amount of time in between each of the races is too short. It just really exaggerates the problem. It's just really intense. Like I said, what I do like about it, it's been good for our team. We've been getting good TV time with it. I think that the fans like it. I think it's exciting. But I think there needs to be some kind of—maybe a reduction in laps, maybe like they do at Monster Cup. Three ten-laps is pretty good. I just don't like the length of the last moto. I just think it's a little long. Would you add any more or less for next year? Or the same?
It's in the best interest of the sport, right? So if it's in the best interest of the sport, I would probably double the amount that they have now. I would double it, but I would reduce the amount of laps for the third moto or make it something that's more consistent, like three ten-lap motos. Or even honestly, two 15-lap motos would be cool, too. But I think the idea of the guys all qualify out right from the beginning is great. I love the idea of three main events, or even two main events where all the guys are racing each other. Every race counts. So for me, I'm in favor of the Triple Crown. I hope it continues. I guess we'll wait and see. Erik Kehoe | Honda HRC Team Manager I think they're very interesting. The only thing I know that we had at some of the events where we had that race, there was not that much time. I think getting back, if you had a problem with the bike, it makes everything really hectic with the schedule. So that part I didn't necessarily like. We need more time, or at least at the certain venues, the pits need to be closer to be able to get back and forth in case there are issues. But as far as the racing goes, I thought it was exciting. It's very interesting having all of the guys lined up on the line at the same time three different times. I know some of the riders mentioned that it's a little more hectic having three races where you're lined up against everybody, but it makes for exciting racing. I don't think doing more of those events would be that good. I think right now, especially this year, we've been hit with injuries. We've had quite a few at the different teams out there. I think that might increase injuries. It just seems like it kind of puts them in that position. Here's something that maybe you could help me with as a former racer. We saw five different winners at the first one, six at the next two. Why haven't we seen a rider or two be able to win two races or three?
It's tough. That first few laps, the start is so important, and there are other things that can go on there, other things that can happen. So I don't think anyone's been able to put those starts consistently together. I think the bikes are so good, everybody's so close, I think it makes it tough for those guys to be consistently right there.
Craig placed third in the first Triple Crown at Anaheim 2 while riding for GEICO Honda, but ended up ninth overall in Minneapolis after filling in at Honda HRC. Jeff Kardas
Jeremy Albrecht | Autotrader/Yoshimura Suzuki team manager I actually like it because it's something different. I thought I would like it more because I thought there would be a lot of different winners. There was some, like when [Justin] Brayton won. I think the first one is really exciting, really good racing. The second one, still pretty good, and the third one is way too long. My opinion is there's too much racing, which, I have said that. I think if they were all a little bit shorter, more like Monster Cup-style, I think it would be really good. So your one change would be the length of the three mains put together?
Yeah, the last one for sure is way too long. I think either eight and ten and ten, or at least do ten, ten, ten like Monster Cup. But for sure, doing it how we do it now is way too long. The short ones are very exciting, and they did go a little bit longer the second one. It wasn't terrible, except for, still, you have three. It's just a lot of racing, honestly. It's a lot. A guy, if he's not doing that great, they don't try harder in the third one like you would think. But I think if it was a little bit shorter still, you would get more people sprinting every time. But the racing was definitely great. I think we do need a little bit of change. I didn't expect—I guess we should have read our notes. I didn't know there was, like, a championship out of those three. That was different. That was something new. That was weird, but cool. I think it's cool to try. We need to switch it up. I'd say the only negative for me is the length. It's confusing for us because we're so used to the same thing. It's kind of a weird day. It seems longer for some reason, even though it's really not that different. It's just really weird for us as a team. Next negative, which I haven't had an issue with, is if you had to do bike maintenance, because it's not a lot of time. I think that's what's really harder on the riders. They go do these sprints, and the sprints are usually harder on you, and there's no recovery time. So, I think it makes the guys way more tired than usual, which, good or bad…. It's good if you're in really good shape. More or less for next year? Or the same?
I would do the same. We don't need more of them, but I think it's cool to do three different rounds like that. I think it's okay. Michael Byrne | Rocky Mountain/ATV/MC-WPS-KTM team manager My personal opinion is, I think that after we've had them all now, each Triple Crown, pretty much every single first, maybe second moto has been the most exciting and the most battles. So that tells me that I feel like they all should be more like Monster Cup, I guess, and maybe just all ten laps or ten-minute races, then obviously the longer they go, the more it stretches them out. That's why they have it, right? They want to try and mix up the points. I think that's your best way. You heard more random people winning, and people on the line that believed they could win the shorter ones. I definitely think also they did like 50-something laps last week, which I think is ridiculous. I think they should just all be ten-lap races or ten-minute races. I still don't know about the points. I don't know if I feel like they should be if you win, you get 26 points each one. Obviously, still only one overall, but scoring it. I think if you shorten them up and then give it regular points per moto, and then calculate that up at the end for your winner. But still only award them one main event?
Yeah, just like a National. It's accumulative. I think that would be maybe something interesting to try.
Baggett went 3-4 during the first two Triple Crown main events in Atlanta, but injured their wrist during the third main and ended up in seventh place overall. Rich Shepherd
Some riders have told me that we're doing a lot more work, no extra purse money. They're racing more. Three starts are dangerous. They have a point I think. What do you think as a former racer?
I think a race is a race. It doesn't matter what the format is. I don't really know if I'm doing so much more work and not getting extra money for it, but the format's going to be the format. But I do think they're doing too many laps, yes. Especially when the laps are short. That's why I think ten lap races. Everybody on the line believes that they can win a ten-lap race. More Triple Crowns, fewer Triple Crowns, or the same for next year?
I think just three, but just change the format. Just see how it goes. Christina Denny | CycleTrader.com/Rock River Yamaha team manager I guess off the top of my head, I like them because especially with my guys, I think they just see more race time and more gate drops. That's a perfect format for that. Three opportunities. Last weekend for example, Brandon [Hartranft] had a terrible first one, bad luck. They were able to come back and salvage. Yep, if that's a regular main, he's out of it.
He's out of it. So, it gives them more opportunities. Since there's only eight races for Lites classes, that it's almost like nine, ten, 11, 12 by the time you're over with. So I like them. It's a lot quicker—faster, obviously, but I think with our scheduling and everything, that's really not a problem. I would say maybe keep two or three. I don't know that I would like to see more than that. But I like the time that they get to have more opportunity to have starts and not, say, a do-over, but kind of just get more time. Jimmy Perry | Monster Energy Factory Yamaha team manager I think that they were a good addition to the series. I don't think we need them every weekend. Three is probably a good number. It would be nice to have them all indoors, due to the weather. Could be very tricky on such a short turnaround if you ran into a problem. I thought the racing was good. I think it produced some different winners, which I think, where what's going on now, we could use that. Wish we could have been one of them, but easier said than done. I think for the fans and the hype, more starts, more racing, more tight racing. I think there's some people that used to get a lot of holeshots that wish we had this ten years ago. But I think ,all in all, it was okay. What about the length of the three? It's something I'm hearing some people talk about. Would you like them different, all the same?
To me, I think as long as we know what they are in advance, I don't think it really matters. One extra minute, or two extra laps, I think if they pulled every race, said we're going to change our mind and do something a little different, that might not be right, but as long as everybody knows the rules in January or whenever they say they're going to do it, I'm okay with that.
Barcia made their return to supercross at Minneapolis after missing six rounds, taking fifth place overall. Rich Shepherd
Abrahahaminte Santhathikal - Oru Police Story is one among the highly anticipated ventures of Mammootty and the film will mark the directorial debut of Shaji Padoor, who has had years of experience working as an associate director in Mollywood.
The shoot of the film had commenced early in the month of January 2018. Now, according to the latest reports, the shoot of the film has been completed and the same was announced through the official Facebook page of the movie.
Take a look at the Facebook post regarding the same..
Abrahaminte Santhathikal was shot in various locations in and around Kochi. Nothing much has been revealed about the storyline of the Mammotty starrer, which has been scripted by The Great Father fame Haneef Adeni. Earlier, it was announced that the satellite rights of the film have already been sold. Reportedly, the satellite rights of the film have been bagged by Surya TV.
Mammootty's look from the film has been kept under the wraps and is yet to be revealed officially. The audiences are also eagerly looking forward for the first official poster of this much awaited venture. Ineterstingly, the fan made poster of the film also had gained a lot of attention. Reportedly, Mammootty will be seen essaying a character named Derick Abraham, who is an Assistant Commissioner Of Police by profession. Abrahaminte Santhathikal is being produced by TL George and Joby George under the banner Goodwill Entertainments.
Apart from Mammootty, young actor Anson Paul will also be seen essaying a crucial role in this much awaited venture. Abrahaminte Santhathikal also features Kaniha, Siddique, Renji Panicker, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Kalabhavan Shajon etc., in important roles. Editor-turned-filmmaker Mahesh Narayanan, whose directorial debut Take Off emerged as a big commercial and critcal success, will be handling the editing department of the movie. The makers are yet to make an official announcement regarding the exact release date of the movie.
Google Reboots Android Security, Rolls Out Android Go
In its ongoing effort to protect Android users from malicious mobile activities, Google plans to begin showing warnings when apps or Web sites collect personal data without their consent. The move expands on the app security measures Google added with its release of Android Oreo in August.
Announced last Friday, Dec. 1, the latest Android protections will begin showing warnings to users starting in February. Android app developers will need to abide by Google's remediation and resolution guidance to prevent such warnings from showing up on their software.
As part of its Android 8.1 update, set for release tomorrow, Google also plans to roll out a new "software experience" called Android Oreo (Go edition). The lightweight version of Google's mobile operating system is aimed at the "next billion" smartphone users around the world with entry-level, low-memory devices.
Safeguards Apply to All Apps and Functions
Under Google's coming update to its Unwanted Software Policy, apps that handle users' personal or device data will have to notify individuals with a prompt and privacy policy information. Users will also need to be informed when any app "collects and transmits personal data unrelated to the functionality of the app," according to Paul Stanton, a member of Google's Safe Browsing Team.
Before such unrelated personal data can be collected or used, "the app must prominently highlight how the user data will be used and have the user provide affirmative consent for such use," Stanton wrote in a Google Security blog post on Friday.
"These data collection requirements apply to all functions of the app," they added. "For example, during analytics and crash reportings, the list of installed packages unrelated to the app may not be transmitted from the device without prominent disclosure and affirmative consent."
The requirements apply to all Android apps, whether they're accessed via Google Play or via another non-Play app market, Stanton said.
Go Edition Targets Next Wave of Android Users
Earlier today, Google also announced the imminent launch of its new Go edition for entry-level Android devices. The Android Go initiative was first unveiled in May at Google's annual I/O developer conference.
"To make sure billions more people can get access to computing, it's important that entry-level devices are fully functioning smartphones that can browse the web and use apps," Android director of product management Sagar Kamdar said in a Google blog post today.
Arriving with tomorrow's release of Android 8.1, the Go edition will provide an optimized experience for users whose Android Oreo devices have between 512 MB and 1 GB of memory. The stripped-down Go edition includes a tailor-made Android operating system, a new set of lightweight Google apps, and a "tuned version" of the Google Play Store that highlights apps designed to work best on low-memory devices.
"We enhanced Android Oreo (Go edition) for speed and reliability on entry-level devices, which means the average app is now 15 percent faster on devices running Android Oreo (Go edition)," Kamdar said. "There are many of these kinds of optimizations -- and they really add up. If all entry level Android devices launched apps 15 percent faster, that would save the world a cumulative one million hours of time -- every day!"
According to predictions released today by the app market data company App Annie, worldwide consumer spending on apps it expected to exceed $110 billion in 2018. While games are expected to continue accounting for the largest portion of app spending, "the share of spend for apps outside of games will increase next year as its growth rate outpaces that for games," the App Annie forecast stated.
"This shift, which has been largely driven by subscriptions, is a strong reflection of the app economy's increasing maturation as the value that apps deliver to users broadens," it said. App Annie also indicated that the Android app market in the coming year will see especially strong growth in India and Brazil.
"[T]hough Brazil is a more mature market than India and further along in shifting beyond the download growth phase, it is a mobile-first country with plenty of room left for growth," the forecast stated. "Both countries have large populations of people who do not yet own smartphones. Continued increases in smartphone penetration in both of these markets will fuel future growth of total time spent, which will in turn lead to higher mobile commerce spend."
Image credit: All screenshots and apps by Google/Android.
Last week, Twitter discovered that luxe fashion house Balenciaga — which, let's be honest, is kinda known for trolling everyone (remember the $2,145 IKEA knockoff?) — is selling a men's T-shirt with another button-down top pinned to the front for $1,290. Two tops for the price of... like, a lot more reasonably priced tops.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
LMAOOOOO bro what in the actual fuck pic.twitter.com/IsWSV0DMGD — mally mack (@MallyMack_) May 26, 2018
I thought this Balenciaga shirt was a joke.
...Its real and it's $1,290 pic.twitter.com/j0gwfmEaRS — Troy Osinoff (@yo) May 27, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
I'll slap anyone who even tries to tell me that this is dope, Balenciaga clearly doesn't care 😭 pic.twitter.com/tLIZKffsHS — Denzel👑 (@Mr_Nzeu) May 27, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
There also was another, very similar style to the "T-Shirt Shirt," which was two button-downs sewn together (the "Double Shirt").
Commenters soon discovered a women's version too, which sparked more confusion.
When you can't choose between two favorite shirts: Double Shirt.
Ps: wtf?? pic.twitter.com/yGzjjXxHbR — Dian Onno (@DianOnno) May 27, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And, finally, people started to make their own T-shirt shirts and things really came full-circle.
Hey @BALENCIAGA,
I just made my own Double Shirt and it didn't cost thousands of dollars! pic.twitter.com/8daWqAGy7C — Mike (@AH_Mike) May 28, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
OK, but:
Follow Rachel on Twitter and Instagram.
When discreet online dating website Ashley Madison suffered a data breach in summer of 2015, it may have been the most sensational example of online matchmaking leading to privacy violations, but unfortunately, it's not the only one.
According to UK-based online dating company dm³ Ltd., more than half a billion online dating accounts have been breached, and that's just the ones we know about. The problem is that online dating websites serve as big, juicy targets for malicious actors seeking to get their hands on tons of personal data. Their hope is they can use that data to execute identity theft, accessing bank accounts and lines of credit that could be worth money on the black market.
Considering what information you really need to share in online dating sites is one thing. Which site you'd use is another issue. Reading those tedious terms of service might be wise when you're about to get intimate with an online dating service of your choice. Look out for policies around account deletion – when you do decide it's time for a clean break, you don't want to feel trapped in the relationship with your online dating site. Also keep an eye on how the site stores passwords and whether the site would ever actually be authorized to send a message on your behalf!
dm³ Ltd. provides this infographic to keep you safe out there in the world of online dating:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Local councils are facing a £5 billion funding gap and the Government has no plan in place to help them.
The findings, from the House of Commons Committee of Public Accounts, confirm warnings from local authorities including Birmingham City Council.
Key services such as social care, housing, planning, transport, and cultural services are under “enormous pressure” after funding was cut by at least a third for every authority, the committee said.
And by the end of the decade, councils across the country are on course have incomes £5 billion lower than the money they need to operate.
Birmingham alone has seen its budget shrink by £765 million per year, and is expecting to see that fall by a further £123 million by 2022.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Changes have included cutting back on school nurses, cutting grants to struggling families and introducing charges for some library services.
Like other authorities, Birmingham has attempted to ensure that funding for social care, including help for the children and the elderly, is the last thing to be reduced.
But in June, the city council said it would need to make more cuts, The cash-strapped authority said that “very difficult decisions” must be taken “without delay”.
Birmingham MP Liam Byrne (Lab Hodge Hill) said: “This government has left our councils in shred and patches after the most brutal cuts in history.
“Frankly it's only the brilliance of front line public servants keeping the show on the road. So ahead of the budget in November, we'll be making the case loud and clear for a fair deal for Birmingham at last.”
The Committee of Public Accounts includes seven Conservative MPs, seven Labour MPs, one Liberal Democrat and one SNP MP.
It warned: “The harsh reality is that more and more local authorities are now showing signs of financial stress such as overspending on services. They now face a period of greater uncertainty as their funding framework beyond 2019–20 is unclear.”
But the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, which is responsible for councils, has “not yet developed a plan” to secure the long-term financial future of councils, the MPs warned.
They said: “It is not transparent enough about its understanding of the pressures faced by local authorities, meaning Parliament and the taxpayer cannot be sure that it genuinely understands or is addressing the issue.”
A Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government spokesperson said: “Local authorities are responsible for their own funding decisions, but over the next two years, we are providing councils with £90.7 billion to help them meet the needs of their residents, including social care.
“We recognise the pressures councils are facing, so we are working with local government to develop a funding system for the future.
“On top of this, we are giving them the power to retain more of the income they get from business rates so they can use it to drive further growth in their area.”
The Local Government Association, which represents councils, warned that local services are “on the brink of collapse” and facing huge and increasing demand pressures.
Lord Porter, Local Government Association chair and a Conservative councillor in Lincolnshire, said: “We've reached a point where councils will no longer be able to support our residents as they expect, including our most vulnerable – let alone help the country to prosper.
“Councils have shouldered more than their fair share of austerity and have tried to reduce any impact on residents. But there is only so much they can do and the financial challenges they face are growing.”
SALT LAKE CITY — A Utah woman has been arrested after they were identified as the pajama-wearing robber in at least six bank robberies in the Salt Lake City area, including five in less than two hours on Saturday morning, police said Monday.
Nannette Louise Perkins, 40, was arrested Sunday afternoon at home in suburban Taylorsville home after Salt Lake City police received a tip about their identity, Unified police Lt. Brian Lohrke said.
According to police, the robber did little to hide their appearance during robberies Friday and Saturday morning at banks in Salt Lake City, Holladay, West Valley City, Cottonwood Heights and Sandy.
They were seen on bank surveillance camera images and described wearing pajama bottoms, black prescription eyeglasses, a dark shirt and a blue bandanna over dark hair in a ponytail or bun.
Lohrke said the robber passed notes to tellers, never showed a weapon and got cash in five of the six banks. They left one empty-handed.
The police spokesperson said they did not know what Perkins was wearing when they were arrested.
They were being held at the Salt Lake County jail pending an initial court appearance on felony charges.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
By Davies Iheamnachor
MGBEDE: THE Nigerian Agip Oil Company, NAOC, has delivered one kilometre road with well channelled drainage system to Mgbede Community, Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area, ONELGA, of Rivers State.
NDV gathered that NAOC, operator of the NNPC/NAOC/OANDO Joint Venture Partners delivered the infrastructure as part of its corporate social responsibility to the community.
Speaking during the commissioning, the Caretaker Committee Chairman of ONELGA, Barrister Osi Olisa, commended Agip and its Joint Venture Partners for providing the project in Mgbede Community.
Olisa urged the people to use the road to improve the local economy of the area, even as they called for more developmental projects in the area by other firms.
Meanwhile, the Managing Director of NAOC, Mr. Massimo Insulla, represented by the Stakeholders Management and Community Development Division Manager, Mr. Dennis Masi, said “the road project will improve the living standards of Mgbede people and ease internal mobility.
They reiterated the company's commitment in empowering and providing access to social infrastructure in its areas of operation, adding: “this will continue to be the cardinal community relations policy of the company.”
Earlier in an address on behalf of the community, the Community Secretary, Mr. Jake Isinka lauded Agip and its Joint Venture Partners for an improved relationship between the community and the company.
They said “the cordial relationship has made it possible for the community to benefit from various projects initiated and executed by the company including water scheme, electrification, town hall, as well as the various road projects executed and commissioned within the community.”
The highlight of the ceremony, which witnessed a large turnout of indigenes, was the presentation of the project completion certificate by the Stakeholder Management and Community Development Division Manager, Mr. Dennis Masi to the Paramount Ruler of Mgbede, Their Royal Highness, Eze. C. N. Ogor.
VATICAN CITY (AP) — Pope Francis denounced abortion on Saturday as the “white glove” equivalent of the Nazi-era eugenics program and urged families to accept the children as God given.
Francis spoke off-the-cuff during a meeting at an Italian family association. The Vatican didn't immediately provide a transcript of their remarks, but the ANSA news agency and the SIR agency of the Italian bishops' conference quoted him. The agencies claim they denounced pre-natal tests that can result in parents choosing to terminate a pregnancy, if the fetus is malformed or suffering other problems.
“Last century, the whole world was scandalized by what the Nazis did to purify the race. Today, we do the same thing but with white gloves,” the agencies quoted Francis as saying.
The pope urged families to accept children “as God gives them to us.”
Francis has repeated the strict anti-abortion stance of their predecessors and condemns what they call today's “throw-away culture.” They have frequently lamented how the sick, the poor, the elderly and the unborn are considered unworthy of protection by a society that prizes individual efficiency.
Francis has dedicated much of their pontificate to preaching about families, marriage and the problems that families today encounter. These issues they are expected to highlight during their August trip to Ireland where he'll close out the Catholic Church's big family rally.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham's Commonwealth Games hopes have been thrown into jeopardy after the city's bid for the 2022 event was labelled 'not fully compliant'.
Brum was the only city to submit a bid before the original deadline of September 30, and a win looked like a done deal.
But the Commonwealth Games Federation announced today that it has now extended the deadline to November 30 to “enable fully compliant proposals.
The bombshell news throws a huge question mark over the city's hopes of landing the Games, despite some praise from Louise Martin, Commonwealth Games Federation President.
They said: “I must congratulate the Birmingham bid team for the work that has been undertaken in preparing a comprehensive proposal for 2022.
“We have carefully reviewed the bids and updates received as part of the ongoing 2022 Candidate City Process and have agreed - noting the challenging time-scales and no fully compliant bid - that further time should be given to all interested parties to enable the submission of fully compliant proposals.”
Paul Blanchard, Chief executive of Commonwealth Games England, said that there had been a ‘huge effort' to put a bid together in such a short time.
They told the BBC: "We've always said that even though Birmingham was the only city to submit a bid there would still be a few hurdles to clear before a decision was made on formally awarding the Games.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Blanchard added the team will, as planned, “will be working with the Commonwealth Games Federation closely over the coming weeks to demonstrate that Birmingham would stage a world class Commonwealth Games in 2022”.
Potential bids from Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia and Victoria in Canada had run out of steam in recent weeks through the failure to secure funding.
In contrast Birmingham's bid won the backing of the Government which agreed to cover 75 per cent of the total funding - estimated to be between £600 million and £750 million.
A spokesperson from Birmingham 2022 said: “Birmingham worked closely with the DCMS to present a compelling and low risk bid for the city to host the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
“This was delivered within a very tight, but pre-agreed time frame because of the proximity of the 2022 Games and this was communicated to all interested parties.
“We expected a period of discussion and negotiation with the CGF following submission and we await further clarification from the CGF about the next steps.”
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said county officials are lowering the mandatory evacuation order to an evacuation warning as engineers have stabilized the threat of an auxiliary spillway failure at the Oroville Dam.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
GM boss flies to Germany to answer concerns over Peugeot deal
SARASOTA, Fla. (AP) — A Florida high school student stirred a backlash when they held up a sign with a racially offensive message to invite their girlfriend to the prom.
The Herald-Tribune reports the 18-year-old Riverview High School student's sign read: “If I was black, I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white, so I'm picking u 4 proms.”
After a photo of the sign was posted on Snapchat and shared across social media, school officials say they're investigating.
Sarasota school district spokesperson Tracey Beeker says administrators have spoken to the student and their parents.
In a robocall to Riverview parents, acting principal Kathy Wilks said the school does not “condone or support” the student's message.
An NAACP official encouraged school administrators to issue a district-wide response making it clear that the sign was inappropriate.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The event is set for March 9 to March 18 in Austin.
MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. — Seventh-graders Alex Hibbert and Jaden Piner returned to middle school Wednesday as stars of an Oscar-winning film, but the “Moonlight” actors still had to go back...
CLARE, Iowa (AP) — Two people have been charged with murder following the identification of a body found Saturday near the small central Iowa community of Clare.
Authorities on Monday said they have charged 25-year-old Phillip Anthony Williams, of Lafayette, Indiana, and 26-year-old Mackenzie Lee Knigge, of Clare, with first-degree murder in the death of Jessica Gomez. Williams and Knigge were being held at the Tippecanoe County Sheriff's Office in Lafayette.
The Iowa State Medical Examiner's Office on Monday confirmed that a body found Saturday in a field near Clare was the 26-year-old Gomez, of Fort Dodge, Iowa.
What would you do if your husband cheated on you…again?
Taraji P. Henson stars as Melinda, a loyal wife whose husband's latest infidelity sends them down a vengeful path, in Tyler Perry's upcoming thriller Acrimony.
In this EXCLUSIVE clip, Melinda suspects their husband Robert, played by Lyriq Bent (She's Gotta Have It), is cheating on them because they haven't had sex in months. While they co-worker asserts Robert learned their lesson the last time Melinda caught them in the adulterous act, their intuition is telling them otherwise. And by the looks of the trailer, all hell is about to break loose.
Acrimony hits theaters March 30.
RELATED STORIES:
Taraji P. Henson Denies Shading Ryan Seacrest
LET'S MAKEUP: Taraji P. Henson Has A Glow For Them Grecian Look
[WATCH] Taraji P. Henson Is Electrifying In New Trailer For Tyler Perry's ‘Acrimony'
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
As a child when I heard of God leading their people from Egypt to “a land flowing with milk and honey,” I pictured them finding urns and urns of both, freely flowing like waterfalls amidst beautiful, lush gardens.
It's a very poetic description, and one that's repeated throughout the Old Testament (Exodus 3:8; Numbers 14:8; Deuteronomy 31:20; Ezekiel 20:15).
As Latter-day Saints, we have additional scripture that mentions this imagery. Nephi's family is led to a land they call “Bountiful, because of its much fruit and wild honey” (1 Ne. 17:5) and later Nephi uses “milk and honey” as an example of a most desirable treasure, given by the Lord without our having to buy it (2 Ne. 26:25).
The Jaredites also mention the importance of the honey bee, which they called “deseret” (Ether 2:3) and in the Doctrine and Covenants Christ themselves speaks of giving their followers “greater riches, even a land of promise, a land flowing with milk and honey…” (D & C 38:18).
Rabbi Menachem Posner suggests that biblical honey is understood to be fruit nectar– specifically date honey– not bees' honey. Other scholars maintain the source of the honey is indeed bees. But all agree that this description describes a land that is so fertile and well-nourished that it produces sweet honey and fruit so superior that the nectar virtually overflows. And, in particularly fertile pastures, livestock could be said to do the same—to overflow with milk.
This vast, rich Promised Land sounds a bit like heaven itself, doesn't it? And it awaits God's chosen people. But, unlike the childhood notion I had, that it was simply there for the taking, there is more to the story.
First of all, milk does not flow into urns of its own accord. Livestock must be fed and cared for, and the animals must be milked by the labor of those tending the goats or cattle. Even if the animals produce abundantly, humans must work for this gift.
Likewise, with bees, honey has to be collected, and carefully so. Even if this is the “honey” of fruit, orchards must be planted, pruned, tended, and harvested. Honey does not find its way into our kitchens on its own.
In the case of the Israelites going into their fruitful new home, there would be far more work than the farming of livestock and bees; they first had to vanquish numerous enemies: Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, Perizzites, Hivites and Jebusites. So, while flowing milk and honey may await, there was much to overcome as these local people, large in number and large in stature, were well prepared to fight for their land.
When Moses sent spies into the area, though they returned with doubts about Israel being victorious in a battle there, they were all in accord that this was a land flowing with milk and honey. They came back with grapes so heavy that they had to be hoisted on a pole and carried by two men. (Numbers 13:23) They also brought figs and pomegranates, further evidence of the bounties there.
So many of the blessings we want in this life are available, but only on conditions of obedience and, usually, a good measure of hard work. To dream of ease and comfort, with chocolate rivers flowing by and candies floating through the air within our grasp, is not how God plans to reward us. They offer a glorious future, truly a “Promised Land” to all, but only if we're willing to humbly follow, repent, forgive, serve, and demonstrate genuine discipleship.
Often these traits can be acquired only through hardship and trial. How marvelous would it be if we could just take wisdom like a pill, swallow it down and be done with it? But that's not God's plan. Faith, wisdom, love, sacrifice, and a hundred other Godlike qualities are the byproduct of exertions on our part. Like honey or milk, we must work for them.
As you examine your life and see your own areas of weakness, the adversity you're dealing with and the struggles you may have ahead, it would be easy to decide you're in a rocky spot without much hope for improvement. But that's not God's view.  They are there to show us how to conquer our difficulties. They want us to turn to them for help. Along the way we grow in ways we simply wouldn't have, had our lives been lazy and indulgent.
So really, we are living in a land of milk and honey, it's just that some of us expected it to land in our drinking glasses with no effort on our part. What if we look at our lives as vehicles to grant us the sweetness and fullness of life by partnering with God and making Him our focus? Maybe the very challenge you're regretting is the vehicle to greater understanding and growth than you ever imagined. Maybe we just need faith enough to fight the Canaanites.
This kind of irony—that good that can come from bad—is not just wishful thinking. It's also built into this metaphor. Rabbi Posner points out that honey and milk share a paradoxical quality. “Honey is kosher, though it is produced by a non-kosher insect. Milk is kosher, though it comes from a cow whose meat may not be eaten together with milk.” What a fitting object lesson, a nugget hidden within the story, only visible to those who search a little deeper: Goodness can often come from places least expected.
Hilton's new LDS novel, Golden, is available in paperback and on Kindle. All their books and YouTubeMom videos can be found on their website. They currently serve as a Relief Society President.
Ignore the think pieces. Mass mourning over celebrity deaths is not just a current-generation phenomenon – the Internet and social media only accelerate and amplify how fans process profound, visceral sorrow.
Years from now, the most earnest, intensely felt remembrances on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter – the ones reacting to an untimely, unexpected passing of an icon like Chris
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Celebrity Deaths That Changed Music History: Gone Too Soon
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
By Josh Brown
jbrown@aimmediamidwest.com
TROY — Tippecanoe baseball coach Bruce Cahill almost second-guessed themselves out of the move that swung the momentum in their Red Devils' favor.
“The funny thing is we were going to put them in in that spot in the batting order, but (assistant) coach (Jim) Johnson said ‘he hasn't even warmed up enough yet!'” Cahill said of putting Kenten Egbert in to pinch hit to lead off the top of the fifth before entering as a relief pitcher in the bottom of the inning. “He'd already thrown a little, but they hadn't thrown enough. I'm just glad they didn't talk me out of it.”
Egbert led off the top of the fifth with a game-tying pinch hit home run then worked three stellar innings of relief to shut the Troy Trojans down the rest of the way, and the Red Devils were able to use that momentum to cobble together a four-run top of the seventh to claim a 5-1 victory on a misty, rainy Tuesday at Market Street Field and strike first in a two-game series that will go a long way in deciding the Greater Western Ohio Conference American North Division championship.
Troy (9-5, 8-1 GWOC American North) had taken the lead in the bottom of the third on a two-out RBI infield single by Jacob Adams. But Tippecanoe (16-1, 9-0 GWOC American North) — which had left runners stranded in scoring position in three of the first four innings — got a big jolt when Egbert stepped in and drove a 2-1 pitch over the fence in left-center to even the score at 1-1.
“How well did that work out? They needed to go warm up, so they hit a home run and has plenty of time to go warm up,” Cahill said.
Egbert then stepped in and limited the Trojans to only a sixth-inning double by Adams in three innings to get the win on the mound, striking out three and walking none in relief of starter Zach Losey, who, along with Troy starter Derek McDonagh and reliever Ethan West, struggled to keep the ball in the strike zone in the wet conditions, with those three pitchers combining to walk a total of 12 and hit two in the game.
“That's what you hate. You sit there and go ‘will it be us or them?'” Cahill said of the conditions. “Losey struggled a bit, walked some guys and threw three wild pitches, and they normally don't do that. The weather forces you to play in these games, because you don't want to get backed up, and we already lost yesterday (Monday's series opener was postponed to Wednesday due to the rain). It's just unfortunate that you've got to play in these conditions.”
Troy coach Ty Welker wasn't about to let the conditions be an excuse, though.
“That's no excuse. They had the same balls we did,” they said of all the free passes. “It's mentally draining (for the pitchers). And that's two guys (Losey and McDonagh) that don't walk guys. But whatever the conditions are, you have to be the toughest one. That's something we can control. But I wasn't disappointed in that.
“McDonagh threw a heck of a game. They got up in pitch count after six, and they threw one pitch he'd like to have back. But (Egbert) hit a nice ball. Derek did their job today, and we're supposed to score runs for him.”
McDonagh gave up five hits and seven walks in six innings of work, yet they only gave up the one run on the homer as the Trojan defense was solid behind them and helped them get out of jams in each inning. They struck out four and left nine Tippecanoe runners stranded — as well as picking off one, having catcher Keiran Williams catch another trying to steal and having one erased in a rundown between second and third to keep it a 1-1 game.
“That's the kind of team we are. We're scrappy,” Welker said. “I felt confident all the way. We left a couple guys on in scoring position early in the game, though, and we just needed somebody to get a hit.”
In the end, though, nobody got a game-breaking hit, but Tippecanoe made plays in the top of the seventh to take control.
Cole Barhorst led off by ripping an infield single off reliever West's glove, then West struck out the next batter for the first out. A hit batter and a walk loaded the bases, though, and Mason McClurg hit an RBI sac fly to left to put the Devils on top. Another hit batter reloaded the bases and Seth Clayton drew an RBI walk, then an error off the bat of Egbert allowed two more runs to score and make it a 5-1 game.
“We have to be the mentally tough team,” Welker said. “We know they're tough, they're battle-worn. We came out here and expected them to roll over — but we didn't roll over, either. We played a heck of a game for six innings. It was a battle.”
Troy's Adams was the only player with multiple hits in the game, going 2 for 3 with a double and an RBI as the Trojans left five runners combined on in the first three innings — four in scoring position — and six total in the game.
Egbert was 1 for 2 with a homer and an RBI and Mason McClurg was 0 for 1 with two sacrifices and an RBI for the Devils.
The two teams will meet again Wednesday at Tippecanoe with Troy needing a win to even up the division standings and Tippecanoe looking to take a seemingly-insurmountable two-game lead. The Trojans and Devils split the season series last year in Tippecanoe's first season as a member of the GWOC American North, and as of Tuesday's game the series has been split 6-6 since the 2006 season.
“This series has been split the last few years, so we've got to come back and go at it again tomorrow,” Cahill said. “We made more mistakes today than I care for. They gave us a lot of walks and hit batters, but we made some baserunning mistakes. We couldn't get a bunt down a couple times — just a lot of things we didn't do well. We're just glad to get out of here with a win today.”
“That's the good thing about baseball — we get to come back out here tomorrow,” Welker said. “We're going to show up, I'm sure they're going to show up, and it's going to be another battle.”
Contact Josh Brown at (937) 552-2132, or follow @TroyDailySports on Twitter.
Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Tippecanoe reliever Kenten Egbert, who also hit a game-tying home run in the fifth inning, delivers a pitch against Troy Tuesday at Market Street Field. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_042418lw_tipp_egbert1.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Tippecanoe reliever Kenten Egbert, who also hit a game-tying home run in the fifth inning, delivers a pitch against Troy Tuesday at Market Street Field. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Jacob Adams drives in the Trojans' lone run Tuesday against Tippecanoe. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_042418lw_troy_adams.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy's Jacob Adams drives in the Trojans' lone run Tuesday against Tippecanoe. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy third baseman Brandon Emery throws to second base to start a rundown Tuesday against Tippecanoe. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_042418lw_troy_emery.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy third baseman Brandon Emery throws to second base to start a rundown Tuesday against Tippecanoe. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy second baseman Miles McClurg throws to first base Tuesday against Troy. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_042418lw_tipp_milesmcclurg.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy second baseman Miles McClurg throws to first base Tuesday against Troy. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy second baseman Austin Kendall throws to first from their knees Tuesday against Tippecanoe. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_042418lw_troy_kendall.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy second baseman Austin Kendall throws to first from their knees Tuesday against Tippecanoe. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy shortstop Cole Brogan throws to first base Tuesday against Tippecanoe. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_042418lw_troy_brogan.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy shortstop Cole Brogan throws to first base Tuesday against Tippecanoe. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy left fielder Matt McGillivary throws the ball in after making a catch Tuesday against Tippecanoe. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_042418lw_troy_mcgillivary.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Troy left fielder Matt McGillivary throws the ball in after making a catch Tuesday against Tippecanoe. Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Tippecanoe's Kenten Egbert follows through on a game-tying solo home run Tuesday against Troy. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_042418lw_tipp_egbert.jpg Photo courtesy Lee Woolery/Speedshot Photo Tippecanoe's Kenten Egbert follows through on a game-tying solo home run Tuesday against Troy.
—
A SOUTH Australian church is under fire for announcing its intention to ban gay and trans people, as well as people with disabilities, from its congregation.
According to The Advertiser, the Adelaide-based FamilyVoice church group has said people with illnesses or disabilities could disturb the church's “sacred space”.
It also wants to be allowed to discriminate against gay and trans people, and on the basis of age.
“For very good reasons, a religion may not wish to engage a person who has a mental illness and displays disturbed behaviour,” the church wrote in a submission to a federal parliament enquiry into freedom of belief.
“Such behaviour would adversely affect a church service, which is sacred in nature.”
FamilyVoice argued that anti-discrimination laws “represent a direct assault on religious freedom”, and that current religious exemptions do not go far enough.
The submission by the church, which has a history of attacking gay and trans rights, has drawn criticism.
Australia's Dignity Party MLC Kelly Vincent called the comments “cruel and hypocritical”, and perpetuating “a dangerous stereotype”.
“For some, engagement in religious and spiritual activities might actually play an important role in achieving and maintaining positive mental health,” said Vincent.
“To deny that on the grounds of a sweeping misconception is not only legally unsound, it's cruel and hypocritical.
“FamilyVoice also argues that homosexual behaviour is immoral, and sex changes are delusional”.
Australians have taken to social media to express outrage at the church's comments.
“FamilyVoice, I will let my daughter express myself whenever they want, wherever they want and however they want. You have the problem,” tweeted one.
“Because Jesus would surely ban sick people from their services!” wrote another.
FamilyVoice, I will let my daughter express themselves whenever they want, wherever they want and however they want. You have the problem… pic.twitter.com/Kl62wpA0QZ — Clayton Goode (@clayton_goode) June 13, 2017
Because Jesus would surely ban sick people from their services! #FamilyVoicehttps://t.co/NWrHSiqxQt — Purple Wyrm (@Purple_Wyrm) June 13, 2017
In Jesus' name? Maybe FamilyVoice needs some collective mirror-time. — Gregory Dodwell (@gregreedee) June 13, 2017
In response to the submission, the Attorney-General's department said all Australians are free to choose, express and practise their religion within the framework of the law.
“Australia is home to a diversity of faiths, united by acceptance, mutual respect and a commitment to democratic traditions,” the department said.
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) — Nebraska Gov. Pete Ricketts says he's confident the state can reduce income and property taxes and balance the budget despite an $895 million projected revenue shortfall.
Ricketts is offering few specifics before their annual address to lawmakers, but in an interview with The Associated Press, they say the plan will focus on slowing state spending growth. They also hint that they might call on lawmakers to tap the state's rainy-day fund.
Lawmakers begin their 2017 session on Wednesday. Legislative leaders say the budget will make it nearly impossible to pass any major spending bills.
Ricketts says he's willing to discuss changes to their proposals as long as they don't raise taxes. They say they won't call for cuts to the Department of Correctional Services, an agency plagued by staffing shortages.
All contents © copyright 2016 Associated Press. All rights reserved
Girls soccer: Soukup strikes, and Palatine keeps Cup
hello
Steve Lundy/slundy@dailyherald.comFremd's Angie Zara, left, and Palatine's Mackenzie Filian go up for a header on Monday at Fremd.
Palatine senior Carolyn Soukup struck for the game-winner as Fremd's unbeaten start to the season ended with a 1-0 loss to the Pirates in the annual crosstown girls soccer contest at the Vikings' Hildebrant Field.
The Pirates (4-2-1, 3-0-0) will now hold the coveted Kinsella Cup, sponsored by the Celtic Soccer Club, for a fourth consecutive year.
"This was a big deal for all of us tonight, but for me, it was extra because my sister (Mackenzie) is a senior and playing in this game for the last time," said Palatine junior Kacie Filian, who along with their teammate, Sarah Clancy, were key figures in the Pirates' success.
"We obviously have a big rivalry with Fremd, and this year, with them coming into the game undefeated, we knew we had to do whatever we could to make them play our game -- and not theirs," said Clancy.
With the Palatine duo winning nearly every midfield ball, the Pirates were able to keep the Vikings' attack largely grounded.
"It was an ugly game, and one that we got up in almost right from the opening whistle," said Fremd coach Steve Keller.
The loss wasn't the worst of it for the Vikings.
Fremd back-line standout Julia Szylke was helped off in the first half. So was terrific midfielder Katie Kiolbassa, whose return from club along with Julia Leonard this spring had sparked a 6-0-1 start to the season before Monday's defeat.
"There were times when the referee needed to call things tighter in order to keep control, and that's something we would have liked to have seen," said Keller. "But the referee wasn't the reason we lost tonight. It was our play that did us in."
Fremd was also without one of its top forwards, Emilijias Peleckas, who was forced out of the action in Saturday's 1-0 victory over Conant.
"We'll wait and see on all three girls," said Keller, "and hope we get good news on each of them."
This MSL West division game had the look of one that would need 100 minutes to decide the outcome.
Soukup ensured that would not be the case just before the hour.
That's when the Pirates created one of several corners put in play by Mackenzie Filian. Clancy kept it in the mix, sending it back to Soukop.
Carrying to their right, the senior unleashed a bending attempt into the upper left corner, giving Vikings all-state keeper Kelsey Stone had no chance despite a valiant effort.
"That goal happens because Sarah did what they do so well, and that's keeping balls alive in our opponents end," said Kacie Filian.
Keller began pushing their players forward for the final 25 minutes. That included Leonard, who replaced Szylke in the center of their back line until the Soukop goal forced a tactical change by the home side.
The 3-5-2 formation added numbers for sure, but in turn, Pirates coach Willie Filian simply had their defenders sit deeper.
We did all we could to keep Fremd off the board tonight, and with some great work form our back line, as well as having our midfield winning so many balls right from the start, we were able to get out of here with a win," said Filian.
After a game at home against Wheeling on Wednesday, the Pirates begin pool play in the Naperville Invite against Loyola on Thursday. Next up for Fremd are matchups with Evanston and Hinsdale Central.
Government's claim of a ‘New Dawn' defined by restraint in spending, continues to unravel after the Department of Public Works (DPW) admitted to spending thousands of rands on cosmetic changes on the Parliamentary precinct for the 2018 State of the Nation Address (SONA).
In a reply to a DA Parliamentary question, the DPW revealed that it spent over R175 000 dismantling and re-erecting the scaffolding on Parliament's Marks Building for ‘for security, safety and aesthetics purposes'.
This latest revelation is yet more evidence that the culture of wasteful expenditure that had taken root during SONA under former President Zuma, continues to fester unhindered.
“It's unacceptable that money that could have been better spent improving the livelihoods of ordinary South Africans is constantly being diverted to pander to the cosmetic and aesthetic needs of the political elite,” said Malcolm Figg, the DA Shadow Minister of Public Works.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Who remembers the day Aston Villa's reserves sensationally put TEN past Arsenal in 2011?
It was a top-of-the-table clash between two of the leading lights in terms of developing young talent.
But Gary Gardner, Nathan Delfouneso and Co humiliated their Arsenal counterparts who boasted a line-up including Nico Yennaris, now at Brentford, and the once highly-rated Jay Emmanuel-Thomas.
The match will be remembered most fondly for Chris Herd scoring a hat-trick from right-back, but Andreas Weimann, Gardner and Delfouneso all helped themselves to braces while Jonathan Hogg got the other.
But where are they now?
Elliot Parish
The 27-year-old has gradually slipped down the leagues since departing Villa in 2012.
Parish now plays for Dundee up in Scotland after leaving Accrington Stanley in the summer.
Chris Herd
The Australian only officially left B6 in 2015 after a five-year association with the club.
Herd now plays for Western Sydney Wanderers.
Nathan Baker
Shane Lowry
Baker was still at Villa Park until last summer. Current manager Steve Bruce needed to boost the club's finances and decided to sell the defender to Bristol City for £4million.
Another of Villa's Aussie contingent, Lowry spent three years with the club after arriving in 2009.  They are now playing for Perth Glory back in their homeland.
Eric Lichaj
The USA international joined Nottingham Forest in 2013 and has been a regular at the City Ground ever since.
They scored a brace as Forest knocked Arsenal out of the FA Cup in January.
Isaiah Osbourne
The leggy midfielder made 30 appearances in Villa's first team before leaving the club in 2011. They have suffered terrible injury problems throughout their career.
Osbourne left Walsall last summer to join League Two side Forest Green Rovers.
Jonathan Hogg
The tenacious Hogg has been in outstanding form for David Wagner's Huddersfield Town this season.
Hogg helped the Terriers reach the Premier League for the first time with a series of top drawer displays in the engine room.
Gary Gardner
Brummie Gardner is still on Villa's books but he's currently trying to help Barnsley beat the drop from the Championship.
Gardner's loan spell at Oakwell comes to an end in May.
Zoltan Steiber
Steiber has gone on to enjoy a fine career and represented Hungary at the Euros in 2016. They scored a sumptuous chip in the first game against Austria and helped their team reach the knockout phase.
They play their club football for DC United in MLS.
Nathan Delfouneso
What happened to the man once tipped for Villa Park stardom? Delfouneso burst on to the scene as a teenager but soon saw their big chance escape from their grasp.
They now play for Blackpool in League One and has scored eight times in 44 appearances this season.
Andreas Weimann
The Austrian made their mark at Villa briefly before leaving for Derby County in 2015.
He's been a regular for the Rams this season and returns to Villa Park on Saturday.
Has your young child ever asked you a question you just can't answer? You're not alone - nearly half of parents admit they often struggle to answer their youngster's tricky questions.
So what's the solution? Around 50% of parents confess to turning to the internet in the hope of finding an answer, while a third just make it up. The survey, by Argos' Chad Valley Toys, found children under six ask an average 73 questions a day - meaning a lot of Googling and on-the-spot answers for mums and dads!
Child psychologist Dr Sam Wass, from Channel 4's The Secret Life Of 4/5/6 Year Olds, says: "As children grow up, it's natural to be curious about the world around them, and as parents, it's easy to forget just how much of our children's knowledge comes from what we tell them.
"Using educational and visual aids, such as toys, can help soften the difficulty of broaching trickier subjects," they advise. "Familiar items can often help children's understanding."
To help parents withstand the daily question onslaught a little more easily, Dr Wass has come up with some handy replies for some of the toughest queries.
Here's how to answer nine of the most challenging kids' questions...
1. Is Father Christmas real?
On this question, you're often playing catch-up to what they've heard in the playground. "So much of childhood is losing its innocence, so we try to keep hold of what we can," says Dr Wass.
Ask them what they think, and if they suggest reasons Father Christmas is or isn't real, discuss these with them - and perhaps ask how mummy and daddy could possibly afford all their presents if Father Christmas didn't provide them.
2. Why do people die?
It can be tempting to soften the truth about death with a child. But telling them something like, 'Granny went to sleep', can backfire and cause more confusion later.
Often, grasping death in the context of nature can help: Compare a person's life to a tree's leaves, which bloom in the spring, then change colour and eventually die in the autumn. Or through animals dying, which for many children is their first experience of death.
If someone close dies, perhaps say something like: 'Granny was very old and sick. They don't talk or eat or breathe any more, and we won't see them again. But the love we had for them will stay with us forever.'
3. Where did I come from?
For many children, 'from mummy's tummy' is an answer that satisfies them for years.
If they ask, 'How did I get into mummy's tummy?', go for something like: 'Daddy has seeds inside them called sperm. Mummy has eggs inside them instead. When grown-ups make a baby, the sperm from daddy needs to get to mummy's womb, so one can join up with the egg and fertilise it. That's the start of a new baby.'
4. What is God?
Don't be afraid to tell your child what you, personally, believe is the answer. It can also help to explain that different people have very different opinions on whether God exists, and, if so, what God is like.
5. What does 'we can't afford it' mean?
The answer depends on the age of the child. For an older child, this can be an opportunity to discuss why some people have more money than others. But for a younger child, it might be better to teach about budgeting, and planning, their resources. Tell them everybody has to decide what they most want, and has to save their money for important things.
6. Why do I have to go to school?
If your child asks this question a lot, try to find out why. If they just ask once, say school helps them practise using their brain, and make them aware of what they can use their brain for. Remind your child that mummy and/or daddy also have to go to work, to use their brain and earn money.
7. When you die who will I live with?
Reassure your child that it's very unlikely you're going to die soon, but tell them what would happen to them if you did, and that they'd live with someone they loved and trusted.
8. Why is the sky blue?
You need to know a bit of basic science for this one: Light from the sun looks white, but it's made from all the colours of the rainbow. The light travels in waves of different lengths, which are reflected off tiny bits of dust and other very small particles in the earth's atmosphere. Because blue light waves are shorter, they're more likely to hit the dust and other particles, and get reflected down to earth, making the sky look blue.
9. Why can't I stay up as late as you?
My instinct would be to use this an opportunity to teach a child about sleep.
Explain that sleep lets our bodies and brains rest, and when we're asleep and lying flat, our bones can grow. Because adults have stopped growing, children need more sleep than them.
Plus, when we sleep, our brains tidy themselves up and reorganise what we've learned during the day.
Children are learning new things very fast. For example, the average child learns 10 new words a day. Adults don't learn so fast, because they already know their words.
Viewpoint 10.1172/JCI96962
Genome editing of human embryos: to edit or not to edit, that is the question
1Department of Environmental Health and Engineering, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland, USA. 2Department of Medicine/Division of Infectious Diseases, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland, USA. 3Department of Biochemistry, University of Utah School of Medicine, Salt Lake City, Utah, USA. Address correspondence to: Srinivasan Chandrasegaran, Department of Environmental Health and Engineering, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, 615 North Wolfe Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21205, USA. Phone: 410.614.2289; Email: schandra@jhsph.edu. Or to: Dana Carroll, Department of Biochemistry, University of Utah School of Medicine, 15 N. Medical Drive East, Salt Lake City, Utah 84112, USA. Phone: 801.581.5977; Email: dana@biochem.utah.edu. Find articles by Chandrasegaran, S. in: JCI | PubMed | Google Scholar
1Department of Environmental Health and Engineering, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland, USA. 2Department of Medicine/Division of Infectious Diseases, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland, USA. 3Department of Biochemistry, University of Utah School of Medicine, Salt Lake City, Utah, USA. Address correspondence to: Srinivasan Chandrasegaran, Department of Environmental Health and Engineering, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, 615 North Wolfe Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21205, USA. Phone: 410.614.2289; Email: schandra@jhsph.edu. Or to: Dana Carroll, Department of Biochemistry, University of Utah School of Medicine, 15 N. Medical Drive East, Salt Lake City, Utah 84112, USA. Phone: 801.581.5977; Email: dana@biochem.utah.edu. Find articles by Bullen, C. in: JCI | PubMed | Google Scholar
1Department of Environmental Health and Engineering, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, Baltimore, Maryland, USA. 2Department of Medicine/Division of Infectious Diseases, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland, USA. 3Department of Biochemistry, University of Utah School of Medicine, Salt Lake City, Utah, USA. Address correspondence to: Srinivasan Chandrasegaran, Department of Environmental Health and Engineering, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, 615 North Wolfe Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21205, USA. Phone: 410.614.2289; Email: schandra@jhsph.edu. Or to: Dana Carroll, Department of Biochemistry, University of Utah School of Medicine, 15 N. Medical Drive East, Salt Lake City, Utah 84112, USA. Phone: 801.581.5977; Email: dana@biochem.utah.edu. Find articles by Carroll, D. in: JCI | PubMed | Google Scholar
Published in Volume 127, Issue 10 (October 2, 2017)
J Clin Invest. 2017;127(10):3588–3590. doi:10.1172/JCI96962.
Copyright © 2017, American Society for Clinical Investigation
(October 2, 2017)2017;127(10):3588–3590. doi:10.1172/JCI96962.Copyright © 2017, American Society for Clinical Investigation
Excerpt: The powerful tools of genome editing are rapidly making their way toward the clinic. Zinc-finger nucleases, TALENs, and CRISPR-Cas have all been used in conjunction with somatic cell therapies, and in vivo approaches are being tested. Both excitement and concern have been elicited by the prospects for gene editing in...
Preview pages Reset 3589-Page 3588 Back
—
A lesbian couple in South Carolina say they were discriminated against after a priest denied their kids admission to a Catholic school.
The women, who have been married since 2009, applied for their kids to attend St. Francis Catholic School in Hilton Head Island.
After being rejected by email, they spoke with the school's pastor by phone who allegedly told them the application was denied “because [they're] homosexual”, The Island Packet reported
“If we admit your children, it will send a bad message to the other families.”
The school stated that they rejected the couple's children not because of their parents' sexuality but because they are in a same-sex marriage, which is kind of the same thing.
“We reaffirm the dignity of all human beings, regardless of their beliefs. At the same time, our Catholic schools exist not only to promote academic excellence, but also to build a community of faith and prayer,” wrote Reverend Mike Oenbrink of St. Francis by the Sea Catholic Church.
“Based on Biblical and traditional teachings, we believe that God wills marriage to be a vowed, loving union between a man and a woman.
“We celebrate such a union as a Sacrament and, after prayerful deliberation, I reserve the right to admit to our parish school families which actively support that belief.”
The Diocese said they don't have a parish-wide policy on the topic, and that such decisions were left to the schools' pastors.
The couple said they were looking for an alternative to their kids' current school and that friends encouraged them to apply to St. Francis.
They also said that when they toured the school, its principal told them their marriage wouldn't be an obstacle.
“My children are being banned because of who I am. This is discrimination. Why punish my children for my choices?”
Even though support for same-sex marriage only continues to rise in the U.S. since its legalisation, instances of discrimination such as these are still occurring.
In February, a teacher at a Catholic school in Florida was fired just days after they married their wife.
N.C. Division of Marine Fisheries' Artificial Reef Program
BRUNSWICK COUNTY, NC (WWAY) — Anglers who fish in Brunswick County waters will find improvements at one of the offshore fishing sites this fall.
The N.C. Division of Marine Fisheries' Artificial Reef Program, in partnership with the Long Bay Artificial Reef Association, recently sank a barge and more than 1,600 tons of concrete pipe on Artificial Reef-430.
The new material will enhance fishing opportunities for anglers from Oak Island, Southport, and Ocean Isle who target nearshore species such as flounder, Spanish mackerel and king mackerel.
The reef is about 2.6 nautical miles offshore of Oak Island in about 35 feet of water.
Contractors sank the 75-foot barge on July 19. In August, 1,606 tons of concrete pipe was deployed at several locations on the reef site.
The division plans to sink up to another 2,500 tons of concrete materials on the site this fall, more than doubling the amount of material on the reef. The division initially deployed 2,000 tons of concrete pipe on the site in 2013.
Approximate coordinates for the new materials:
Latitude Longitude Barge 33° 52.326' N 78° 09.985' W Concrete Pipe 33° 52.339' N 78° 10.119' W Concrete Pipe 33° 52.363' N 78° 10.000' W Concrete Pipe 33° 52.314' N 78° 09.852' W Concrete Pipe 33° 52.190' N 78° 09.792' W
The division maintains 43 ocean artificial reefs and 25 estuarine reefs, 15 of which serve as oyster sanctuaries. Ocean reefs are located from one-half mile to 38 miles from shore and are situated so that they can be reached from every maintained inlet in the state.
The reefs serve as crucial spawning and foraging habitat for many commercially and recreationally important fish species in North Carolina.
Photo: Kirby Lee / USA TODAY Sports
By Hayden Wright
Beyoncé was the guest of honor at their mother Tina Knowles-Lawson's Wearable Art Gala this weekend, but Blue Ivy Carter stole the show.
Related: Beyoncé and JAY-Z Announce 2018 Tour Dates for ‘On the Run 2'
The celebration included an art auction and a portrait of Sidney Poitier hit the block. Six-year-old Blue Ivy entered a bidding war with none other than writer-director-producer Tyler Perry, making a $19,000 bid on the painting.
JAY-Z supervised Blue Ivy's bids and seemed to reign them in when the stakes rose to $20,000. You've got to know when to hold 'em, when to fold 'em, when to walk away and so on. This didn't look like Blue Ivy's first time bidding on expensive art and most likely won't be their last. Ultimately, Tyler Perry won the piece.
Blue Ivy didn't leave the gala empty-handed, however. They won a piece by artist Samuel Levi Jones for a more modest sum of $10,000.
Watch a clip from the event here:
Cal State Dominguez Hills President Willie J. Hagan, who has been leading the university since June 2012, has announced they will retire next year.
“It has been one of the most rewarding experiences of my career to serve as president of this great institution,” Hagan said. “I am very proud of the accomplishments this community has achieved over the past five years. Together we have strengthened the university on all fronts — student success, advancement, academics and facilities.
“We have set in motion initiatives that will have a long-lasting impact on the future of this university. I am confident that this community will carry on the good work we started together.”
Ahmadou Seck, coordinator for Overbrook Entertainment, has been elected to the junior board for the Colour Entertainment Group, a nonprofit organization dedicated to maximizing the potential of executives of color who work in the entertainment industry.
Through networking events, educational seminars, speaker series and mentoring, they engage, connect and support diverse executives who will continue to be successful in the ever-changing media world.
Cheers! features the everyday accomplishments of everyday people in South Los Angeles. To submit an item, send an email (with picture) to newsroom@wavepublication.com.
By MARK LONG, AP Sports Writer
Defensive end Keivonnis Davis, defensive lineman Richerd Desir-Jones, linebacker James Houston, linebacker Ventrell Miller, defensive lineman Jordan Smith and offensive tackle Kadeem Telfort also won't play Sept. 2 against the Wolverines in Arlington, Texas.
The players were suspended for misusing school-issued funds, according to a person familiar with the situation. The person spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity Sunday because Florida did not release details of the suspensions.
“We have a small group of players that have made some choices that are extremely disappointing,” coach Jim McElwain said in a statement. “Action has been taken: They have missed some practice and will miss the Michigan game. We will use this as a learning opportunity and we will have some players step up as we move forward.”
Being without Callaway could be big since he's the team's top offensive playmaker. In two seasons, the junior from Miami has 89 catches for 1,399 yards and 11 touchdowns.
But their talent has been overshadowed by their troubles.
Callaway pleaded no contest to misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia in May and was suspended for the spring semester in 2016 amid sexual battery allegations. They admitted in court documents that they smoked marijuana, though they were eventually cleared of the battery allegation by a Title IX investigation.
Callaway was internally disciplined following the marijuana citation this spring.
Davis was expected to be a key contributor in Florida's defensive line rotation. They had 27 tackles, 1½ sacks and a forced fumble in 2016.
___
More AP college football: www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
More than 60 jingle bell joggers took part in this year's Lauder Santa Run, held on Sunday, December 3.
Participants chose either a 1km or 5km run – and they were able to do it bedecked in a rather splendid Santa hat, which came free with the entry fee.
Monies raised went towards the running of the leisure centre, which is kept going by a committee of volunteers.
Catriona Derrick, who organised the event with Careen Paterson, told us: “It was a fantastic day, and we'll be doing it again next year. In the summer, we hope to hold a colour run, where runners are covered in dye, which could get pretty messy!”
BRUSSELS - UN Syria envoy Staffan de Mistura on Tuesday urged the international community to prevent a fresh humanitarian disaster in the rebel-held region of Idlib, the likely next target of the regime's fightback.
Mistura told a donor meeting in Brussels that Idlib risked suffering the same fate as Aleppo, seized in a Russian-backed Syrian offensive in 2016, and Eastern Ghouta, retaken by the regime shortly after an alleged chemical attack in early April.
"We were and are concerned on the humanitarian side by Idlib. Because Idlib is the big new challenge, 2.5 million people," Mistura told a press conference with EU diplomatic chief Federica Mogherini.
"And you will not believe that all of them are terrorists of course. There are women, children, civilians, and this is looming up there," they added.
"So we hope that this would be an occasion for making sure that Idlib does not become the new new Aleppo, the new Eastern Ghouta, because the dimensions are completely different," Mistura added.
The EU and UN on Tuesday began a two-day push to drum up fresh aid pledges for war-torn Syria and reinvigorate the faltering Geneva peace process as the conflict enters its eighth year.
The meeting comes in the wake of strikes by the United States, France and Britain on Syrian military installations in response to the alleged chemical weapons incident in Douma which has been widely blamed on Damascus.
Mistura said a UN Security Council retreat in a secluded farmhouse in Sweden at the weekend called in a bid to overcome its paralysis on Syria had lowered the "temperature" but failed to find a political solution.
"After two weeks of terribly tense and rhetorically intense meetings, there was a need again to bring down the temperature," Mistura said.
"Has this avoided or completely resolved the division which exists in the Security Council on Syria, which is the biggest problem the UN has... no," they added.
"Has the atmosphere gone down and the understanding that there are common issues that can be faced together, yes,"
Mogherini and de Mistura both called on Russia, Iran and Turkey -- the three powers involved in the so-called Astana process seeking peace in Syria -- to do more to reach a ceasefire.
"The main message is that Syria is not a chessboard, it's not geopolitical game," former Italian foreign minister Mogherini told the news conference.
"I believe they (the three Astana process countries) have not only a responsibility but also an interest in making the ceasefire work."
Easter Sunday served as a mini-Destiny's Child reunion when a very pregnant Beyonce celebrated the holiday alongside Kelly Rowland.
Beyonce's mother Tina Lawson marked the occasion by Instagramming a photo of themselves standing in between the two former girl-group members:
3/4th of my girls❤️ Missing 1/4 at Cochella😌 My Solo❤️❤️Bianca A post shared by Tina Knowles (@mstinalawson) on Apr 16, 2017 at 3:43pm PDT
They then gave a shoutout to their other daughter Solange, adding, “Missing one-fourth at Coachella.”
Check out more HERE.
The Kingdom Centre shopping mall in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Changes forced on the GCC as a result of lower oil prices are expected to increase the share of the non-oil sector in GDP.
Dubai: Sharp decline in oil prices over the past two and a half years have come as a blessing in disguise for the GCC economies, that all the regional economies are changing forever, said Abudul Aziz Al Ghurair, Chairman of UAE Banks Federation (UBF) and CEO of Mashreq.
While the contraction in oil revenues have forced governments to rationalise and prioritise spending, all have been adopting measures to augment and diversify revenues through new sources.
AbdulAziz Al Ghurair
“Clearly, governments are exploring fiscal, structural and monetary reforms to live with the new reality of low oil prices. The private sector is also fast adapting through restructuring and cost reductions. Overall, on the positive side, the efficiency levels of both governments and private sector across the region are improving,” said Al Ghurair.
The changes forced on GCC as a result of lower oil prices are expected to increase the share of non-oil sector to the total GDP. Currently in the UAE, the non-oil sector roughly accounts for 70 per cent of the GDP and the country targets to raise this share to 90 per cent by 2030.
“The UAE has been a front-runner in economic diversification in the region, but with the oil price uncertainty looming on the future of GCC, the share of non-oil economic activity has gained momentum with greater participation of private sector,” said Al Ghurair.
Banks adapting fast
The banking and financial services sector in the region are adapting fast to both global and regional economic challenges and new opportunities, Al Ghurair said. Although the banks in the region have remained resilient to the financial crisis and the more recent oil price decline, they said banks are facing sharp increase in cost of doing business from various global compliance requirements.
“Irrespective of the fact whether you are a local, regional or global bank, the overall compliance costs have been increasing. The impact of regulatory costs linked to US FATCA (foreign account tax compliance act), IFRS 9 (International Financial Reporting Standards) and rising capital requirements are universal and banks are challenged to look at innovative ways to make their business models viable under the fast changing regulatory environment,” they said.
Fintech and digital banking opportunities, according to A Ghurair will help to rationalise costs and deliver products and services more efficiently. While a number of banks in the region are fast embracing fintech and digital opportunities.
“Fintech entry is challenging in terms to costs and technology adoption but the opportunities are massive as millennials want their financial service to be delivered on digital platforms of their choice. With that increasingly becoming the norm, for banks in the region, digitisation is no longer an option,” said Al Ghurair.
Unbanked segments
Financial services industry in the region, they said is in the early stages of massive transformation with cashless transactions becoming a norm than an exception and banks individually and collectively seeking to increase customer satisfaction.
“In the UAE, on both these fronts we are making serious efforts under the leadership of UBF. While the UAE Mobile Wallet project aims to eliminate cash transactions with such services extended to tourists and unbanked segments of the society, serious efforts are undertaken to measure customer satisfaction and offer proactive solutions,” they said.
Unethical practices in the past have resulted in some amount of trust deficit in the banking sector Al Ghurair said self-regulation and active involvement of regulators in banking practices and incentive structures are expected to boost people's trust.
The oil price decline is also changing the ways in which governments, government related entities and private companies approach financing. While a number of privatisation plans are in the pipeline, a number of government owned entities (GREs) from the region are exploring IPO opportunities and debt funding.
“Under the new environment, private sector entities, especially family owned businesses are likely to seek funding through equity capital markets. I believe this is a huge opportunity to expand our capital markets while offering businesses to raise equity financing,” said Al Ghurair.
On a late fall afternoon, a young woman in their early 20s walked up to the reception desk of the Studio Museum in Harlem and asked, politely, how they could exhibit their own work in the institution's galleries. Given that the Studio Museum is one of the kingmakers of the international art scene—thanks to the leadership of director Thelma Golden—the request was a bit fantastical.
But Golden has made a point of nurturing talent from the surrounding neighborhood, so the receptionist promptly shared material about the museum's residency program. “What makes this institution unique is the way in which we see our role,” says Golden of the museum she's led for 12 years. “We are devoted to the presentation, interpretation, flight attendantship, and collection of artwork. But we also see ourselves as advocates for the artists themselves.”
Golden grew up in Queens and studied art history at Smith College. They began their career at the Studio Museum in 1985, first as an intern while they were still in college, then as a fellow in the curatorial department after graduation. In 1998 they moved to the Whitney Museum of American Art, where they made their name by organizing exhibitions such as “Black Male: Representations of Masculinity in Contemporary American Art.”
“She could probably have gotten any job when they left the Whitney,” says Tom Eccles, executive director of the Center for Curatorial Studies at Bard College. But Golden chose to return to the Studio Museum as its deputy director in 2000. Leaving a superbly funded, comparatively large institution and going to the Studio Museum “was rather a brave choice,” Eccles says. In 2005 the museum named Golden its director and chief curator.
Golden was appointed to the Committee for the Preservation of the White House in 2010 and joined the board of the Obama Foundation in 2015. Most recently, they were one of three people who advised the former first family on which artists to choose for their official portraits.
Golden has proved an able fundraiser for the Studio Museum, raising 70 percent of a $175 million capital drive. Part of that will fund the construction of a new home in a larger building designed by the British architect David Adjaye, in collaboration with the firm Cooper Robertson. The building, Golden says, “will allow us to serve our artists, our collection, our audience, and our neighborhood in the way that it deserves.”
Time, place and manner policy put on hold
President Michael Schill told University Faculty Senate leadership Tuesday morning that they will be placing the proposed Time, Place and Manner and Protection of Free Speech Policy on hold.
According to an email sent to Senate President Bill Harbaugh and Vice President Chris Sinclair, Schill determined that more work had to be done to refine the policy.
“While I still believe that these rules are advisable to protect content neutrality,” Schill states in the email, “I am also convinced that we need to do more work in educating the community and building consensus around them.”
The Senate met the proposed policy with significant reluctance and planned to propose an alternative policy this spring. The University of Oregon does not have a clear set of guidelines to govern protests on campus. Instead, a combination of policies including the Facilities Scheduling and Freedom of Inquiry and Speech policies make up the standards for student protesters.
The TPM policy was attempting to combine the rules and regulations contained in these policies into one. Harbaugh does not believe that the university needs such a policy.
“The university has operated under the existing rules for six years now without any problems,” they told the Emerald last week.
This story will be updated as it develops.
Comments
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than 250 hate crimes were committed against children in just one year, figures from West Midlands Police reveal.
And across the wider West Midlands region, there were 880 hate crimes where there the victims were under 18.
They include racist and religiously-motivated abuse.
The figures were provided by police to children's charity the NSPCC, which said children were sometimes targeted for abuse after high-profile terrorist ncidents.
West Midlands Police recorded 257 hate crimes against people under 18 in the 12 months up to April 2017.
This was up slightly from 233 hate crimes the year previously.
Across the country as a whole, there were 5,349 hate crimes aimed at people under 18.
The NSPCC, which runs the Childline telephone helpline for children, published the figures as it launched a new campaign called Understand Me,
It said children are suffering in silence from physical bullying, verbal abuse, cyberbullying and racist name calling because of the colour of their skin, religious beliefs or their accent.
The charity says it has provided almost 2,700 counselling sessions about race and faith based bullying in the last three years.
And it says there has been an increase in demand for counselling following terror attacks, with the number rising by over a third following the Westminster attack in March 2017, compared to the previous month.
Some young people contacting Childline said the abuse and negative stereotyping was so cruel they had self-harmed, or the bullying inside and out of school made them feel isolated and withdrawn from society. Others said they no longer wanted to go to school because they were worried about the abuse they would face.
NSPCC CEO Peter Wanless said: “It's heartbreaking to think that some children are targeted by bullies because of their race, culture or nationality. Racist jokes and negative stereotyping can be hurtful and leave young people feeling isolated and ashamed of who they are or where they are from.
“Our Understanding Me campaign aims to reach out to all children who are experiencing racial or faith based bullying and make sure they know that they are not alone. No child should suffer in silence and anyone is targeted must be supported to tell someone and ask for help.”
Dame Esther Rantzen, President of Childline said: “Bullying of any kind is vile, but targeting someone because of the colour of their skin, religious beliefs or their accent is simply unacceptable. Children are taking on board prejudices around race and religion in society and trading them as playground insults, with extremely harmful results.
“Young people should be encouraged to be proud of who they are. Racial bullying can be hard to cope with but young people need to know they don't have to carry this burden alone. Childline is here for all young people and talking to someone might help them find a way to deal with the situation.”
Any child worried about bullying can call Childline on 0800 11 11. Any adult who is concerned about a child can call the NSPCC Helpline on 0800 800 5000.
Hate crimes recorded by police force 2016-17:
Staffordshire Police 123
Warwickshire Police 64
West Mercia Police 160
West Midlands Police 257
MAIDUGURI, Nigeria — Nigerian officials say 21 Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram extremists more than two years ago have been freed. Presidential spokesperson Mallam Garba Shehu tweeted Thursday that...
Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Allen Hurns (17) is pictured at Dallas Cowboys mandatory minicamp in Frisco, Texas, on Monday, June 12, 2018. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
While giving an emotional speech to introduce Paul Posluszny at their retirement ceremony in April, Jacksonville linebacker Telvin Smith mentioned a current member of the Dallas Cowboys.
Smith was explaining the time Posluszny continued to play despite tearing a pectoral muscle.
Only one other time in Smith's football career had they witnessed that level of toughness.
It happened last November when former Jags receiver Allen Hurns suffered a high ankle sprain while making a catch with less than a minute remaining against San Diego.
Jacksonville was out of timeouts and trailing by 3, so after making the 6-yard reception, Hurns crawled to the Jaguars' sideline in pain.
That decision saved the team a 10-second clock runoff. Four plays later, Jacksonville tied the game and then eventually won in overtime.
"Before the play, I was thinking, 'Get out of bounds,' because I knew the situation we were in," Hurns said last month after a minicamp practice. "Once I got hit, I knew I had to get out of bounds ... so I crawled off. I was lucky I was close to our sideline.
"I was in so much pain, but it's something you just sacrifice for the team."
SANTA CLARA — Are the 49ers really going to hire a head coach before their next general manager?
It seems like that option is on the table.
San Francisco, Los Angeles and Jacksonville are three teams who have contacted the Patriots about interviewing offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels this week.
League source confirms that the Jaguars, 49ers and Rams have reached out to Josh McDaniels about their head coaching vacancies — Ben Volin (@BenVolin) January 2, 2017
McDaniels is available to interview all throughout this week because the Patriots have a first round bye in the postseason. The next time a team could interview them would be after the AFC Championship game, or if the Patriots are eliminated (not likely).
McDaniels famously coached the Denver Broncos from 2009-10, where they had personnel power and drafted Tim Tebow in the first round. They posted an 8-8 record before being fired after a 4-12 campaign in year two. McDaniels rebounded with the Rams and has been coaching with the Patriots since 2012.
The 40-year-old is seen as one of the top candidates on the market for several reasons. There's a chance Patriots personnel guru Nick Cesario would want to join McDaniels as a GM with another club, and there's a chance the duo could deliver quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo in a trade.
The downside to McDaniels? All success in the NFL has been with Tom Brady. McDaniels originally landed that Denver gig because they were New England's offensive coordinator (this is their second stint). Remember Charlie Weiss? They also had success with Brady and never amounted to much without him.
What if McDaniels turns down the 49ers request? That's not totally out of the equation, considering how Jed York is operating the franchise.
Keep it on KNBR.com for all the latest in what will likely be a long, drawn out coaching search.
The province has decided to continue construction on a multi-billion-dollar hydroelectric dam, despite the project being over budget and behind schedule.
B.C. Premier John Horgan announced Monday that the government is opting to continue construction on the Site C dam, rather than cancel or delay it.
The dam was initially estimated to cost $8.3 billion, but Horgan announced that the latest estimate puts the total at $10.7 billion.
This is a developing news story and will be updated shortly. Original article follows.
Premier John Horgan is expected to announce whether their government will continue or cancel construction on the partially built Site C dam on Monday.
Construction began two years ago on the multi-billion-dollar megaproject first initiated by the Liberal government.
The hydroelectric dam, which will cost an estimated $8.3 billion if completed, has been the subject of protests and court challenges. Ministers were in meetings last week wrestling with the decision that will affect more than 2,000 workers.
While terminating the project would cost the province $1.8 billion, in addition to the $4 billion already spent, a recent report suggested continuing construction could cost more than $10 billion. Suspending the project then restarting it in 2024 would cost at least $3.6 billion more than the original price tag.
The B.C. Utilities Commission review said the dam is over budget and behind schedule, and said it believes focusing on viable alternative sources like wind and geothermal energy would provide similar benefits at an equal or lower cost.
The NDP campaigned on having the project reviewed, a practice that was once standard in B.C. before the Liberals' clean energy laws allowed some projects to bypass review.
Horgan is expected to make an announcement on their government's decision at 11:30 a.m. in Victoria.
With files from The Canadian Press
Editor's note: This is part of a series of Rangers player outlooks for the offseason. SportsDay Rangers insider Gerry Fraley breaks down how each player did in 2017 and what to expect going forward.
MARTIN PEREZ
Position: Left-handed starting pitcher
Size: 6 feet, 200 pounds
Opening day age: 26
How acquired: Signed as an international free agent on July 2, 2007. Received a $580,000 signing bonus
Major league service time: 5 years, 38 days
Contract status: Club holds options for 2019 at $7.5 million, with a $750,000 buyout, and for 2020 at $9 million, with a $250,000 buyout
2017 recap: Perez worked more than 180 innings for the second consecutive season but also had the sixth-highest ERA among major-league qualifiers at 4.82. Perez could not avoid big innings. They gave up multiple runs in a team-high 31 innings. That included 14 innings with three or more runs allowed. Blame that on an inability to miss bats. Perez had the fourth-lowest strikeout rate among major-league qualifiers at 5.59 per nine innings. They also had the fifth-lowest swinging strike rate at 7.3 percent. It marked the fourth consecutive season in which Perez has had a swinging strike rate of less than 8 percent.
2018 outlook: The Rangers expect Perez to miss the first month of the regular season because of a fractured radial head in the non-pitching elbow. When Perez returns, they have to come up with something to make them more effective against right-handed hitters. Over the last two seasons, Perez has allowed the third-highest average (.296) and sixth-highest on-base percentage (.361) by right-handed hitters among 60 major-league qualifiers. They also have the lowest strikeout rate at 4.49 per nine innings. Both fastballs and the curveball have not worked against them.
Twitter: @gfraley
Judy Kay McGlothlin, 65, wife of Gary M. McGlothlin, died Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2017, at the James B. Haggin Memorial Hospital.
Born Sept. 11, 1951, they were the daughter of the late Julius Estes and Catherine Lowry Carroll.
They were a former employee for the Kentucky State Department of Disability and was a member of Fellowship Baptist Church.
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as they are. They led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," they say. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," they say, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, they argue, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for their husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," they say. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of their family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. They run a clinic that dispenses free medicine to their poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," they say.
They don't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about their nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into their house warning them to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. They hide out here when he's afraid.
They repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but they say the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
They trace it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, they believe, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of their age, but says they used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so they predate Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, they said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is their messenger,'" they say, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, they say, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
Their granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. They say he's proud of Pakistan, which they describe as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for their grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard their grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to their own children.
Besides, they say, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
Photo: Greg Williams
By Jon Wiederhorn
Heading into the 2018 GRAMMY nomination season, many expected Ed Sheeran to sweep numerous categories. While they were nominated for two GRAMMYs – Best Pop Solo Performance (“Shape Of You”) and Best Pop Vocal Album (Divide) — Sheeran isn't on the ballot for the biggest awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year.”
Related: Ed Sheeran Trades Beer-Stained Shirt For Niall Horan Hockey Jersey
In a recent interview, Sheeran said they aren't upset when they found out about the snub; in fact, they believe it was ‘meant to be.'
“There's a very clear reason why that happened and it's bigger than me, like much bigger than me. And like it's just something that, again, it was just meant to be,” they told Billboard. “That is the way that this year was meant to roll out.”
Sheeran added that they have everything going for him, and they have received numerous recent honors and accolades, so why complain?
“You know, I'm not dying. It's not like I'm never gonna be nominated for a Grammy again,” they said. “And I was nominated for two GRAMMYs. This is why everything's meant to be. The week after that, I get an MBE from the palace, I go Number One on Spotify, I go Number One on Billboard. I'm about to have my second ever Billboard Number One. Like, there are so many other things in the mix that counterbalance it.”
“That's just the way I live my life,” they concluded. “When one door closes, another door opens. You'll really, really send yourself mental if you think into things too much, and I'm just so easy-going when it comes to that.”
Campari America(LOS ANGELES) — While actor Ryan Reynolds made headlines in February for buying Portland-based spirits company Aviation Gin, their red-suited alter-ego Deadpool just snagged their own booze-based promotional gig, for Tequila brand Espolòn.
“We are excited to announce that the loquacious anti-hero Deadpool, will assume the role [of our] Creative Director for Culture ‘n Stuff,” said Christine Moll, Marketing Director for the tequila brand's parent company Campari America, in a statement.
“While Deadpool has absolutely zero experience in marketing anything other than himself, Espolòn has taken brave, bold chances with marketing in the past and so will entrust Deadpool to bring their self-declared ‘creative genius' to a movie-themed ad campaign.”
The Merc with the Mouth themselves admits in a statement he's taking the job for, well, mercenary reasons –“I needed the money” — but also took a jab at Reynolds himself: “There is absolutely no reason why that Canadian gobstopper is getting all the glory. I'm a legit superhero. He's just some guy who's famous thanks to those two girls and that pizza place,” — the latter a reference to Reynolds short-lived sitcom.
Deadpool has already started earning their keep, with a series of ads that fit the cheeky character perfectly. One shows a cut-out Deadpool head hastily taped on a bathing woman's body, and the legend, “Anytime is bath time with Espolòn.”
Deadpool 2 hits theaters nationwide on May 18th.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA – SENATE President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, Wednesday denied reports that their trial at the Code of Conduct Tribunal, CCT, formed part of discussions at the meeting, members of the nPDP had with Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo.
According to him, the issue of CCT and that of Supreme Court were never discussed at the meeting.
A statement by Saraki's Special Adviser, Media and Publicity, Yusuph Olaniyonu, read, “The attention of the Senate President, Dr. Abubakar Bukola Saraki, has been drawn to the front page headline in the May 30, 2018, edition of The Nation newspaper – ‘Ex-nPDP: stop Saraki's trial'. The body of the story was contained on Page 6 of the newspaper.
“Ordinarily, Dr. Saraki would have ignored the story as they have done in the cases of other speculative ones concerning the on-going discussions between the new People's Democratic Party (nPDP) and the Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government published by the newspaper, but since this story specifically mentioned an issue concerning them and the newspaper is associated both in ownership and viewpoint with a section of the APC leadership, it may be perceived to have some level of authenticity.
“The trial of Dr. Saraki over asset declaration issues which is now before both the Supreme Court and the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) was never part of the discussions over the grievances of the nPDP leaders and all those who attended the meeting with Vice President Yemi Osinbajo can attest to this. The issues being discussed between the nPDP and the APC leaderships are beyond personal matters.
“Dr. Saraki will want it known that they are not interested in any settlement of the asset declaration case outside the judicial process.  They are confident that the court will give them justice and they will be exonerated of all charges as can be seen by the verdicts of the CCT and the Court of Appeal. In fact, they maintain their earlier position that the trial was politically and maliciously motivated.
“The Senate President's only concern is that all interested parties should allow the judiciary to freely and fairly decide on the issues before it. Dr. Saraki believes in the rule of law, independence of the judiciary and ability of the court to adjudicate on all matters.
“The Senate President has consistently exhibited a strong belief that nobody should compromise national interest with personal issues. And this has guided their actions, conduct and utterances in the performance of their official duties in the last three years, despite the persistent persecution and intimidation directed at him.
“While urging Nigerians to ignore the speculations contained in The Nation's story, Dr. Saraki maintains that there is no reason for them to depart from their avowed principle that the nation is greater than any individual, including himself.”
Libraries in Las Vegas and Winnipeg are going at it on Twitter.
There's been no shortage of smack talk on social media during this year's NHL playoffs.
Even libraries in Las Vegas and Winnipeg have been going at it on Twitter, as the Vegas Golden Knights and the Winnipeg Jets duke it out in the Western Conference Finals.
Camille Cannon is the woman behind Las Vegas-Clark County Library District's social media accounts. Now she's on the front line of a Twitter battle.
"We have been going back and forth with the Winnipeg public library with book spines that give a message to them and the Jets," they said.
Winnipeg took the first shot tweeting: "Get ready for a blast of our Winnipeg whiteout" and a picture of books titled Game On and Sleepless Knights.
Las Vegas was quick to fire back.
"I tweeted that we are ready for you and we put a book on hold and it was a kids book called Hockey, How it works, so that one seems to really have taken off," Cannon said.
The libraries have continued to go back and forth using different books each time.
"What I sort of gathered was the teams before go a little lighter with their jabs but we were fierce in our commitment to the Golden Knights and we're just really excited about it, so I guess we took it a little further," Cannon said.
The Winnipeg librarian who started picking social media fights with opposing team's libraries since the beginning of the playoffs said they are glad Las Vegas isn't letting them off easy.
"We kind of appreciated that they went slightly less polite right off the bat because it's actually a lot more fun, and in some ways a little bit easier if you're not trying to restrain yourself as much or be as cute. You can say what you're thinking," Winnipeg information worker Monique Woroniak said.
Follow @LVCCLD on Twitter for the latest on the ongoing feud.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Image copyright Emmanuel Izuchwu / BBC Igbo Image caption People have been able to play football in deserted streets in Ariaria in south-eastern Abia state
A stay-at-home protest by Biafran separatists in Nigeria has crippled cities and towns in the south-east.
Streets are empty and markets, banks and schools are closed to mark the abortive attempt in 1967 to gain independence for the region.
It led to a bitter three-year civil war in which more than one million people were killed.
The authorities have warned the secessionists against street protests and security forces are on patrol.
South-eastern Nigeria is mainly inhabited by the ethnic Igbo community, who often complain of marginalisation - accusing successive governments of failing to develop their areas.
Image caption Areas which pro-secessionist groups want as their own homeland
In the last few years, there have been a resurgence of support for a breakaway state of Biafra led by the banned group Indigenous People of Biafra (Ipob) and the Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra (Massob).
The BBC Igbo service says there has been a total shutdown in the Igbo heartland of Enugu and Anambra states.
Image copyright Eze Ndu / BBC Igbo Image caption This timber market in the oil hub of Port Harcourt was among the many businesses that observed the stay-away call
The southern oil city of Port Harcourt as well as parts of Abia state have also been affected by the stay-away.
You may also be interested in:
People have been sending in photos to BBC Igbo of deserted streets, including one of the iconic Niger River Bridge in Onitsha, known as the gateway to the east, which is usually congested with traffic.
Image copyright Tonie Iwoba / BBC Igbo Image caption Onitsha's Niger River Bridge would usually be heaving with traffic
Ipob leader Nnamdi Kanu is currently facing treason-related charges.
They have not been seen in public since last September when their house was raided by the Nigerian military. The army denies arresting them and their whereabouts are unknown.
Biafra at a glance:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nigeria's Biafra leader in 1969 urges on their 'brave boys'
First republic of Biafra was declared by Nigerian military officer Odumegwu-Ojukwu in 1967
They led their mainly ethnic Igbo forces into a deadly three-year civil war that ended in 1970
More than one million people lost their lives, mostly because of hunger
Decades after Biafra uprising was quelled by the military, secessionist groups have attracted the support of many young people
They feel Nigeria's central government is not investing in the region
The government says their complaints are not particular to the south-east.
Read more:
'Nigeria treats us like slaves'
How first coup still haunts Nigeria 50 years on
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A schoolboy was stabbed in the head outside a Birmingham mosque in a random attack by a man carrying a knife, a court heard.
Dominic Palmer also carried out a second attack on a woman on their way to work in the street hours later, it was alleged.
The 29-year-old, of Herbert Road, Small Heath, has denied two charges of attempted murder and two of wounding with intent.
Stephen Linehan QC, prosecuting at Birmingham Crown Court, said: “This case is about two attacks carried out in two streets in Small Heath on the same day on two people but some hours apart.
“The man who carried out the attacks used a knife and their intent was to kill.
“Mercifully they failed and they survived.”
Mr Linehan said the first victim was a 15-year-old, who along with their family, had attended the Idaara Maarif-e-Islam mosque in Herbert Road for a Muslim festival.
They left but they and their father returned at around 1am to pick up an older brother, said Mr Linehan.
“Unknown to them the defendant had left their flat armed with a knife and gone in the streets of Small Heath looking for a victim,” they said.
Mr Linehan said Palmer had walked down Herbert Road and then “without warning” attacked the teenager.
“There is no evidence to suggest these two had ever met before or knew each other in any way.
“The teenager was simply a victim chosen at random.
“The same applies to the next victim some hours later.”
Mr Linehan said Palmer stabbed the 15-year-old a number of times, twice to the front before “driving the knife through their skull and into their brain”.
“He was screaming and their father and others came to help.
“When they got to them they were lying on the floor unconscious. The defendant had run away.”
The victim was rushed to hospital, where doctors saved their lives.
Police arrested Palmer at their home later that morning and officers found a pair of blood-stained tracksuit trousers and trainers, they said.
They were unaware at the time that, at around 5.45am, they had carried out another attack on Mitzie Harper, a woman in their 50's who had been on their way to a cleaning job, said Mr Linehan.
Palmer brushed against them as they were walking down Cyril Road, the court heard.
“Something about the look on their face made them feel uneasy and they turned to look back,” Mr Linehan said.
They saw them walking away but they then came back up behind them and launched an attack, with the knife causing “nasty wounds.”
In a recorded interview, Mrs Harper said the main thing they remembered about their attacker was their “scary eyes”.
(proceeding)
GLENDALE, AZ - Arizona twins are going to have a unique story to tell for the rest of their lives after they were born in different years.
Holly and Brandon Shay weren't expecting their boys to arrive for another few weeks, however, they were shocked when Banner Hospital in Glendale admitted them on New Year's Eve.
After six exhausting hours of labor, their first son, Sawyer, was born at 11:51 p.m.
“I wanted to make sure they were OK, and they had to keep reminding me that I had to push," Holly said.
Just one minute after midnight on January 1, 2017, their second baby, Everett, was born.
The boys who previously shared nine months in the same space won't be sharing a birthday -- or even their birth year.
“I think Sawyer might give their brother a hard time,” Brandon said. “I think it's mostly going to be Sawyer teasing Everett over them being the eldest.”
Listen to this story here
There's a new plan in the works for the land along Battleship Road, across the river from downtown Wilmington. It's from the same developers who had pitched a plan to build fifteen large houses there.
In April, TCM Holdings, the property owner, asked for a continuance from the New Hanover County Planning Board.
TCM representative Joseph Taylor said at the time it was for more research.
“We're asking for the continuance so we can do an archeological survey of the property and the water, both of which we have done preliminarily. We feel like it is very important for everyone to understand what the status of the property is and our ability to answer questions from the county, and the citizens.”
But instead of coming back with a new request, TCM is working on a plan that doesn't require rezoning. The area can remain as a highway business district.
The new development would include four buildings, each 75 feet tall. That's about twice the height of the Alton Lennon Federal Building and Courthouse.
Because the new development would sit directly across the river from downtown Wilmington's historic district, it needs to get by the National Historic Preservation Act. The question being, would these new structures have a negative effect on existing historic buildings?
In the near future, large red balloons will be flown 75 feet above the ground along the footprint of the proposed towers. That allows a study of the impact on the view, a “view shed analysis.”
After that, the Army Corps of Engineers gets involved to check the feasibility of running water and sewer under the river.
The festival, which gets underway on Sunday, Aug. 20 with a 10 a.m. morning mass on the church lawn, will also feature a variety of games, food vendors, live and silent auctions, and much more.
"The mass begins at 10 a.m., and it's outdoors, weather permitting," says Deraney. "Everything else starts at 11."
Past festivals have drawn between 400-500 people, and sometimes even more, they added.
"This is the 45th year of our festival," they continued. "It's a community-wide event; everyone is invited."
Though many of the festival activities will center in and around the Parish Center and its adjacent parking lot, "it pretty much takes over the entire place," Deraney added.
Besides the chicken dinner with all the trimmings, there will be a variety of other food choices, from "taco in a bag" to hot dogs, pizza, root beer floats, pie and ice cream — "and new this year we have homemade chocolate chip cookies," said Deraney. "They'll be baked on site and served fresh from the oven.
"We'll also have popcorn, pop and water served throughout the grounds," they added.
There will also be a variety of live entertainment, from silent and live auctions to bingo, a cake walk, a "bouncy house" from Games to Go, and a farmer's market featuring locally grown fruits and vegetables, freshly baked breads, homemade jams and jellies, and even a touch of greenery. "Bergen's is donating some plants," Deraney said.
"We also just added a magician," they continued. "His name is Jeff Seifert, and he's from Stillwater. They reached out to us about doing something for the festival."
Seifert will be doing a couple of 20-minute stage shows, and will also be strolling throughout the grounds during the festival, doing small magic tricks for the crowd.
The live auction will be held outside the church, from noon to 3 p.m., and of course, the ever-popular dunk tank will be open throughout the festival as well.
"We will have about six 'dunkees,' with each sitting in the tank for about half an hour," said Deraney. "They always hope for warm weather."
The "white elephant" room is another festival tradition, where guests can choose from everything from home decor and bedding to a variety of other household goods.
"It's like a big rummage sale," they said.
There will also be a variety of raffle drawings as well as a "win that wine" event where people can draw numbers to see if they win one of the donated bottles of wine.
"We started that (wine drawing) a couple of years ago, and it seems to be popular," said Deraney. "Also, new this year, we have an 'upcycling' booth, where church members have donated a variety of repurposed items for sale."
Ten percent of all proceeds from the festival will also be used to support church activities within the Detroit Lakes community, they added.
The festival will continue through 3 p.m. that day; all events will take place on the church grounds at 1043 Lake Ave. For more information, please call the church office at 218-847-1393 or Susan Deraney at 218-849-1856.
Video will play in
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp has been tasked with keeping Birmingham City in the Championship.
Quite ironic, given that the 70-year-old was the man who inflicted the final blow on Blues during their last relegation campaign.
It was May 2011, just three months after lifting the Carling Cup, when Redknapp's Tottenham Hotspur side sent Alex McLeish's troops tumbling into the second-tier.
Roman Pavlyuchenko's late goal for Tottenham sealed a 2-1 win for the home side at White Hart Lane on a day of so much drama.
This is how the Birmingham Mail reported it:
“Blues were effectively just three minutes from safety. Craig Gardner's equaliser at Spurs took them out of the relegation zone on goal difference.
And you backed them to see things through after that 79th minute strike – they were performing well and with an iron will.
Then at Molineux, the ball dropped to Stephen Hunt 87 minutes into Wolves' match against Blackburn Rovers and they scored a peach of a curler.
The relegation picture thus changed for an incredible 14th time on Survival Sunday. Wolves were out of the mire on goals scored, Blues were back in it.
Realisation, desperation, panic set in. Blues had Roger Johnson bursting down the right wing, trying to cross into a penalty box containing Curtis Davies.
As Premier League status slipped away, Blues were left gambling and chasing a goal that didn't come.
Leaving themselves exposed, five Spurs players broke. Barry Ferguson and Keith Fahey shuffled back into the centre-half positions and Roman Pavlyuchenko, with virtually the last kick of the match, let rip with a shot that reared up off Fahey's shin and crashed in off the underside of the crossbar. Blues were done for, 2-1.#
That's how we will remember Blues' sign-off to the 2010-11 season. Cruelly, almost as if the Gods were teasing and mocking, they were so close, but so far.
Damage was done in the preceding weeks, of course. But, in essence on the last day, three minutes...
The pain of White Hart Lane will only go away once Blues get back there. And this third relegation in the last four Premier League campaigns could prove the most testing and problematic.
What Blues need now more than anything is firm, clear leadership and stability.”
Well, they didn't get that, did they!
Fresh off the heels of their breakup with longtime girlfriend Ariana Grande, Mac Miller surprised the internet by wiping their entire Instagram clean and dropping three new songs on Spotify, all with lyrics that are probably, definitely about their ex.
The timing of the music is, obviously, super key. Here's a quick recap:
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Last month, the rapper and Ariana broke up reportedly because of their "schedules," unfollowed each other on social media, and then Mac was arrested for a DUI after allegedly crashing their car into a pole and fleeing the scene. Fans were super quick to blame Ariana – and their rumored new relationship with SNL star Pete Davidson – for Mac's DUI, but the "No Tears Left to Cry" singer was not. having. it.
So yeah, it's been a couple weeks. And for more insight, there are definitely some Ariana Easter eggs hidden in Miller's new music, so without further ado:
"Buttons"
Yeah, there's no answer and you call twice
Nobody is at my house
I was at the studio all night
The initial reason for the breakup was due to the couple's "busy schedules" and that it got harder and harder to see each other.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
There's a world gone crazy outside
But let's pretend that it's alright
We keep pretending that it's alright
In Ariana's Twitter statement, they mentioned that they "tried to support [Mac's] sobriety & prayed for their balance for years." Mac could be acknowledging that their relationship wasn't great for a long time.
Days get mixed up
Schedules get switched up
Can't be in two places at once
And again with the busy schedules.
"Small Worlds"
I know I probably need to do better
Fuck whoever
Keep my shit together
But here we have what is probably the most direct response to all of the breakup drama. In their Twitter statement, Ariana called out the rapper's "inability to keep their shit together."
Yeah, nine times out of ten I get it wrong
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
That's why I wrote this song, told myself to hold on
I can feel my fingers slippin', in a motherfuckin' instant I'll be gone
Do you want it all if it's all mediocre
Staring at the wall and the wall's full of posters
Lookin' at my dreams, and who I wanna be
I guess you gotta see it to believe
And in a darker part of the song, Mac seems to be directly acknowledging their addictions that Ariana seemed to call out as the main reason for their breakup.
Getty Images
"Programs"
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Please do not fuck up my day
Everybody wants a headline
I don't get nothin' to say
'Cept I'm comin' back with the freshness
You know I love makin' an entrance
Since their breakup was announced, the drama surrounding it has consistently been making headlines. And while Ariana has since spoken out on social media, Mac has been notably silent. They could also be insinuating that he's moved on from the relationship, but who knows really. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Movin' like you can't stand the weather
But it ain't gon' rain always
Here, Mac seems to be insinuating that he's planning on refreshing their life with new music, a clean Instagram slate, and a promise that things are going to change.
It's the chorus, however, where Mac hits back that Ariana could be completely behind him:
Yeah, I'm only keepin' good company
I am not talkin' to you if you don't have love for me (yeah)
Yeah, one for you and one for me (yeah, yeah)
I am not talkin' to you if you don't have love for me
Well, there ya have it!
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The songs — "Programs," "Buttons," and "Small Worlds" — are the rapper's first solo tracks in almost three years. Mac's last album, The Divine Feminine, was released in 2016. And while they appeared on a handful of other songs in recent years, fans have been hungry for new music. And they're here for it, with many crediting Ariana for "emotionally destroying" them and thus fueling more music:
Drake and Pusha beef cool, but Mac Miller releasing music in 2018 post-Ariana Grande breakup is what I'm excited about lmao. — honu (@BadiParty) May 30, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Thank you @ArianaGrande for emotionally destroying Mac Miller I needed the new music 🙏 — Gick Nallo (@nagallo24) May 30, 2018
It took a heart break for Mac Miller to drop music... thank you Ariana Grande. And f u Pete — Eric Acevedo (@eric_ace10) May 30, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
S/o Ariana grande for hurting Mac miller, he's back to making sad boy music for us kings — Lemon (@Lemon24_2x) May 30, 2018
Time for a quick reminder though: Like Ariana said, women are not obligated to stay in a toxic relationship for the sake of their partner and have the right to leave said relationship if they are not happy. Thank you, and goodnight.
Select a page Home News Categories — Breaking News — News Headlines — Politics — Sports News Programmes Audio Archive — Audio Archive — Interviews Advertising Freedom on Facebook Twitter About Us — Brief, Vision, Mission — Board of Directors — Editorial Board — Management — Testimonials
When the spirit hits Walter Geoffrey the Frenchie, they just can't contain himself.
The adorable dog lets it all out, gospel vocals and all, when they get moved…or at least annoyed.
According to Viral Hog, Walter talks back when he's not happy with a situation. In one case, their owner was talking to a friend outside their car and when Walter felt like they were getting ignored, they let the notes fly!
Sang Walter!
This isn't the first time Walter has shared their powerful pipes. Swipe through for some more heat from the Frenchie!
Saaang! This Dog Has Gone Viral For Bringing Holy Ghost Filled Vocals To The Masses was originally published on globalgrind.com
1 2 3 4 5Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
From washing dishes at Del Frisco's to having a top 10 hit (and being an accomplished dancer), Leon Bridges, has had quite a journey over the past couple of years. Seriously, they were washing dishes when they signed their first record deal. Yet, that's not even the craziest thing we just learned about the "Coming Home" singer.
So we asked Leon themselves to share with us five things that we never knew in our exclusive video:
Ah, yes, the ballet classes certainly explain their smooth moves on stage!
Meanwhile, ​Leon's second full studio album, Good Thing, drops on May 4. Three of the album's singles (“Bet Ain't Worth the Hand,” “Bad Bad News,” and “Beyond”) are available now by clicking here.
The nonprofit Girls Rock SB! empowers the budding stars to express themselves through music
“I am enough,” reads a homemade banner placed on the Adams Elementary School auditorium stage. Twinkle lights line the edges of the banner and set the stage for the young rock stars of Girls Rock SB! summer camp.
Girls Rock SB! is a nonprofit organization that has made history this summer by hosting the first rock camp for girls in Santa Barbara.
Director and founder Jen Baron said Girls Rock SB! is the first nonprofit organization in Santa Barbara that works exclusively toward the empowerment of young girls. Baron, a local musician, has worked tirelessly to make the summer camp happen.
“I'm dreaming big here, as big as I can because that's what we are going to be teaching these girls. I want them to reach for the moon!” they wrote in a blogpost from last September.
After months of planning, which included designing a website, writing grants, gathering music teachers and volunteers, and designing branding, Girls Rock SB! has come to life.
Last week, the first summer camp session was filled with music lessons and band practice, as well as other activities, such as zine-making, self-defense and rock yoga for their first round of campers.
At the end of each session, the girls perform a showcase of their work during the week. The first part of the “I Am Enough” Summer Showcase was attended by the families of the campers and members of the community.
“I'm so proud of these girls,” Baron said of the bands.
Camp No. 2 is now in session, and there are openings available for the third and fourth weeks of camp, with the possibility of adding another week.
To see more of the work of these girls, stop by the “I Am Enough” Summer Showcase at Adam Elementary at 6 p.m. June 28. Tickets are $5, and proceeds will go toward the Girls Rock SB! after-school programs.
Click here for more information about Girls Rock SB!
— Noozhawk intern Frankie Victoria can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook
In a television interview about the federal deficit, the “expert” guest made the amazing observation that the nation's debt wasn't really a problem because all the government had to do was run the printing presses.
I was amazed that any so-called authority could possibly display such little understanding of economic principles and yet qualify as an “expert.” If nothing else, it's stark testimony to the economic ignorance of the media, who willingly report such nonsense.
First, the U.S. government has been “running the printing presses” for years. The trend has taken a sharp turn upward since President Barack Obama has been in office, but it has been going on for years.
The problem is, no one seems to be paying any attention, particularly to the fact that “running the printing presses” is inflationary.
A good example of the consequences of such government action occurred in Argentina in the 1980s, when the rate of inflation escalated to more than 2,000 percent as a consequence of printing money.
A Wikipedia article noted: “Since the early 1990s, Argentina had relied on the IMF (International Monetary Fund) to provide the country with reliable access to credit and to guide its economic reforms. ... GDP growth projections proved to be overly optimistic ... lagging tax receipts prompted the government to freeze spending and cut retirement benefits ... Standard & Poor's placed Argentina on a credit watch, and a treasury bill auction required paying 16 percent interest (up from 9 percent ... ) ... the second-highest rate of any country in South America at the time ...
“The government instituted an unpopular across-the-board pay cut of up to 13 percent to all civil servants and an equivalent cut to government pension benefits ... triggering nationwide strikes and, starting in August, it paid salaries of the highest-paid employees in IOUs instead of money. This further depressed the weakened economy. The unemployment rate rose to 16.4 percent in August 2001 ... and it reached 20 percent by December.
“Public discontent with the economic conditions was expressed in the nationwide election ... Over 20 percent of voters chose to enter so-called ‘anger votes' by returning blank or defaced ballots rather than indicate support of any candidate.
“By the end of November 2001, people began withdrawing large sums of dollars from their bank accounts, turning pesos into dollars and sending them abroad, causing a bank run. On Dec. 2, 2001, the government enacted measures ... that effectively froze all bank accounts for 12 months, allowing for only minor sums of cash to be withdrawn, initially $250 a week.
“The freeze enraged many Argentines, who took to the streets of important cities, especially Buenos Aires. They engaged in protests ... especially in 2001 and 2002. At first (they) were simply noisy demonstrations, but soon they included property destruction, often directed at banks, foreign-owned privatized companies, and especially big American and European companies.
“Confrontations between the police and citizens became a common sight, and fires were set on Buenos Aires avenues ... a state of emergency (was declared), but the situation worsened, precipitating ... violent protests ... where clashes between demonstrators and the police ended up with several people dead and precipitated the fall of the government.” (Comment: We have already seen such protests in the United States, in the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations.)
“Inflation and unemployment worsened during 2002. By that time the ... accumulated inflation since the devaluation was about 80 percent. ... The quality of life of the average Argentine was lowered proportionally; many businesses closed or went bankrupt, many imported products became virtually inaccessible, and salaries were left as they were before the crisis.”
“Since the supply of pesos did not meet the demand for cash (even after the devaluation) complementary currencies kept circulating alongside them. Fears of hyperinflation as a consequence of devaluation quickly eroded their attractiveness ...
“Several thousand newly homeless and jobless Argentines found work as ... cardboard collectors ... (It was) estimated 30,000 to 40,000 people scavenged the streets for cardboard to sell to recycling plants. Such desperate measures were common given the unemployment rate of nearly 25 percent.”
“The economic outlook was completely different from that of the 1990s ... the devalued peso made Argentine exports cheap and competitive abroad and discouraged imports ... The government encouraged import substitution and accessible credit for businesses, staged an aggressive plan to improve tax collection, and allocated large sums for social welfare, while controlling expenditures in other fields ... The peso slowly rose, reaching a 3-to-1 rate to the dollar. Agricultural exports grew and tourism returned.”
“While unemployment has been considerably reduced (to around 8.5 percent after 2006), Argentina ... failed to reach an equitable distribution of income (the wealthiest 10 percent of the population receives 31 times more income than the poorest 10 percent). This level of inequality compares favorably to levels in most of Latin America.”
“During the economic collapse, many business owners and foreign investors sent their money overseas. As a result, many small and medium enterprises closed due to lack of capital, thereby exacerbating unemployment. Many workers at these enterprises, faced with a sudden loss of employment and no source of income, decided to reopen the closed facilities on their own, as self-managed cooperatives.”
“A study ... found out that ... the wealth gap between the 10 percent poorest and the 10 percent richest among the population grew continuously since 2001, and decreased for the first time in March 2005.”
As philosopher George Santayana (1863-1952) noted: “Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.”
How quickly we forget.
— Harris Sherline is a retired CPA and former chairperson and CEO of Santa Ynez Valley Hospital. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
1:33 Comcast opens new west Olympia customer center Pause
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
1:04 River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown talks art of the dunk
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
The IMF Executive Board completed the third review of Sri Lanka's Extended Fund Facility arrangement on Wednesday (6), enabling the disbursement of US$ 251.4 million to the country.
In a statement yesterday, the IMF said the Executive Board completed the third review of Sri Lanka's economic performance under the programme supported by a three-year extended arrangement under the Extended Fund Facility (EFF) arrangement. “Completion of the review enables the disbursement of the equivalent of approximately US$ 251.4 million, bringing the total disbursements under the arrangement to the equivalent of approx. US$ 759.9 million,” it said.
Sri Lanka's three-year extended arrangement was approved on June 3, 2016, in the amount of about US$1.45 billion or 185 per cent of quota in the IMF at the time of approval of the arrangement.
The statement said Sri Lanka government's reform programme, supported by the IMF, aims to reduce the fiscal deficit, rebuild foreign exchange reserves and introduce a simpler, more equitable tax system to restore macroeconomic stability and promote inclusive growth.
Following the IMF Executive Board's discussion of the review, Mr. Mitsuhiro Furusawa, Acting Chair and Deputy Managing Director said Sri Lanka's performance under the Fund-supported programme has remained broadly on track since the second review.
“Macroeconomic and financial conditions have been stable, despite a series of weather-related supply shocks. The authorities remain committed to the economic reforms under the programme and have undertaken measures to improve government revenue and accumulate international reserves. Going forward, it is important to build on the progress made and accelerate reforms to further reduce fiscal and external vulnerabilities,” they said.
“Fiscal performance has been satisfactory and all targets until September were met. The new Inland Revenue (IR) Act will make the tax system more efficient and equitable, and generate resources for social and development programs. Nevertheless, Sri Lanka's high debt burden, large gross financing needs, and weak financial performance of state-owned enterprises increases the importance of further fiscal consolidation. Timely progress in structural reforms, including tax administration and energy pricing, will support fiscal consolidation,” they said.
They also said the inflation and credit growth remain on the high side and maintaining a tightening bias for monetary policy is recommended until clear signs emerge that inflation pressures and credit expansion have subsided.
“Macroprudential tools should also be used to help rein in credit growth and head off systemic risks. While financial soundness indicators remain stable, financial sector supervision and the AML/CFT regime should be further strengthened,” they said.
Mr. Furusawa said along with efforts to deepen the foreign exchange market, it is important to further accumulate reserves and enhance exchange rate flexibility to reduce Sri Lanka's external vulnerability. “Structural reforms are also needed to enhance competitiveness and promote inclusive growth, including measures to improve trade and investment regimes,” they said.
(Source: Daily Mirror)
LOCAL MOGULS PICTURE
Key characters
Matt Leseur — Bremuda ski team member from Vail who just made Olympics at Ruka World Cup
Emerson Smith — Top performing American man from Ruka World Cup and Leseur's teammate in Ski & Snowboard Club Vail program
Riley Campbell — Coach who discovered Smith, also coach of the Bermuda moguls skiing team and a coach for Ski & Snowboard Club Vail
John Dowling — Coach who discovered Campbell, also program director for Ski & Snowboard Club Vail
Tess Johnson — Ski & Snowboard Club Vail athlete who could benefit from having Campbell at Olympics now that Leseur qualified
Morgan Schild — Ski & Snowboard Club Vail athlete who will benefit from having Campbell at Olympics now that Leseur qualified
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Germany grapples with rise of fake news ahead of general election
For many people, one can only speculate what happens when you meet. Does the earth shake? Do blessings start falling in your lap? Well, Insecure creator and stargot to witness firsthand what it's like to meet the Queen Bey.
On Friday night, Issa attended a Wind And Grind fundraiser event in L.A. benefiting the soul food restaurant My Two Cents. While Issa was mixing and mingling, they ran into Beyoncé herself. What happened?
“I met Beyoncé tonight,” Issa explained. “She said they were a fan; [she] called me beautiful. What do you do after that?” You can catch Issa's excitement in the video below.
Just a couple of unsuspecting black girls getting their lives from Queen Bey. pic.twitter.com/Xs1CRlG8zO — Issa Rae (@IssaRae) August 12, 2017
Issa also tweeted:
I hugged Beyonce tonight and they told my regular face ass that I was beautiful. WHAT ELSE IS LEFT?!?! — Issa Rae (@IssaRae) August 12, 2017
And then peace and happiness filled the earth. Congrats Issa!
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Dita Von Teese unveils their new fragrance at Bergdorf Goodman Fashionistas braved the cold rain Tuesday evening to watch legendary burlesque performer Dita Von Teese unveil their new fragrance, Scandalwood, at Bergdorf Goodman. “It was a dark and rainy night...
'Scalp facials' are the new blowouts There's a new salon at Bergdorf Goodman that is focused not on your hair, but on your scalp. “Women get facials, they get their manicure, they get their hair done...
New York's holiday windows are better than ever this year One of New York's greatest holiday treats won't cost you a dime. All you need is the time — and some sturdy walking shoes — to enjoy them. We speak,...
Neiman Marcus is finally posting sales gains again Neiman Marcus is finally spinning gold out of its threads again. The swanky retailer, which also owns Bergdorf-Goodman, posted its first comparable store sales increase in eight quarters, citing the...
Lenders who finance luxe shopping chains are nervous for the holidays Some lenders who finance retail vendors are getting skittish about the holiday prospects for luxe chains Neiman Marcus, Bergdorf Goodman and Barneys New York, The Post has learned. The lending...
How this woman got their own corner at Bergdorf Linda Fargo is one of the most recognizable faces on Fifth Avenue. The longtime director of women's fashion and store presentation at Bergdorf Goodman is as famous for them silver...
Linda Fargo says Bergdorf Goodman won't play politics Since President Trump criticized Nordstrom for “unfairly” dumping Ivanka Trump's fashion line, retailers such as TJX Companies (the parent of T.J. Maxx and Marshalls) have also distanced themselves from the...
Hillary Clinton's hairdresser entangled in vicious $11M lawsuit Saks Fifth Avenue has accused John Barrett of backing out of a deal to open newly renovated shops in their luxe stores across the country.
'Woman of Substance' author escapes writing grind at Bergdorf Goodman Barbara Taylor Bradford was born in England, but for the past 50 years, this “Woman of Substance” tells BARBARA HOFFMAN, the Upper East Side has been their home. Them 31st...
Okay, we the biggest fans of nachos and/or queso and/or any combination thereof but this might be too much for us.
I don't know if I can rock with being covered in queso and beans and chips, specially as a spa treatment.
The White House says it disagrees "strenuously" with a budget analysis of the Republican health care plan.
Health Secretary Tom Price says it will cover more individuals and lower costs.
Congress' nonpartisan budget analysts projected Monday that 14 million Americans would lose coverage next year under House Republican legislation remaking the nation's health care system. The Congressional Budget says that figure would grow to 24 million by 2026.
But Price says the administration disagrees "strenuously with the report that was put out."
Price complained the CBO only looked at the House bill, and not the two other parts of their three-phase plan.
As for the estimate that 14 million people would lose coverage, they say, "It's just not believable is what we would suggest."
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
TALLAHASSEE (CBSMiami/AP) — The State of Florida is making a change on a subject that has been a hot topic of late.
Florida's governor has ordered a statue of a Confederate general at the U.S. Capitol to be removed and replaced with one of an African-American woman.
Gov. Rick Scott signed the bill (SB 472) making that step official Monday.
The bill removes a statue of Confederate Gen. Edmund Kirby Smith and replaces it with a statue of Mary McLeod Bethune.
They founded a school that would eventually become historically black Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Bethune's statue would be the first African-American woman in Statuary Hall.
Congress allows each state two statues in Statuary Hall.
Florida's other one is of John Gorrie, whose inventions led to modern-day air conditioning.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Sokoto State Governor Aminu Tambuwal on Wednesday sacked all their commissioners and asked them to hand government property to the permanent secretaries in their respective ministries, in a move that foreshadows their planned move to switch to the Peoples Democratic Party.
Malam Abubakar Shekara, Director General Media and Public Affairs in Government House, announced the dissolution in a statement.
Shekara explained that the dissolution would pave way for “restructuring and re-strategising the cabinet for optimum efficiency and service delivery to the people of State”.
The director-general said Gov. Tambuwal thanked the former commissioners for their dedication, sacrifice and loyalty to the administration.
According to him, the governor also expressed appreciation to the people for cooperating with and supporting the former commissioners towards achieving the success so far recorded.
“Gov. Tambuwal wishes the former Executive Council members success in their future endeavours,” they added.
But political pundits said the governor's move may be connected with their plans to leave the Progressives Congress and rejoin the Peoples Democratic Party.
Close watchers of the state said the governor does not enjoy the support of many commissioners, some of whom were nominated by former governor, Aliyu Wammako, who is now a senator, and who has vowed not to leave the Progressives Congress.
List of Sokoto Commissioners
1. Ahmad Aliyu Sokoto Deputy Governor (Overseer of the Ministry of Works and Transport)
2. Umar Nagwari Tambuwal (Agriculture and Natural Resources)
3. Saidu Umar (Finance)
4. Muhammad Arzika Tureta (Water Resources)
5. Muhammad Jabbi Kilgori (Higher Education)
6. Abdullahi Maigwandu (Religious Affairs)
7. Surajo Gatawa (Science and Technology)
8. Abdulkadir Jeli Abubakar III (Home Affairs)
9. Tukur Alkali (Animal Health and Fisheries Development)
10. Mani Maishinku Katami (Rural Development)
11. Muhammad Bello Sifawa (Environment)
12. Muhammad Bello Abubakar Guiwa (Lands and Housing)
13. Sulaiman Usman SAN (Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice)
14. Isa Sadiq Achida (Information)
15. Aminu Bello Sokoto (Special Duties)
16. Bala Kokani (Budget and Economic Planning)
17. Bello Goronyo Esq (Energy)
18. Manir Muhammad Dan'Iya (Local Government and Community Development)
19. Kulu Abdullahi (Women and Children Affairs)
20. Balarabe Shehu Kakale (Health)
21. Musa Ausa Gidan Madi (Solid Minerals)
22. Aishatu Madawaki (Basic and Secondary Education)
23. Ahmed Barade Wamakko (Social Welfare)
24. Garba Yakubu Tsitse (Youth and Sports)
25. Bello Isa Ambarura (Commerce, Industries, Trade and Investment)
BREAKING: ALL PARTY MEETING IN DARJEELING ON FEBRUARY 8 GTA chairperson Mr. Binay Tamang has just announced the next All Party Meeting is scheduled to be held in Darjeeling on February 8, during the Chief Minister four days visit in Darjeeling. 829 total views, 829 views today Comments comments 829 total views, 829 views today
Darjeeling Tea production falls 65% low Darjeeling Tea has lost over 65% of its production in 2017 according to data published by the Tea Board of India. The Total tea production in Darjeeling was 8.13 Million kilos in 2016, however, it has been decreased to 2.82 Million kilos in 2017. 832 total views, 832 views today Comments comments 832 total views, 832 views today
GJMM trade union threats GJMM trade union has threatened to stop dispatch the first flush tea from the gardens of the hills if bonus dues are not paid immediately. As agreed to pay the bonus 19.75% last year, however, only half of the bonus has been paid to the workers so far. 841 total views, […] 841 total views, 841 views today
JAP activists detained in Delhi JAP activists were detained for breaking the security barricade in New Delhi during their ongoing dharna for Gorkhaland on Thursday, activists were released later in the day. 855 total views, 855 views today Comments comments 855 total views, 855 views today
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Benik Afobe admits they cried with happiness when they were told that, with just twenty minutes remaining of the transfer window, their move back to Wolves was back on.
Many a Wanderers fan would have woken up to the news that Afobe had arrived back at Molineux, such was the lateness of the loan agreement.
Having left the old gold club two years ago for Bournemouth, the striker was finally given the green light by Eddie Howe to return for the remainder of the season.
The drama of deadline day provided plenty of worriment for Afobe, who revealed that they actually shed tears of relief when given the nod.
“I was on, then off, then on, then off, then on again with 20 minutes to go, so it was stressful,” they told BBC WM.
“I've had two serious career-threatening injuries in football before, but that six hours was probably the most difficult of my life because that's how much I wanted to come back to Wolves.
“I think I've played one 90 minutes this season in the Premier League, so it's been tough for me mentally but I've got good people around me and for me to have come back here it meant a lot.
“I was in my car crying when they told me the deal was on with 20 minutes to go because I knew there was no going back now in the sense of them cancelling or the deal not being on again.”
No deal
Wolverhampton Wanderers chose to pull the plug on negotiations regarding a deal for Felix Beijmo, it is being reported in Sweden.
The full-back, who turned on deadline day itself, plays for Djurgardens in the top tier of Swedish football and attracted interest from Germany in the transfer window, too.
They played 26 times in the Swedish Allsvenskan season last year, scoring twice.
Beijmo cost Djurgardens Just under £450,000 last season when they snapped them up from second tier champions Brommapojkarna and is considered to be one of the brightest emerging talents in their position in Sweden.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Wanderers, who brought in Ben Stevenson, Benik Afobe and Rafa Mir to strengthen their forward line significantly in January, also confirmed the permanent capture of Diogo Jota from Atletico Madrid.
They also trimmed their squad, with Ben Marshall and Lee Evans leaving on loan.
In the current right-back role that Beijmo occupies, Nuno Espirito Santo has regular Matt Doherty while Dominic Iorfa remains out on loan at Ipswich.
But reports in Sweden suggest that they came close to agreeing a move for Beijmo, only to decide against the transfer late in the window.
We need reform that simplifies the code, lowers individual and corporate rates, and makes U.S. companies more competitive
The tax debate is heating up — and so is the rhetoric surrounding it.
President Barack Obama recently delivered an impassioned speech calling for tax code “fairness,” arguing “wealthy” Americans aren't paying their fair share. They also maintained that Warren Buffett paid a lower tax rate than their secretary and proposed the “Buffett Rule” to prevent that from happening.
But does the president's rhetoric match reality? Are they telling the same story that the data tell? If we're going to have a productive conversation about fundamental tax reform — and we need to — let's get the facts right.
First, who pays what? An analysis by the IRS shows that for 2008, the most recent data available, the top 1 percent of households paid 38 percent of total federal income taxes while earning 20 percent of total income. The top 25 percent paid 86 percent while earning 67.4 percent of income. The top 50 percent paid 97 percent with an income share of 87.3 percent. And Americans in the bottom 50 percent paid only 3 percent and often got money back from the government in the form of credits.
What about that Buffett Rule? According to IRS data, Americans earning upward of $1 million had an average income tax rate of 23.3 percent in 2008. By contrast, those earning $30,000 to $50,000 paid an average income rate of 7.2 percent.
Those are the facts. Here's another: When you want less of something, tax it.
So the president is suggesting we tax investment, successful small businesses (who often file as individuals, which makes them “wealthy” in the eyes of the administration), and our most productive and important industries, such as oil and gas. Do we really want less investment, fewer small businesses, and fewer successful industries? Is that the right way to create jobs and grow our economy?
We do agree with the president on some things. We believe in reforming the current complex system — not through endless tinkering around the edges, but through fundamental reform that simplifies the code, lowers individual and corporate rates, and makes American companies more competitive. We also agree with what they said a year ago: “Raising taxes in the middle of a recession is exactly what we don't want to do.” While we're technically not in a recession, for most Americans, it sure feels like we are.
Without question, we need to modernize our arcane tax code to help stabilize the economy, spur growth and create jobs. But if we're going to be serious about tax reform — and we must be — let's be honest about the facts and realistic about what will and won't work.
— Tom Donohue is president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham pizza boss has gone public following a smear campaign to assure customers: “I don't use cat or dog food for my toppings.”
Caspian Pizza, which has 25 branches across the city and the West Midlands, says it has now reported the unfounded allegations to police.
An anonymous Facebook post had claimed a Mr Ahmet - the supposed owner - had been convicted in court of mixing cheap cat and dog food into chicken to save costs.
But Saeed Masuri, a director of Caspian Pizza, has rubbished the claims by taking out an advert in Saturday's Birmingham Mail newspaper.
They said: “It's fake news. If you hear about something like this you have to report it, everyone knows.
“But the authorities have confirmed that we have done nothing wrong. The council's health team cleared us. They are going to give us a certificate.”
Mr Masuri, from Sparkhill, said: “I thought it was a joke at first. Of course we don't use cat and dog meat. These rumours are threatening to our customers.
“We have 25 branches, we're a big company.
“I just want to reassure our customers that we only use the best quality ingredients.
“We don't know who made the post but they sent the information everywhere. It is with our solicitors now.”
The pizza company also released a statement rejecting the pet food rumours. It read: “We would like to address the rumours circulating on Facebook regarding the origins of the meat we supply.
“We would like to inform all of our customers that these vicious rumours are absolutely untrue.
“We have reported this matter to the police and our solicitors who are currently investigating it.
“All the meat we use is Halal and is purchased from local suppliers who are all Halal certified. Our certificates are displayed in all of our shops.
“We would like to apologise to our customers for the distress this matter may have caused and thank you for your continued loyalty and support.”
The smear campaign is not the first time a popular Birmingham eatery has been at the centre of an alleged smear campaign.
In April, the owner of Heavenly Desserts in Ladypool Road, Sparkbrook, claimed that mice found in their dessert parlour were planted by rival bosses.
The Nigerian Basketball Premier League, The Kwese Premier League, Conference Six has been scheduled to start today at the two designated venues across the country.
The Atlantic Conference, for teams in the southern part of the country, will hold at the Indoor Sports Hall of the Kwara State Sports Complex, Ilorin, with the top six clubs in the Conference slugging it out to qualify for the grand Final Eight tournament. The Atlantic Conference teams are; Kwara Falcons, Rivers Hoopers, Hoops & Read, Customs, Oluyole Warriors and Police Batons.
The opening games in the Atlantic Conference Six would see Oluyole Warriors against Police Batons at 12 pm, while Hoop and Read take on Customs. The last game of the day would see Rivers Hoopers slug it out against Kwara Falcons. The teams will observe a rest day on Friday, while the competition ends on Sunday.
The Savannah Conference six which dunks off at the Indoor Hall of Murtala Square Stadium in Kaduna also from August 15 to 20, 2017, had some slight adjustments with Bauchi Nets and Kada Stars of Kaduna replacing Mark Mentors and Defenders of Abuja. With Mark Mentors and Defenders dropped, the six teams playing the Conference 6 are Kano Pillars, Niger Potters, Plateau Peaks, Gombe Bulls, Bauchi Nets and Kada Stars. The League Director, Mr Ajibarede Bello, said the decision was taken according to the rules governing the league.
The president of the Nigeria Basketball Federation, NBBF, Tijani Umar, has called on all the premier league clubs in Nigeria to be focused on the competition. They urged them to ensure they put in their best to come out tops for the Final Eight which has been slated for Kano.
Umar, noted that, the efforts by the Musa-Kida group to scuttle the Kwese Premier League Atlantic Conference from holding in Lagos, was a wide departure from the instructions of the world basketball federation, FIBA, to seek reconciliation at the end of November. “We are waiting for the NOC to open the line of reconciliation in Nigerian basketball. We shall key into it fully,” Umar said.
Letter: Political retaliation once again in Clarendon 1
Last Updated: March 19, 2018 at 4:23 pm
I'm a parent that has two grandchildren in Clarendon School District 1, one at Summerton Early Childhood Center and one St. Paul Elementary. I've seen the changes that took place in the district that some may agree with and some may not.
I for one, in the beginning, some things were questionable, but I've learned that sometimes change is good. Even though we may not always agree. Give it time and it'll work itself out.
I'm very pleased with Clarendon School District 1 leadership. I've seen at a few board meetings that I attended the board seems to be working together for the betterment of the children and not personal agenda.
When I learned that Mrs. (Bessie) Leonard was not reappointed to the school board and was replaced by a lady who has no idea what this community needs, it drew me to the conclusion that our chief legislator once again using their political powers for retaliation.
If it's not broken, no need in fixing anything! This lady who I've heard is coming on the board is one of our chief legislator's hen picks along with that worthless Clarendon County Board of Education!
Now you see why they won't dismantle that County Board of Education. They hide behind the scene and call the shots. All of this is because their so call sister was once in charge, but refused to do what was right by everybody. If the lady chose to retire, then what seems to be the problem. I'm so sick and tired of politicians using their positions in trying hurt people for unknown reason. Most of all, they are hurting these poor innocent children!
CLARENDON DISTRICT ONE, WE MUST NOT TAKE THIS LAYING DOWN! Just like other states, counties and city elections that have (gone) out with grassroots citizens who are tired of these games with politicians, we must act now! Remember 2018 and 2020 (are) around the corner; we must start now planning to send a strong message! Most of you already know: We are not represented to fullness by our local legislators already. Let's stand together and fight for our community and district. We don't need some of Manning's hen picks telling us what to do! Believe it or not, there are some wonderful people in Manning that don't go along with this political retaliation mess!
MICHAEL ANDERSON
Summerton Citizens
North Santee
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A major expansion of the Belfry hotel and golf resort which includes a water park has moved a step closer after local councillors backed the project.
North Warwickshire Borough Council's planning committee backed the proposals 'in principle' and it will now go to the secretary of state for final approval.
The redevelopment includes a new indoor pool, water park and additional hotel rooms at the venue near Sutton Coldfield but will see an end to the Bel Air nightclub which will be converted into a luxury spa.
A date for its closure will not be announced until after the final hurdle has been cleared with the Government.
There will also be a new 500-seat conference facility, which will be able to hold up to 700 guests for banqueting and ballroom functions, and an additional 112 hotel bedrooms, 40 of which will be connected to the spa to operated by leisure firm Espa.
The venue, famous for hosting the Ryder Cup golf tournament, currently has 320 bedrooms and the redevelopment is expected to create 100 new jobs.
Other existing facilities include restaurants, a spa, leisure and fitness club and meeting space.
The water park will be designed by WTI which is behind several similar developments in the US, Europe and Australia including at a hotel on the Alton Towers leisure park in Staffordshire.
The Bel Air nightclub was the scene of a New Year's Eve stabbing two years ago.
Ian Kettlewell, a director at planning consultancy Lichfields which worked on the proposal on behalf of KSL Capital Partners, said: "We are pleased with the outcome and the support the application has received from North Warwickshire Borough Council and the local community."
Last year, The Belfry won the overall company of the year title at the Birmingham Post Business Awards.
Internationally acclaimed mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade, known to fans and friends as Flicka, is well-acquainted with the operas of Jake Heggie: Throughout their career, the San Francisco composer has written numerous works specifically for them
One of those roles is Madeline, the glamorous actor — and mother of two unhappy children — in Heggie's “Three Decembers,” a two-act chamber opera with libretto by Gene Scheer.
Von Stade reprises the role in the new Livermore Valley Opera production this weekend. Them performance marks the 10th anniversary of the opera's premiere and the first American work Livermore Valley Opera has brought to the Bankhead stage.
Details: 7:30 p.m. April 28, 3 p.m. April 29; Bankhead Theater, Livermore; $42-$90; separate tickets for a benefit dinner with the artists at 5 p.m. April 29 are also available at $200; 925-373-6800, www.livermorevalleyopera.com.
Indian tennis ace Yuki Bhambri's debut at the French Open ended with a first round defeat when they lost to 111th-ranked Ruben Bemelmans from Belgium, 4-6,4-6, 1-6, in the men's singles match on Monday.
Rohan Bopanna and their French partner Edouard Roger-Vasselin began their Roland Garros campaign with a comfortable win over the American team of Taylor Fritz and Frances Tiafoe, 6-3, 6-1 proceeded to the second round in the men's doubles match of the tournament.
Bemelman's strong and swift actions were too good for Bhambri as the former dominated the game right from the beginning and won it with ease.
Bhambri was the lone Indian in the men's singles category of the tournament.
The 25-year-old had earlier qualified for the main draw of the Roland Garros for the first time after winning the Chinese Taipei Challenger title with straight sets win over compatriot Ramkumar Ramanathan.
It should be noted that Bhambri and Bemelmans had previously faced each other only once during the New Delhi Challenger in 2015 when the Indian eked out a thrilling three-set win over the Belgian.
On Wednesday, Bhambri and Divij Sharan will take on the Indo-French pair of Purav Raja and Fabrice Martin in the last-64 round in the men's doubles match.
Meanwhile, Bopanna along with Hungarian tennis star Timea Babos will face the Chinese-Australian team of Zhang Shuai and John Peers in the last-32 round on Wednesday.
In other results, American tennis ace Serena Williams marked their return to clay-court tennis in a dominant style as they defeated Czech Republic's Kristyna Pliskova, 7-6, 7-4 and 6-4 at the French Open.
This was Williams' first game on clay surface since 2016 and their first outing after they gave birth, following their victory in the 2017 Australian Open.
Russian tennis ace Maria Sharapova also survived a slight scare before eventually winning against Holland's Richel Hogenkamp 6-1, 4-6, 6-3 respectively.
It's been 20 years since the public library in Morton has had any major renovations, and when it reopens in May, it should be nicely “freshened up” according to staff.
On March 24, Morton Public Library was temporarily closed to the public and emptied of its contents so work could begin on a $226,500 Library Refresh project to modernize the 9,500-square-foot Pershing Street facility.
According to Morton Library Director Alissa Williams, more than 80,000 books had to be stored away, along with around 17,000 audio-visual items, as well as all of the library's reference materials.
“All the books went into storage with Federal Companies. They pulled things out in sections, so that it all fits back in nicely,” they said. “There will be a more open and welcoming lobby section, the new books and magazines will be moved to the front and more open space when you come into the library.”
Part of the space Williams is referring to is the front area where the children's section was previously located. The children's area will be relocated to the back of the library, where young readers will have a dedicated program room and access to Hannah's Reading Garden, which was funded in 2015 by Dan and Lynne Walters in honor of their granddaughter. An additional space has been added for tweens and teens, Williams said.
“The teens and tweens have been in the back of the adult section, and now they'll have their own dedicated space within the library,” they explained. “It will have all of the reading material and space to collaborate on school projects.”
Along with improved, dedicated spaces, the restrooms and walls will have a face lift. Carpeting will be removed and replaced, they said, the walls will have a fresh coat of paint and the bathrooms will be completely renovated with new tile floors. The money, they said, comes from the library's reserves, which have accumulated since the building's previous modernization in 1998.
Williams is no stranger to renovations of this scope. Before coming to Morton, they served as assistant director of Pekin Public Library three years ago, when the facility underwent a $6 million renovation and expansion.
For that project, more than 100,000 books were put away, along with media, materials, equipment and furniture for that project, which lasted a number of months.
In Morton's case, the wait is only six weeks.
“We have great community support and people have been very excellent and patient,” Williams said. “I know it's inconvenient for the library to be closed, but we're staying very active with the community through this project.”
Morton Library is heavily trafficked, they said, and to minimize the disruption of its services, some programs have been maintained at other locations, and staff members have frequently visited businesses to answer questions, read stories and provide limited reading materials. Friday Toddler Time has been held at Morton Park District's Freedom Hall on Birchwood Street, and will continue there until the library reopens. Chapter Chatters Book Club also meets at Freedom Hall as scheduled.
Staff also regularly visit Eli's Coffee Shop each Monday, and have sporadically visited other locations around town, such as Kroger on Jackson Street, and will continue to
“We'll hopefully do some pop up programs, and do some fun stuff at the parks and in the community, before we reopen, now that the weather's nice,” Williams said.
— Morton Library undergoes a refreshing change and renovation —-
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham is blessed with many sports bars showing the latest games whether you are a cricket fan, love rugby or a football fanatic.
Some offer really decent food, other are equipped with pool tables and game consoles but all of them will screen the big sporting events.
We have picked a range of pubs and bars to try from city centre venues to those slightly out of town.
So if you are keen to keep up with the latest games from Six Nations to boxing these are worth a try...
(Image: Darren Quinton)
WHERE: Broad St, Birmingham B15 1AY
Boasting of numerous full HD TV's, large projector screens and LED screens, Shooter's Bar prides itself on showing up to three live sporting events live at once for whatever sport you are a fan of.
Offers available between 12pm and 5pm Monday to Friday in the bar's common room are worth taking advantage of for free use of their pool table, table tennis, beer pong and games consoles.
Happy Hour is up for grabs from Sunday to Thursday, 5pm to 8pm, while American-style food, including eight different types of fries, are available daily.
To take part in the action, call: 0845 533 3000
Hennessey's
WHERE: Allison St, Birmingham B5 5TJ
Set in Digbeth, less than ten minutes walk from Birmingham city centre, this contemporary bar claims to be home to the biggest 10ft LED screen in any pub in the West Midlands.
Alongside their beer shack and BBQ dining area is also a large terrace garden to cater for groups of all sizes, as well as eight other HD screens across the bar to watch all major sports live in time for Birmingham's summer.
Late night DJ entertainment is provided until 4am Friday to Saturday on top of a whole selection of beers and new cask ales to enjoy.
To make a booking, call: 0121 643 3436
Goose
(Image: Submitted Goose Pub)
WHERE: Bristol Road, Selly Oak, Birmingham, B29 6AF
A traditional pub in the centre of Selly Oak, the Goose is a sizeable bar where sports fans can feel right at home.
(Image: Submitted Goose Pub)
Besides several HD screens scattered all across the bar, there is also a whole host of drinks at affordable prices and various pub grub food offers on all day every day.
To reserve a table, call: 0121 472 3186
Sports Bar
WHERE: Pendigo Way, Birmingham, B40 1PU
Situated in the Genting International Casino in Resort World, this 100-seat venue brings live sporting action from around the world.
With large multi-screens and six-seater private booths with own individual TVs to hire, there's something for all keen sports fans after a viewing in comfort.
Open 24 hours, there's also a bar serving up drinks, and food available from the nearby Fahrenheit Grill to keep sport fans occupied during half time.
Only over 18s are allowed.
To secure yourself a seat, call: 0121 273 1145
Lord Clifden
(Image: Graham Young)
WHERE: Great Hampton Street, Hockley , Birmingham, B18 6AA
With live sporting matches show on no fewer than 12 screens, food here is served all day until 10pm, there are three bars, and DJs later on.
This popular pub in the Jewellery Quarter - highlighted in the CAMRA Good Beer Guide 2015 - is a perfect place to enjoy all the action live and in full high definition, whether in the bar, lounge or heated garden.
It also does a mean roast dinner and fab breakfasts and brunches.
It was voted Best Entertainment Pub in the UK in the Great British Pub Awards 2015 so it's no surprise a great atmosphere can be expected.
There's also a selection of exclusive beers, ales and lagers - local and international - plus great food served daily from 10am.
To grab yourself a table, call: 0121 523 7515
Walkabout
WHERE: Broad Street , Birmingham, B1 2DS
The Australian-themed chain's Birmingham bar has four ultra-HD projector screens and more than 25 other large screens.
There's free wi-fi, plus Aussie-style food and drinks and special deals for students.
To book a table call: 07500 115776.
Gosta Green
WHERE: Holt Street, Birmingham, B7 4BG
Classic meets contemporary in this refurbished bar near Aston University that's popular with students. It's spacious with leather chairs, wooden floors and exposed brickwork.
There's a beer garden (with its own pool table) too, partly covered in case the weather turns nasty. And big screens to watch the sport.
0121 359 0044
WHERE: 14 St Paul's Square, Birmingham
Located in the Jewellery Quarter, this 34-room hotel, bar and restaurant shows all the latest games live on its big projector screen.
Owners husband and wife team Adrian and Sharon Harvey, who previously renovated the former Village Inn in Moseley in 2013, mixed local tradition with trendy design.
There are impressively-stocked bars, signature cocktails, an all-day restaurant offering modern European dishes.
Created above former pub The Rope Walk, there's a lavish private dining area for parties and corporate function and an amazing all weather terrace with a separate bar with air conditioning for those hot summer Birmingham days.
0121 272 0999
Rileys Sports Bar
(Image: Google Streetview)
WHERE: Essex Street, Birmingham, B5 4TR
Follow all the fixtures at Rileys, which claims to be the only venue in Birmingham that's open 24/7. There's a fanzone with a three-metre HD screen, comfy seats and great offers at the bar, making it an ideal spot for match day.
All fixtures of the latest matches and tournaments are shown here. If that doesn't already sound like sports heaven, there are five snooker tables, five English pool tables and 20 pool tables to keep you occupied between fixtures.
Food is served all day and there's free wi-fi.
0121 666 6811
The Trocadero
(Image: Graham Young)
WHERE: Temple Street, Birmingham, B2 5BG
Originally a fire station and then a wine bar - whose former landlord is the most active of the resident spooks - the Trocadero is a great place for watching sport with a huge variety of major sporting fixtures live and in HD.
There's also a Green Card loyalty app that offers discounts on drinks before, during and after all major sports matches screened there, as well as many other exclusive offers, competitions, prizes and rewards.
It's also on a tram route - and features in our Metro pub crawl of the city.
0121 643 6107
Photo courtesy of Layla McCarter's Twitter account
Mayweather Promotions signed its second female professional boxer, inking former six-time champion Layla McCarter, (38-13-5, 9 knockouts), the company announced on Tuesday. McCarter once warned MMA star Ronda Rousey to stay in mixed martial arts and not venture into boxing while Rousey was at the height of their popularity.
The news of the signing coincides with a sudden uptick in interest in women's boxing and comes on the heels of the recent announcement that two-time U.S. Olympic gold medalist Claressa Shields will headline a Showtime ShoBox telecast on March 10, the first time a female match will headline a card on premium cable.
“We have shown with our recent signees that we are here to bring fight fans great shows,” said Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe, who also previously signed the female fighter Latondria Jones. “We look to continue to build and diversify our roster of fighters, and Layla McCarter is a great example of a world-class athlete.”
McCarter, 37, has held titles across four different weight classes and has performed on significant cards, most recently underneath Deontay Wilder's heavyweight title defense against Chris Arreola last July. Among those they have fought is former WBC junior featherweight champion Alicia Ashley (draw); current WBO featherweight champion Cindy Serrano (UD) and current WBA and WBC featherweight champion Jelena Mrdjenovich (SD). “With the current state of women's boxing and the great achievements Mayweather Promotions has accomplished recently, I felt it was the best thing for my career to make the move to the Mayweather Promotions stable,” McCarter, who has fought recently at junior welterweight, said in the press release.
“The purpose of the Sheriff's Citizens Academy is to foster better communications between citizens and deputies through education and cooperation,” said Wilson County sheriff's Lt. Scott Moore. “A well-informed citizen is more likely to share their experiences with the community as the opportunity arises. Everyone benefits from enhancing citizens' understanding of the role and function of the sheriff's office.”
The participants completed a 12-week course where they were taught about every aspect of the Wilson County Sheriff's Office to familiarize them with each division.
“We appreciate [Wilson County sheriff's] Lt. James Lanier for directing the academy, photographer Kristen Allen, instructors, the Citizens Academy Alumni Association and Sheriff [Robert] Bryan for their support and allowing the citizens academy to take place,” said Moore. “We hope that you enjoyed your time here with us and [are] looking forward to working with each of you in the future.”
Proceeds from the Friendship Paddle will benefit the 26-year veteran battling a rare form of cancer
One hundred paddlers supported by 16 boats crossed the Santa Barbara Channel on Saturday for the annual Friendship Paddle, which raised funds for Mike Moses, a city firefighter battling a rare form of cancer and facing bone marrow transplants and chemotherapy.
The paddlers left Santa Rosa Island on Saturday morning and arrived at the East Beach bath house in Santa Barbara midafternoon.
Moses is a 26-year veteran and captain of the Santa Barbara City Fire Department as well as a 34-year veteran of the Los Angeles County Lifeguards.
They have spent most of their life learning, conditioning and teaching those around them to be able and ready to save lives in a split-second situation. They and their wife, Pat, have been married for 23 years and have raised two daughters. The oldest, Kadie, is married and has 8-month-old Madeline and 4-year-old Isabella. Shauna is a part-time lifeguard at Carpinteria Pool and a student at UCSB.
The Friendship Paddle, founded in 2003, sponsors open ocean paddle events to provide emotional and financial support to Santa Barbara County residents fighting life-threatening illnesses.
To support the paddle for Moses, contributions to the Friendship Paddle may be made online by clicking here or by sending a check to the Friendship Paddle, 920 Garden St., Santa Barbara, CA 93101.
— Mary Rose represents the Friendship Paddle.
The board adds $7.13 million to the spending plan, with $2 million more allocated for road maintenance
The Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors on Friday approved the recommended budget for next year, and additionally funded $7.13 million worth of items that were slated for cuts.
The county is “navigating toward a stable future,” but there are challenging years ahead, particularly with increasing salary and benefit costs, the cost of operating the future North County Jail and uncertainly with implementing the Affordable Care Act, County Executive Officer Chandra Wallar told the board.
They suggested that the supervisors not spend money bringing back or expanding program and service levels.
Fourth District Supervisor Peter Adam voted against the $828 million spending plan after pushing hard for more money to be spent on road maintenance, and only partially succeeding.
By allocating less than half of what the Public Works Department needs just to keep county roads from further deteriorating, the board is increasing its future deferred maintenance liability, they said.
Other board members agreed to spend $2 million more than was planned in the recommended budget for roads, but that wasn't enough to gain Adam's vote.
“I don't think it is an ideological position. I think it's a practical position,” they said. “Until you do the things you have to do in terms of maintaining the assets you're charged with maintaining, I don't think you get to do any of this stuff that isn't required.”
They were referring to board decision to allocate money for a plastic-bag-ban ordinance and a climate-change study, neither of which is mandated.
“It seems to me like somebody's gotta draw a line in the sand, and I guess it's going to be me,” they said.
The supervisors approved the recommended budget, and added on the following items:
» More in-patient beds for the Alcohol, Drug and Mental Health Services Department — $216,000
» Fully funding the UC Cooperative Extension/4-H Program — $153,000
» Legal support for County Counsel — $123,000
» Extra help for the Clerk of the Board Office — $50,000
» Matching funds for the Santa Barbara Superior Courthouse Mural Room restoration — $40,000
» An appraiser position for the County Clerk-Recorder-Assessor Office — $85,000
» Funding for county chambers of commerce, conference and visitors bureaus — $200,000
» A housing specialist position for the Community Services Department — $105,000
» Increased funding for county libraries — $397,739
» Funding for homeless shelter operations and warming centers to maintain service levels — $45,000 and $25,000, respectively
» Funding County Fire Station 11's Engine 11 (three positions) that serves western Goleta — $1.5 million
» Funding County Fire Station 22 in Orcutt — $411,300
» Funding County Fire management incentive — $96,800
» Raises for unrepresented management employees — $860,000
» Planning and Development work for the Hollister Avenue and State Street streetscapes — $67,000
» Planning and Development long-range planning project work — $200,000
» Public Works plastic bag ban ordinance — $35,000
» SBCC Small Business Development Centers — $27,000
» A financial systems analyst position — $149,183
» An increase to the road maintenance fund — $2 million
Ever-increasing salary and benefit costs are hugely contributing to the widening gap between revenues and costs, Wallar said. The average cost per safety employee has risen 40 percent since the 2008-09 year, from $117,600 to $164,600 projected for the 2014-15 year.
Non-safety employee costs increased 21 percent over the same period, from an average of $97,900 to $118,500 per employee.
Board items that were added into the budget on Friday were funded on an ongoing basis or with one-time money, including reserves. The strategic reserve has a balance of about $28.5 million, which is above the minimum required.
More than 60 percent of the county's general fund money is spent on public safety — sheriff, fire, probation, courts and district attorney — which will increase once the North County Jail is completed and fully staffed, Wallar said.
First District Supervisor Salud Carbajal said the board has approved a 57 percent increase in public safety funding over the past 10 years, and they and their colleagues believe it should be the county's first priority.
Carbajal said they would not vote for any proposal that made the strategic reserves drop below the standard required, but “it's OK to dip into it a little bit.”
Fifth District Supervisor Steve Lavagnino said the county needs to come up with new strategies to raise revenues and become more efficient.
Even though they may not end up voting for it, they said the county should consider increasing its transient-occupancy or bed-tax rate, since the effects are felt by visitors and not local residents.
“I don't think anybody wanting to come to Montecito to stay at one of our plush resorts worries about what our TOT is,” they said.
They also supported fully funding the county's “sales team” — the many conference and visitor bureaus — as did the other supervisors.
Lavagnino wanted to cut the $1 million given to the Children's Healthcare Initiative, which provides insurance to undocumented children.
It's an admirable cause, but it should be funded by private donors, not taxpayers, they said. They recognized that other board members didn't feel the same way, and the issue wasn't voted on.
Everyone — regardless of resident status — is cared for at the county's Public Health clinics, which will continue, but they support eliminating the insurance funding.
Adam proposed adding $8.5 million to the county's road maintenance fund, but had no support at that level.
Third District Supervisor Doreen Farr and Second District Supervisor Janet Wolf said they will always “choose people over pavement.”
The board approved raises for unrepresented management employees, who haven't received an increase since 2008, at a cost of $860,000 per year.
“We're losing good people,” Farr said, adding that there have also been morale issues.
Wolf advised against adding new programs or expanding funding, but wanted to give funding back to departments that were cut back in recent years.
“Our safety net has been severely damaged and we're now at a point where we can start to sew it up and strengthen it,” they said.
They did argue — again — against switching the Juvenile Justice Mental Health program from county staff over to a private company on contract, and the board agreed to make a final decision on that issue next week.
“I don't think it's appropriate to experiment with our children,” they said. “I don't think it's appropriate to dismantle a program in our Juvenile Hall that we know is working.”
The board is expected to examine the Corizon company contract at Tuesday's board meeting, at the County Administration Building at 105 E. Anapamu St. in Santa Barbara.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The drumming heard at Toshiba Plaza before a home game at T-Mobile Arena belongs to the Knight Line. (Roger Bryner / FOX5)
The drumming heard at Toshiba Plaza before a home game at T-Mobile Arena belongs to the Knight Line.
The group originally known as the Drumbots, have been playing around Las Vegas for a couple of years. They received the call from the Vegas Golden Knights last fall.
It was just supposed to be a one-game gig, but just like the Golden Knights, the drumline has had a lot of unexpected success.
Drummer Steven Buck said, "The season opener was like a breakthrough and they kept us on! We did 40-plus games and we're still on the roller coaster ride."
Now, fans can't miss them. They wear special jerseys, light-up drums, and march around before games to get fans riled up.
Buck added, “We're definitely setting the standard. People will try to copy us, but they can't copy us.”
And the line members said they hope to keep giving that jolt all the way through the Stanley Cup Finals.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
St. John's last link to Steve Lavin bemoans what could've been Despite all the optimism generated by St. John's this month, Chris Mullin's third season as coach likely will end by sharing too much in common with the previous two years....
St. John's fills roster with the transfer that wasn't The 2016-17 St John's roster appears to be set. The Johnnies made what is expected to be their final recruiting move for next season by announcing the return of sophomore...
St. John's roster losing last remnants of Steve Lavin era The St. John's roster makeover won't just include incoming recruits. The final holdovers of the Steve Lavin era are expected to be gone, too. Sophomore forward Amar Alibegovic will transfer, the...
Waukegan stabbing suspect held on $1 million bail
hello
A 23-year-old Waukegan man who police say was involved in a stabbing Friday at a local McDonald's is being held on $1 million bail.
Officers on Tuesday spotted Luis M. Medina, of the 700 block of Hickory Street, wearing the same clothing and black mask from the stabbing last week in downtown Waukegan, authorities said. Medina was taken to the Lake County jail and charged with aggravated battery and attempted murder.
Officers responded at 11:55 a.m. Friday to the McDonald's on the 300 block of North Sheridan Road, where a man in their 50s was stabbed multiple times. The victim was taken to the hospital and treated for injuries that were not life-threatening. Detectives labeled the attack as a random act of violence.
Medina is due back in court March 1.
< > DENVER, CO - APRIL 20: The Sashimi plate off the special menu at Mizu Izakaya on April 20 , 2018 in Denver, Colorado. The plate includes Kinmedai (golden eye snapper), Bluefin Otoro (fatty bluefin tuna), Hamaghi (Yellow tail) and Kumfmoto oysters. (Photo by Amy Brothers/ The Denver Post)
2.5 stars (out of 4)
Organizing a four-day backpacking trip around the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness? You'll definitely need to do some pre-planning. Finally ready to ask your boss for that raise? Walk into the meeting with a plan. Getting together with friends for dinner at Mizu Izakaya in LoHi? Yeah, you should have a plan for that, too.
The 1 1/2-year-old restaurant's menu spans small and large plates, a raw bar, binchotan grilled skewers, ramen, and sushi — and that doesn't even include the daily specials. To get the most out of a meal here, you'll want to walk in the front door knowing precisely what you're craving, or with a group that is open to trying a little of everything. (We recommend the latter.)
Mizu's dishes are all rooted in the concept of an izakaya, a Japanese drinking house that also serves small plates. But Macau-born owner Hong Jian Lee, who also operates East Moon Asian Bistro & Sushi in Westminster, has taken some liberties, most notably adding a sushi bar, entrées (like an A5 Kobe beef hot stone), and ramen, all of which aren't common at the gastropubs. The requisite social aspect certainly comes through, though, with a drink list as expansive as the food, a mostly open layout, and a lineup of shareable eats. This is a restaurant you'll return to often — if only to say you ate your way through the entire menu.
Vibe: During the day, Mizu is awash in natural light, courtesy of floor-to-ceiling windows. At night, though, the lights dim and the wood and rope decor, underlit blue bar, contemporary Edison bulb light fixtures, and graffiti art by Jher Seno imbue the corner restaurant with a spirited, underground feel. It's warm and boisterous, and the range of dining spaces — cocktail lounge, sushi bar, dining room and patio — makes Mizu accessible for Japanese gastronomists of all ages. (Suggestion: Visit with kids on the earlier side, and let Grandpa know the lighting makes the menus hard to read.)
Hits: The best dishes at Mizu creatively highlight Japanese ingredients and flavors. Every meal should begin with the honey eggplant ($8). The aubergine is covered in an umami glaze of honey and miso, roasted and served with thin strips of sweet bell pepper. You'll want to scoop up any leftover glaze with a spoon.
Next, turn to the yakitori (grilled items on skewers) section. The unagi ($10), which arrives four to a plate (two per skewer) and smothered in a rich eel sauce, is unctuous and meaty. For actual meat, opt for the 7X Wagyu steak ($15), dry-rubbed with black pepper, sea salt and miso. Both are cooked on a binchotan — a nearly flameless charcoal — grill.
Refresh your palate with some options from the raw bar. Beyond the spectacular sashimi selection, there's the spicy crispy tuna ($14), which combines the familiar zesty mixture with crunchy fried rice morsels, avocado, jalapeño and daubs of masago, and the velvety jalapeño sashimi with hamachi ($15).
If you still have room, you could opt for the miso black cod ($22), a lush Japanese restaurant standby when cooked correctly — which this is — or a whole grilled fish (market price). The ramen, a newer addition to the menu, is another entrée winner. The classic tonkotsu ($17) is based around a layered, house-made pork and chicken broth. The bowl arrives brimming with tender strips of pork, a perfectly soft-boiled egg, and large leaves of bok choy. Fans of Korean cuisine should enjoy the pork kimchi ramen ($16), a customer favorite.
Misses: You may consider ordering a salad to start what's sure to be a sizeable meal on a healthy note. We say skip that section of the menu. The seaweed salad ($8) gets a lovely hit of acid from grapefruit slivers but falters under the weight of mixed lettuce instead of just letting the briny flavors of the star ingredient shine.
While a lot of the sushi is praise-worthy, the Tokyo roll ($18) is a miscue. Spicy tuna and avocado are wrapped together and topped with tuna tataki and garlic butter. The textures are one-note (a crunchy element, like cucumber, would help), and the meaty flavor of the tataki overwhelms any of the rich fish flavor in the roll. Diners should instead turn their attention to the nigiri and sashimi menu ($6 to $8). The fish, much of which is flown in daily from the sprawling Tsukiji market in Tokyo, is best enjoyed straight. Similarly, when considering what grilled items to indulge in, bypass the soft-shell crab buns ($15). Mizu makes a standard model — crispy crustacean, pickled vegetables, and spicy mayo (three to an order) — that's satisfactory, but why settle when there are so many other excellent offerings?
Dessert feels like an afterthought — an unfortunate theme at many otherwise great Denver restaurants. Mizu's small, regularly changing list skews Japanese (matcha chocolate mousse cake made a recent appearance), but the sweets are typically not made in-house. A triangle of green tea tiramisu cake ($8) was too spongy and lacked the main ingredient's grassy (in a good way) essence; the layers of frosting were overly thick and unsatisfyingly light on tiramisu flavor.
Drinks: This is not the place to order your usual bottle of Sapporo. Not when there are more than 50 sakes available, organized according to tasting notes and curated by local sake expert and master sommelier Sally Mohr; an ever-changing selection of Japanese whiskeys; an array of shochus (a popular Japanese distilled spirit akin to vodka); and a creative cocktail menu with an Asian twist. The pink-hued Chu-Hai ($12), which combines shochu with dragon fruit, lemon and soda water, tastes like grown-up fruit punch, while a strong Vesper ($12) is smoothed out with rose liqueur and lemon oil. If you do prefer beer, try one of the Japanese-brewed selections (like a saison, $12, from Tokyo's Kiuchi Brewery).
Service: Mizu is a casual neighborhood restaurant and service reflects that. Servers are pleasant and attentive, but they won't necessarily be able to answer your question about whether the green tea soba is made in-house (it's not). The one major hiccup is that food delivery is often mistimed: three dishes, from three different sections of the menu, will arrive simultaneously. The kitchen needs to focus on sending out dishes in a more thoughtful and well-timed sequence.
Bottom Line: If you're debating between ramen, sushi or teriyaki for lunch or dinner, Mizu is your answer. Though its address is in one of the city's trendiest locales, the restaurant's convivial vibe and lounge aesthetic make it a reliable option for any occasion.
Price: Small plates ($6 to $14); Raw bar ($14 to $18); Sushi ($5 to $35); Grilled and fried ($6 to $20); Noodles ($14 to $20); Large plates ($20 to $60); Desserts ($8-$10)
Fun Fact: After 9 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays, Mizu's bar transforms into a high-end cocktail lounge called Bar Ginza. The limited menu (around six drinks) by bar manager TJ Vong is centered around top- shelf booze and house-made ingredients, like lavender bitters smoked with pecan wood and a from-scratch Campari. The results are drinkable works of art. The rum-forward Enchanted, for example, is served in a glass cloche and surrounded by flower petals à la Beauty and the Beast.
Mizu Izakaya
1560 Boulder St., 720-372-7100, mizudenver.com
Hours: 4 p.m. to midnight, Monday through Thursday; 4 p.m. to 1 a.m. on Friday; noon to 1 a.m. on Saturday; noon to 9 p.m. on Sunday
Reservations: Accepted
Parking: Metered street parking and valet
Star Rating Guide: Ratings range from zero to four stars. Zero is poor. One star, satisfactory. Two stars, good. Three stars, very good. Four stars, excellent.
Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Ben Margot AP Photo
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was stabbed in the chest outside restaurants and bars in Moseley on Wednesday afternoon.
Police cordoned off the public square known as 'The Triangle' in Moseley Village, following an unconfirmed incident.
This is what we know so far:
What happened?
(Image: @snappersk)
A 28-year-old man was taken to Queen Elizabeth Hospital after the incident, the ambulance service has said.
"We were flagged down by a member of the public to reports of a man being stabbed in Alcester Road, Moseley at around 4.20 this afternoon (30 May)," police confirmed.
"A 28-year-old man has been taken to hospital with stab wounds to their chest."
What is their condition?
(Image: @snappersk)
Their injuries are not believed to be life threatening.
What do police say?
(Image: @snappersk)
"We are continuing to investigate the incident and working towards locating the offenders.
"Anyone with any information is asked to call us on 101 quoting log number 1705 of 30 May, or to remain anonymous call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
"Birmingham have eights knife bins available throughout the city where people can surrender knives securely 24/7."
What did WMAS say?
(Image: @snappersk)
A spokesperson for West Midlands Ambulance Service said: “Police were called to a reported assault outside Boots on Alcester Road. A paramedic, ambulance and care team doctor was called to the scene.
"A man believed to be in their 20s were taken to Queen Elizabeth Hospital.”
What do pictures from the scene show?
Pictures from the scene show flowers scattered across the pavement.
Police have blocked off an area in front of Flakes chip shop.
A police cordon remains in place.
Luggage and a jacket appear to have been left within the police cordon.
It is not clear whether they are related to the incident at this stage.
It's not a case of mistaken identity, that's the assurance given by the Traffic chief in connection with the person charged, following that deadly Durban street accident on May 21 last. Here are the details.
Related
A few days back, we told you about Varun Dhawan wrapping up the shoot for Shoojit Sircar's October. Well now, all eyes are set towards their next venture. We are talking about 'Dum Laga Ke Haisha' director Sharat Katariya's next titled Sui Dhaaga- Made In India.
This morning, the handsome hunk took to their social media page to reveal their first look and boy, it looks quite interesting. Check it out here...
Varun In A New Avatar While early reports suggested that the actor essays a labourer in the film, this new picture has a different story to tell. We think that they might be playing a tailor in the film as they are seen here with a sewing machine. What do you think folks?
Film To Go On Floors In February Recently, during a Twitter, Varun was asked by one of their fans, "@Varun_dvn when will the shoot for Sui dhaga start? #varunsays"To which they replied, "In feb #varunsays"
Varun Promises It To Be An Entertaining Flick "From Gandhiji to Modiji, our country's leaders have always endorsed the mantra of Made in India. With Sui Dhaaga, I am proud to take their message to millions of movie lovers in a manner that is entertaining and relevant."
Why They Agreed To Come On Board "I really liked the script Sharat had written and I am happy that I am teaming up with YRF on this movie. Anushka and me are teaming up for the first time so I am sure there will be fireworks."
Their Mint Fresh Pairing With Anushka Sharma said, "I always get excited with unique ideas that have human interest stories. Sui Dhaaga is a story of self reliance that I believe will connect to the grassroots level with every Indian. And I am really looking forward to work with Varun Dhawan and the team of Maneesh Sharma and Sharat Katariya."
Produced by Yash Raj Films, Sui Dhaaga is slated for a Gandhi Jayanti 2018 release.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: How to have a productive new year
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Birmingham manufacturer which counts brands such as Jaguar and Bentley among its clients has undergone a £22.5 million management buyout.
Erdington-based Precision Micro makes more than 50 million high-precision metal components each year for major global manufacturing customers across multiple markets.
The MBO has been backed by LDC, the private equity arm of Lloyds Banking Group, from owner Meggitt, the global aerospace, defence and energy group.
As part of the deal, LDC has invested £13 million of equity for a unspecified "significant stake" in the company, supporting a management team led by current managing director Ian McMurray.
Precision Micro also operates offices in Germany and The Netherlands and more than 75 per cent of its £15 million sales come from overseas markets.
Its roots date back to the early 1900s when it was founded as a division of engravers V Siviter Smith before establishing itself in Birmingham in 1962 and being acquired by Meggitt in 2012.
Mr McMurray said the investment would enable the company to take full advantage of several positive, global trends in its core markets.
"We see enormous opportunity across our markets as equipment manufacturers look for ever-more cost-effective, reliable, safe and high-performing components," they said.
"Securing the backing of an experienced and supportive partner like LDC means we can invest further in the business, leveraging our technical expertise and processing capabilities to further support our customers around the world with increasingly sophisticated requirements.
"This is an exciting time for our team as we invest in our future growth."
LDC's investment director Chris Handy added: "Precision Micro's reputation for technical excellence, service and innovation is world-class.
"Our investment is all about helping Ian and their team unlock the business' potential by facilitating further investment in its processing capabilities, manufacturing capacity and new product introduction, helping it stay ahead of its market."
Joining the board are Dave Johnson as non-executive chairperson and Chris Handy as non-executive director.
Mr Johnson has held several senior positions at companies including Lucas, BTR and Dunlop Aerospace.
Banking facilities were provided by HSBC and advising on the deal were Gateley, BDO, Springboard Corporate Finance, Freeths and Cattaneo.
BBC Sportscene
Sunday 18 March 2018
Jonathan Sutherland introduces highlights from the weekend's Scottish Premiership action. Champions Celtic visit Motherwell, Rangers host Kilmarnock and Aberdeen entertain Dundee. Elsewhere, St Johnstone host Hiberian, Partick Thistle are at Hearts and Ross County entertain Hamilton in what could be a crucial game in the battle to avoid relegation.
/ Front page / News
Update: 5:44PM HEAVY rain and flood warning remains in force for the whole of the Fiji group, particularly low lying areas.
As of 5pm this evening, the weather forecasting centre in Nadi maintained these forecasts in its special bulletin as the active trough of low pressure with associated cloud and rain remained slow moving over the northern parts of the country, and gradually moving southwards onto the rest of the group.
Forecast of occasional and frequent rain that will be heavy at times from tonight remain in force for Vanua Levu, Taveuni and nearby smaller islands, northern Lau group, Yasawa group, northern and eastern parts of Viti Levu, Lomaiviti group and the rest of the country.
Localised heavy rain may lead to flash flooding.
Flood warning, on the other hand, has been issued to all low lying areas and areas adjacent to Rakiraki Town and downstream Rakiraki station.
Included in this alert are low lying areas and small streams adjacent to major rivers for the whole of Fiji.
Another special bulletin will be issued at 8pm.
Rev. Fr. George Ehusani has advised Nigerians, particularly Christians, to reduce their quest for material goods and focus on serving God.
Ehusani, who is the Chaplain of the Lux Terra Leadership Foundation Chapel in Apo, Abuja, made the call on Monday in Abuja.
According to Ehusani, a truly transformed Christian will be detached from material things and focus more on ensuring that the less privileged in the society has the basic needs.
“It is over attachment to material goods that leads to anxiety, high blood pressure and depression, particularly in a recession such as the country is experiencing at the moment.
“When Christians are truly transformed, they will realise that God created them not to acquire big houses, prestigious positions or fancy cars but to serve him.”
While emphasising the need for Christians to pray for the country, they called on government to live up to its responsibilities by providing good governance to the citizens.
They said that complaining without evolving workable solutions to problems would not get the country out of its present situation.
They advised Nigerians to make extra efforts to be peacemakers in 2017 and not contribute in fanning the flames of disunity.
Each year, I like to have a record of the most dominant wins (and most humiliating losses) in the NFL that season, before the games slip from memory. In the past, I've included lists in late-season power rankings, but this year, I'm expanding a little bit. We'll count down the top 12 most dominant wins of the 2016 season.
12] Week 12: New Orleans Saints 49, Los Angeles Rams 21
555 yards to 247; 28-21 at halftime
This wasn't really a blowout until the second half, and it's tied for the most points allowed in any of the dominant victories in the top 12. But the Saints' 308-yard advantage was the largest in any game this season. Doubling your opponents' yardage and first down totals (27-13), while winning the turnover battle (+2), is pretty dominant. Drew Brees passed for 310 yards, 4 touchdowns, and a 139.6 rating.
11] Week 1: San Francisco 49ers 28, Los Angeles Rams 0
320 yards to 185; 14-0 at halftime
The Rams are lucky this was the latest start for any game this season — 10:20 PM Eastern on Monday night — so that many fans went to bed and didn't see them blown out and shut out on national television. We also didn't understand at the time just how bad the 49ers were. In hindsight, a 28-0 loss to a team that went 0-14 against everyone else might be the worst defeat for any team all season.
10] Week 14: Atlanta Falcons 42, Los Angeles Rams 14
286 yards to 312; 21-0 at halftime
This is the only game on the list in which the losing team gained more yardage. That's just because the Falcons took their foot off the gas pedal when they entered the fourth quarter with a 42-0 lead. That's the largest lead any team had at the end of the third quarter in 2016. Was it a less dominant win because Atlanta chose not to run up the score? I suppose so, but it was still an ugly, embarrassing performance by the Rams. Head coach Jeff Fisher was fired after the game.
9] Week 17: Arizona Cardinals 44, Los Angeles Rams 6
344 yards to 123; 16-6 at halftime
This was a capital beatdown, tied for the largest margin of victory in the 2016 season, and the highest ratio of yards-gained-to-yards-allowed (2.80). It drops a little on this list because it was hidden away in Week 17, with fans focused on the playoffs and both teams out of contention, which made it slightly less embarrassing for the Rams. I also fudged the order a little to get all four Rams games in a row.
8] NFC Championship Game: Atlanta Falcons 44, Green Bay Packers 21
493 yards to 367; 24-0 at halftime
A runaway from the beginning, in the third-most-watched game of the season. The Falcons played their best football on the biggest stage, and the Packers chose the worst possible time to choke. Atlanta took its foot off the gas pedal late, but the first half stats show 325 yards to 127, a 20-6 edge in first downs, and that 24-0 scoreboard. The Packers outscored Atlanta in the second half (21-20), but it was academic; the Falcons were in control the whole way.
7] Week 2: Arizona Cardinals 40, Tampa Bay Buccaneers 7
416 yards to 306; 24-0 at halftime
A game defined by turnovers. The Cardinals were +5, including Marcus Cooper's 60-yard interception return for a touchdown in the third quarter. Carson Palmer passed for 300 yards, 3 TDs, and a 124.1 rating. Jameis Winston threw 4 interceptions and lost a fumble.
6] Week 13: Seattle Seahawks 40, Carolina Panthers 7
534 yards to 271; 23-7 at halftime
This was a Sunday night game, so a huge audience got to see Seattle avenge its loss in the previous NFC Championship Game. This was the game in which Cam Newton was benched for the first play and the Panthers threw an interception. The Seahawks rushed for 240 yards and 3 touchdowns, and gained 29 first downs (to Carolina's 14).
5] Week 13: Baltimore Ravens 38, Miami Dolphins 6
496 yards to 277; 24-0 at halftime
An ugly end to the Dolphins' six-game win streak. Including the postseason, there were 267 games played this season, and three of the 12 games listed here were played in Week 13. This was one of three games all season in which a team won by at least 30 points and outgained the opponent by over 200 yards. The others were Cardinals/Rams in Week 17 (#9) and Seahawks/Panthers this same week (#6).
4] Week 13: Indianapolis Colts 41, New York Jets 10
421 yards to 250; 24-3 at halftime
Maybe this should rank higher. In my Week 13 Power Rankings, I called Indianapolis "maybe the most dominant of any team all season," and wrote of the Jets, "As ugly a game as you could ask for. From the opening play, they looked sloppy and unmotivated." The Jets rushed for 36 yards and a 2.6 average, with Ryan Fitzpatrick and Bryce Petty combining for 3 interceptions. Andrew Luck tossed 4 TDs with zero interceptions.
3] Week 15: Indianapolis Colts 34, Minnesota Vikings 6
411 yards to 282; 27-0 at halftime
A devastating loss for Minnesota, which was 7-6 and fighting for a playoff spot, but totally failed to show up, scoring a season-low 6 points against a bottom-10 defense. In Adrian Peterson's return from injury, the Colts out-rushed them 161-34. Peterson had six carries for 22 yards (3.7 avg), 1 catch for 1 yard, and a lost fumble.
Apart from the two games listed here, the Colts went 6-8 and got outscored 376-336.
2] Week 16: New England Patriots 41, New York Jets 3
325 yards to 239; 27-0 at halftime
Tied for the largest margin of victory in 2016, and the most dominant ratio of points-scored-to-points-allowed (excluding shutouts). It's also tied for the second-largest halftime lead. Bryce Petty went 0-for-3 with an interception, then got hurt. Ryan Fitzpatrick went 8-of-21 with 2 INTs and a 21.2 rating off the bench. The Patriots led 41-0 halfway through the fourth quarter.
1] Week 4: Pittsburgh Steelers 43, Kansas City Chiefs 14
436 yards to 357; 29-0 at halftime
This one got out of hand as quickly as any game all season. The Steelers led 22-0 after the first quarter, the largest first-quarter lead all season. They led 29-0 at halftime, the largest halftime lead all season. They led 36-0 after three quarters, the second-largest lead. This was a national showcase on Sunday Night Football.
* * *
Honorable Mention: Week 3 — Eagles 34, Steelers 3.
The common loon is one of the oldest living creatures on this planet, with credentials of ancient fossils written on limestone pages of time in Earth's crust more than a billion years ago.
This iconic spirit of the waters we enjoy today has somehow miraculously eluded extinction both before and after the Mesozoic cataclysms because of land and water amphibian adeptness of survival that is still apparent today with their behavior of clever elusive capacity.
The name ‘loon' is derived from the Scandinavian “lom,” meaning clumsy or lame, in reference to their limited mobility on land with legs farther back on their body like other vertebrates such as frogs and salamanders, to lead a successful double life as an amphibian.
That is why the loon nests at the water's edge. Unable to stand, it slides on its belly like aquatic reptiles like the alligator. But then once in or under the water, it is a powerful swimmer, propelled by webbed feet shaped like scuba diver flippers and helped by underwater flapping wings, and is able to dive down to 200 feet where its diaphragm constricts under pressure to minimize oxygen requirement to stay under for almost a full minute. Then, surfacing in an unpredictable direction, it can cruise along in a partially submerged depth with only the eye in the top of the head showing like the periscope of a submarine.
But all too soon, it must migrate to the ocean well before ice forms, from which it cannot take off for flight. That is when we see it here, having turned a salty color to adapt to the habitat.
Fortunately, the loon population has come back to be relatively stable to overcome human-made detrimental conditions such as acid rain, chemicals in the water, nesting disturbances, ingestion of poisonous lead fishing weights, and power boat mortality. Most effective remedial results have been the mission of public awareness, plus subsequent State and Federal regulation initiated by the Loon Preservation Society of Moultonborough, New Hampshire on Lake Winnipesaukee where my wife and I spent last week on our annual vacation.
Upon arrival, during our stay, and for our departure, we like to think the loon's calling seems to acknowledge and enhance our presence annually for many years. This may be much the same as the aging couple in the movie On Golden Pond on Squam Lake nearby.
Henry David Thoreau described the call of the loon as the most unearthly sound they had ever heard. There are two calls. There is the wail that seems to mourn the passage of time and memories of past summer seasons on the lake. But even more soulful is the shrill warning tremolo yodel that alerts us to the bygone miracle of creation on Lake Winnipesaukee, which in Native American means “smile of the great spirit.”
With all this, my mission of this article and drawing is to share with you this message of the loon as a living barometer of a healthy aquatic environment.
By George B. Emmons
By Greg Bishop/Illinois Radio Network
SPRINGFIELD – Illinois' state government spending authority has lapsed with six months left in the current fiscal year; and the Secretary of State's office says it is vendors, not drivers, who will feel the pinch.
The Illinois Secretary of State's office has been here before with operations continuing without a way to pay for them. Secretary of State Press Secretary Dave Drucker said without spending authority, vendors — including landlords — will have to wait for Springfield to get its act together.
“We'd be, frankly, going back to that situation that we had before we had the temporary budget where we wouldn't have the ability to pay them because the comptroller wouldn't have the ability to write the checks,” Drucker said.
Many of the vendors depend on the state's business, Drucker said. “And in many cases, these are small business people. They're not giant corporations. They're checks that people are living on and investing.”
Utility payments will also dry up without a spending plan.
But, don't worry. Even without a state budget, you'll still get notified about your expiring license plate.
Drucker said the secretary of state prepaid postage for license plate renewal notices for most of the remaining fiscal year that ends June 30.
“We're good for the time being, but that can't go on forever either,” they said. “There will be a point at sometime where we do need a budget to continue with that service.”
A new law waives renewal late fees if renewal notices are suspended.
Drucker said the secretary of state's office is continuing to pinch pennies where it can.
“There's no office travel; paper, everything is really being kept to a minimum,” they said. “We're really trying to be very prudent and conservative in watching the spending.”
The Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors balked Tuesday at the noticeable absence of a representative for the developer looking to assume ownership of the Naples property, and ultimately decided against moving forward until the company provides more information about its financial situation.
Spectra America is looking to assume ownership of the 1,048-acre Naples property, which would allow it the rights to develop the inland portion of the property.
The county can refuse to give consent if it doesn't think the transferee can uphold the financial obligation, however, which is exactly what the supervisors unanimously decided on Tuesday.
Supervisor Doreen Farr, whose district contains the Naples property, seemed a bit miffed that Spectra didn't show.
“It was quite disappointing that they didn't send any info to us at all or send a representative here,” they said. The company has been “entangled in a long history of great financial trouble,” and its multiple bankruptcies “cannot be ignored.”
Perhaps there are good answers from Spectra co-owner Dilip Ram or their associates to be heard, “but they're not here to explain themselves,” Farr added.
Supervisor Peter Adam agreed.
“Spectra should have said something,” they said. “At least send us a card — anything at this point would help.”
Adam said they didn't think the company's bankruptcies would negate it from consideration altogether, and that if it put forward more information in the future, the board will consider it.
Another item the supervisors tackled but was decidedly more controversial was the county's decision to ban single-use bags — a vote that was split soundly between north and south county lines.
The supervisors were asked by staff to come up with a draft ordinance, as well as how the ordinance would be enforced.
Because there is no statewide ban on single-use bags, local governments have tackled bans on their own, and more than 75 jurisdictions in the state have adopted ordinances restricting single-use bags.
Santa Barbara County is a member of the Beach Erosion Authority for Clean Oceans and Nourishment, or BEACON, a group of municipalities that shared the cost of an environmental impact report.
The EIR was based on the City of Santa Barbara's draft ordinance, which would require grocery retail stores to charge a minimum of 10 cents for recyclable paper bags and prohibit the free distribution of paper or plastic bags. Shoppers would either have to pay for their paper bags or bring their own reusable bags to carry their groceries if the ordinance is put in place.
Adam and Supervisor Steve Lavagnino said they couldn't support the move, with Adam the most vocal because they have the most stores in the county's unincorporated area that would be affected.
Lavagnino said they had a problem with charging people for something they currently get for free.
“I don't think that's our role,” they said.
Adam bristled at the idea of south county supervisors implementing a countywide ban.
“We in the colonies up there do not appreciate being dictated to,” they said. “It's another example of us being dictated to by south county.”
But Supervisor Janet Wolf, who spearheaded the effort with Supervisor Salud Carbajal, urged them to continue.
“When there's something that is so important to our environment and our ocean's health, it is incumbent on us to move forward,” they said.
The overwhelming majority of public commenters supported moving forward on a ban, and Farr said their family in San Jose, which has an extensive bag ban, has adjusted.
“You go into T.J. Maxx and you don't get a bag,” they said. “The results have been quite dramatic in the results of plastic bag litter that they have.”
Recognizing that some in the northern part of their district might not support the ban, they asked if county staff could look at various ways to phase in the ban.
Responding to Adam's comments, Carbajal said the coast isn't just for South County residents, but for everyone.
“This is for all of us,” they said. “Nobody owns the coast, and nobody owns north or south county.”
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Bowie High School will be having its football and softball camps next week for kids.
For football, the camp is open to kids incoming second through ninth grades.
The camp will start on June 4 and go through June 7. The camp time will be from 9 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. at the high school football stadium.
The cost of the camp will be $65. There will be a $10 discount for each additional child in a family signed up.
The goals of the camp will be to learn the fundamentals of football, become a better a player and have fun.
Activities will include: Agility drills, passing drills, receiving drills and defensive drills. There also will be a Punt, Pass and Kick Contest, 7-on-7 touch football and a 40-yard dash.
The Bowie football staff will be giving instruction. Campers will receive a T-shirt.
Parents can sign their kids up on the first day.
The softball camp will also be next week.
The camps will start at 8:30 a.m. and go to 11:30 a.m. from June 5 to June 7 at the high school softball field.
Incoming second through ninth graders will be allowed to attend.
The focus for campers will be an emphasis on hitting, bunting, throwing, infield, outfield, base-running, pitching, and catching for the girls.
The high school staff will be giving instruction.
During breaks, drinks and snacks will be available to buy.
Campers who sign up by June 1 are guaranteed a T-shirt.
The cost for campers will be $60, with $10 off for each additional camper. School employees only have to pay $40.
Sign ups will be available on the first day of camp as well.
Checks should be made payable to Coach Brant Farris.
French President Emmanuel Macron on Wednesday called for Africa and Europe to reach a “win-win” solution to migration during an address to 300 young entrepreneurs on the second day of their visit to Nigeria.
Saying that the continents share a “common destiny”, Macron outlined their vision to solve thorny issue shaking the European Union, saying it can only be solved in the “long run” by Africa.
“We have to work with African governments,” said Macron, addressing the crowd at an upmarket hotel in Lagos, the commercial hub of Nigeria.
“For me the sustainable answer is not just security,” said Macron, adding that people were leaving peaceful countries including Senegal, Ivory Coast and Nigeria because of “a lack of hope, a lack of opportunities”.
“These people, given the magnitude of this wave, cannot be accepted, at least, not all of them,” said Macron. “We need more Africans to succeed in Africa.”
The French leader reiterated the need to control a booming population in the continent where countries have a birth rate as high as “seven, eight children” and to fight against smugglers “who have close links with terrorists in the Sahel”.
Microphone in hand, Macron has become adept in this town hall setting on trips abroad, first tested in Ouagadougou and honed in New Delhi, Washington and Aachen.
Earlier, they inaugurated the Alliance Francais, a cultural centre in Lagos, housed in a renovated colonial villa and launched in partnership with Mike Adenuga, a Nigerian billionaire who made their fortune in oil, telecommunications and services.
The Alliance Francais network, which includes 832 schools for more than 500,000 students, “makes it possible to spread French culture around the world”, said Macron.
The influence of the French language is low in Nigeria despite being surrounded by Francophone countries, said the director of the Alliance Francais in Lagos, adding that “the potential is enormous”.
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran never made it to their label's Grammys party. It's not like they didn't want to go, they aren't allowed in.
Related: Ed Sheeran Surprised by Comeback Success
After the British singer/songwriter performed their new single, “The Shape of You,” at the GRAMMYs, they tried to get into their party, but they were turned away along with a crowd of others, so they went to another afterparty to celebrate.
“That's actually happened four years in a row, and that's not just my label's after-party, that's just afterparties in general,” they told NME. “It's just—do you know what I don't get… it's like you walk into those parties and there's four musicians there and everyone else there are people from L.A. who didn't even go to the GRAMMYs and just want a party to go to.”
“So I went to Benny Blanco and Diplo's party and arrived there super-early,” they continued, “and suddenly 2,000 people turned up.”
Investigators have been unable to determine the cause of an explosion and fire late Thursday night that caused major damage to a Westside residence and left several people homeless, according to the Santa Barbara City Fire Department.
Firefighters were called out to the 400 block of West Sola Street shortly before 10 p.m., and found heavy flames coming from a two-story home, said Battalion Chief Robert Mercado.
The fire was threatening adjacent structures, prompting fire and police officials to evacuate nearby residents, Mercado said.
Firefighters brought the fire under control within about 10 minutes, Mercado said, and remained on scene for about two hours doing salvage and mop-up.
No injuries were reported.
Investigators returned to the scene Friday morning, but were unable to determine the cause of the blaze.
The fire is being labeled “suspicious,” Mercado said, “not because they think there was anything criminal, but because they could not determine the cause.”
The blaze caused an estimated $100,000 damage to the home, and also damaged an adjacent building, Mercado said.
The Red Cross responded to provide lodging for several residents displaced by the fire.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
WASHINGTON — Police say a naked man assaulted another man at the entrance of NBC News' Washington bureau, then ran into the building and bit a man who helped stop him.
According to a police report, the man approached the entrance of the building that's also home to WRC-TV Saturday night and hit a man in the face, pushed them to the floor and ran inside.
Another man told police they spotted the naked intruder running down the hall with building security in pursuit and helped stop him. Police say the intruder bit the man's arm.
The intruder was arrested and taken to a hospital. NBC officials declined to comment on the incident, first reported by The Washington Examiner.
Officials say the man has not yet appeared in court.
Looks like Lloyd Banks isn't retiring after all.
Last Friday (March 16) Lloyd Banks shocked the Hip-Hop world when they began to innocently tweet about their love for Hip-Hop before posting that one last ominous tweet, “With that being said…I think it's time to lay it down.”
I fell in love with Hip Hop over 25 years ago..it was that thing I turned to during good times and bad..just wanna say thank you to the artist B4 me that inspired me..and send my appreciation to everyone that supported me till this day THANK YOU!! — Lloydbanks (@Lloydbanks) March 16, 2018
With that being said..I think it's time to lay it down 💯 — Lloydbanks (@Lloydbanks) March 16, 2018
Fans immediately thought they were hanging up the mic and began to react with shock, disbelief and of course gratitude. But just a few hours later the Queens rapper posted a Ric Flair video in which the legendary wrestler announced they were “not retiring.”
Banks noticed the outcry the retirement rumor provoked amongst their supporters and the industry and took to Twitter to ask that their music get the same attention that their misunderstood statement did.
Just goes to show you what a mess the industry has become..they'll rather cover everything that happens around the music..than the actual music itself..I hope all these outlets support me when I drop..have a good day — Lloydbanks (@Lloydbanks) March 16, 2018
50 Cent caught wind of the wild day of events and naturally decided to troll their former G-Unit comrade in a few social media posts including an IG video of a fake Donald Trump at a strip club with a caption that read, “Only in America baby, TRUMP going to LUST tonight for Banks retirement party. We lit LOL.”
👀 l be like, l got shit to do 🤨#power pic.twitter.com/sZOJ1wBpSQ — 50cent (@50cent) March 16, 2018
50 always gonna 50.
—
Photo:
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have appealed for mobile phone footage after a huge brawl erupted outside Birmingham Crown Court.
Up to twenty people were believed to have been involved in the fight which started at the junction of Newton Street and Corporation Street.
Three men required hospital treatment while eight men were arrested in connection with the incident which happened shortly after 11am on Friday.
Police believe the brawl was recorded by several people on mobile phones and have appealed for anyone with footage of the incident to come forward.
Detective Inspector Tom Hadley said: “This was a very violent disorder outside the city's law courts in the middle of the day. It's completely unacceptable and no doubt would have been frightening for many members of the public.
“Officers were on the scene quickly and arrested eight people who were believed to have been involved. We're examining CCTV footage but we know several people stopped to record the fight on their phones.
“Clearly this footage could be hugely valuable for the enquiry in identifying the ringleaders and who was involved in the violence - and I'd urge them to get in touch."
Six men aged between 21 and 61 were arrested along with two teenage boys aged 16 and 17. All eight were held on suspicion of violent disorder and affray.
Three ambulances were in attendance with three people taken to hospital, though no-one was believed to have been seriously injured.
A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “We were called at 11.19am to the junction of Newton Street and Corporation Street outside Birmingham Crown Court. We were called to reports of a fight.
“Three ambulances attended in total. We have treated four patients. A man in their 40s with cuts to their arm and head. They were given pain relief and taken to hospital.
“A second patient, a man, was treated for cuts to the head and given pain relief and taken to hospital. The third patient was given pain relief for a chest injury and taken to hospital.
“The last patient was discharged at the scene after receiving treatment for cuts and grazes to their arm.”
Anyone with information or footage of the disorder is urged to contact West Midlands Police Investigation Team in Force CID at Perry Barr police station on 101.
Alternatively you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111, or online at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
Lucy Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain.
Lucy Letby has been arrested over the deaths of eight babies in a case that has shocked Britain.
A SECOND hospital is now investigating the nurse who police allege is linked to the deaths of at least eight babies.
Lucy Letby was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of murdering the babies and attempting to kill another six infants. A further three baby deaths were being investigated.
The 28-year-old was a celebrated member of the neonatal unit at the Countess of Chester Hospital where a large number of suspicious deaths of infants occurred.
Ms Letby's arrest stunned colleagues because they are regarded as a "champion for children" they care for - and helped a massive fundraising campaign to build a new $5 million baby unit at the hospital and has repeatedly spoken about their devotion to their profession since they graduated in 2011.
It emerged last night a second hospital was helping police with their inquiries. Ms Letby worked at Liverpool Women's Hospital during their training - and health bosses there are now "co-operating with police" as part of their murder investigation.
A spokesperson said there was "currently" no suggestion any patient had come to harm during Ms Letby's placement.
A conviction for eight murders would make Ms Letby Britain's worst child killer.  They are yet to be charged with any offences.
Officers were searching the three-bedroom unit Ms Letby lives in Chester, in northwest England, 2.5km from the Countess of Chester Hospital.
A forensic tent has been set up at the flat, and at the home of their parents.
Neighbours of Ms Letby told media they were in disbelief someone who was so "dedicated to their job" could be accused of anything like what had been suggested.
Nurse Lucy Letby
One local told the Chester Chronicle they had known them since they were just three years' old and "she was lovely, they always have been".
Another said they had only just returned home after holidaying at Devon with their parents.
Others said they kept to themselves and didn't know too many people in the area.
Ms Letby - who has two cats and is registered as living alone at their home - has "liked" UK TV hospital show One Born Every Minute on Facebook.
 They are a member of 14 groups relating to helping sick children, including: "Save special care baby units. They need us. One day u might need them."
Several mothers wrote online of their horror that their children were cared for by Ms Letby.
One said their daughter was cared for by their "everyday for seven weeks".
Another recognised them instantly as a nurse who was involved in the care of two of their grandchildren
In an interview with a local newspaper, Ms Letby told why they loved nursing.
"I qualified as a Children's Nurse from The University of Chester in 2011 and have been working on the unit since graduating," they said.
The Countess of Chester Hospital was where a number of babies died in suspicious circumstances.
"I also worked on the unit as a student nurse during my three years of training. My role involves caring for a wide range of babies requiring various levels of support.
"Some are here for a few days, others for many months and I enjoy seeing them progress and supporting their families."
Detectives were called to the hospital when a report revealed an alarmingly high number of deaths at the neonatal unit.
Staff had noticed a "sudden mottling" on the arms, legs and chests of premature or poorly babies who unexpectedly deteriorated and had to be revived, and noted similar things happening with cases of babies who died.
Police have been working on the case for over a year.
Ms Letby's arrest has shocked them colleagues.
In an announcement in the local paper when they graduated in 2011 with an Honours in child nursing, their parents said: "We are so proud of you after all your hard work. Love Mum and Dad."
Detective Inspector Paul Hughes of Cheshire Police said: "Since the start of our inquiries and, as the information gathering process has continued, the scope of the investigation has now widened.
"We are now currently investigating the deaths of 17 babies and 15 non-fatal collapses between the period of March 2015 and July 2016.
"Parents of all the babies are continuing to be kept fully updated and are being supported throughout the process by specially trained officers."
andrew.koubaridis@news.com.au
BAGHDAD - In the sweltering heat of Mexico '86, Ahmed Radhi and Basil Gorgis pulled on the same jerseys to represent Iraq's football team in its sole World Cup Finals.
But now, a third of a century later, they're just two of several former stars taking part in a very different contest -- as parliamentary candidates in next month's election.
While the World Cup adventure ended in dismal failure, with Iraq crashing out after losing all three of its group games, the ex-players' appeal could be a big draw for some Iraqi voters.
"They already have fans," says Hussein Hassan, a 45-year-old Baghdad resident. "It's now the turn of these stars to put themselves at the service of the people."
Distrust of politicians ahead of the May 12 vote is high, with the 15 years since the US-led toppling of former leader Saddam Hussein marred by repeated periods of chaos and endemic corruption.
"We have more confidence in them than the politicians, who have changed nothing," Hassan says.
It's a view that Radhi, scorer of Iraq's only World Cup Finals goal, takes on board.
"Iraqis need someone who shows that they are focusing on their interests, and who will work to guarantee a decent life," the National Alliance candidate says.
The 54-year-old says their political group "brings together all communities and confessions."
The National Alliance is led by Iraq's Vice President Ayad Allawi, a secular Shiite, and parliamentary speaker Salim al-Juburi, a Sunni.
It's a union that seeks to move beyond Iraq's Shiite-Sunni ethnic cleavage -- a major pull for the ex-footballer.
The NA's list of candidates is liberal and "transcends confessionalism," they say. "This is what the people want now."
- 'Defending minority interests' -
Other candidates, sporting or otherwise, have more narrow motivations.
Radhi's former teammate Gorgis is among a list of candidates fielded by "Abna al-Rafideyn," a group bringing together Chaldean Christians, Assyrians and Syriacs.
Now administrator for the national team, Gorgis is running in the Kurdish city of Arbil and says they seek to protect the interests of Christians.
Standing up for the rights of their community is also what motivates Chaker Mohammad Sabbar, another former player on Iraq's national soccer team.
The 50-year-old, who appeared in every position except goalkeeper during their career, is Sunni, a group that's played second fiddle to the majority Shiites since Saddam's fall.
Sabbar says loved ones cautioned against involvement in politics, telling them it would "achieve nothing, because no change is possible."
But their advice hasn't stopped them running as a candidate in Ramadi, capital of Anbar province in central Iraq. Sabbar is number 10 on the list of the "Tamaddun" group, which advocates a secular state.
Sunni dominated Ramadi was seized by the Islamic State group in May 2015, before being retaken by government forces less than a year later.
"The people have suffered enormously," says Sabbar, whose family live in the region.
"Now, it's time our interests are defended, like those of other Iraqis," they add.
- 'Better future for sport' -
Not all the former footballers running in the elections here are political novices.
Radhi stood in the 2014 poll and lost, while another ex-international, Hassan Farhan, is a politics and military science graduate.
"People now have more confidence in sportsmen than politicians, who have weakened the state," says 65-year-old Farhan, who appears on a list for the secular Civil Party.
Others are determined to ensure new investment in facilities, to help the country compete again internationally in a whole range of disciplines.
"We must think about building a better future for sport," says ex-international swimmer Sarmad Abdelilah, now a member of the National Olympic Committee and Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's "Victory Alliance."
"There are no athletes in parliament and so there are no laws or institutions to structure Iraqi sport," they lament.
Other contenders include Taleb Faysal, the president of Iraq's weightlifting federation, who is on the list for former prime minister Nuri al-Maliki's "Rule of Law Alliance."
But some citizens here don't buy into the appeal of sporting veterans.
"We have confidence in none of the candidates, because we know they will only think of themselves once in parliament," says Imane Kazem in the capital.
By Gabriel Olawale
Obstetricians and Gynaecologists have called for increased attendance to Antenatal care by pregnant women to reduce the high rate of infant and maternal mortality in the country.
The experts made the call at a presentation of four books entitled ‘ ‘Step-by-Step Approach to Obstetrics and Gynaecological Ultrasonography', ‘Bullet Point Answers to Exam Questions in Obstetrics', ‘Bullet Point Answers to Exam Questions in Gynaecology' and ‘What Mama Didn't Tell You About Pregnancy- the Myth, the Truth and the Lie'.
The books were written by Dr Gregory Ohihoin, a Chief Research Fellow and Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist at NIMR, Yaba, Lagos.
Prof. Osato Giwa-Osagie, Emeritus Professor of Obstetrics and Gynaecology described the high infant and maternal mortality rate in the country as unacceptable.
Giwa-Osagie said the book which talked about the step by step application of Ultrasonography would help doctors and women understand the peculiarity of the pregnancy and ensure safe delivery.
“This book will have a very wide application as it will help many educated pregnant women. It will save lives of babies and mothers,” they said.
Also speaking, Prof. Babatunde Salako, Director-General, NIMR said that the books were a veritable source of information for doctors and residents in training as it would facilitate their knowledge ability to handle pregnancies.
”This means that we will produce more knowledgeable obstetricians and gynaecologists who will make correct diagnosis and take appropriate decisions on their patients to enhance delivery of the baby and safety for the mother.
”When our pregnant women attend antenatal these doctors will handle their cases properly and we can also say that this development will reduce the rate of maternal and infant deaths in the country, ” they said.
In their remarks, Ohihoin, the Author of the books, said that rate of Antenatal care attendance in Nigeria was 51 per cent, saying that such rate was too low and a major contributor to the high rate of infant and maternal mortality.
They said that the main aim of antenatal care was to ensure a healthy mother and infant at the end of the pregnancy to reduces maternal and child mortality rates.
”I wrote this books to emphasise that antenatal care should be seen as a major preventive health measure aimed at preventing the development of any pregnancy disorders or complications.
”Antenatal care should address the psychosocial and medical needs of the woman within the context of the health care delivery system and the culture in which they live, ” they said .
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Another bad day for Villa and another loss.
But can you be too critical of the team's performance given the difficulties they faced?
Forced to play two games in 48 hours against a side who had an extra day rest period and a man advantage for three-quarters of the game after what boss Steve Bruce described as a 'wrong' sending-off for Jonathan Kodjia.
It was always going to be tough for Villa and even though they put up a fight when Jack Grealish cancelled out Ryan Sessegnon's opener, up popped Sone Aluko and Neeskens Kebano to wrap up a fourth win in five games.
Our man Gregg Evans had to tough task of marking the players out of 10. Sam Johnstone edged it as their choice as man of the match.
Watch the video above for all of their ratings and verdicts.
Look: Aston Villa fans, can you spot yourselves in our fan gallery?
President Donald Trump walks with Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar as they arrive for the White House Sports and Fitness Day event on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Susan Walsh AP Photo
Nisha Katona
Nisha Katona has always had a passion for food and cooking, but they started out choosing law over cooking, becoming the first female Indian barrister in the North West region of the UK.
Twenty years on, they followed their passion to bring the benefits of authentic Indian food to a British audience, and founded Mowgli Street Food in Liverpool.
 They are the author of Pimp My Rice and will be attending the Emirates Airline Festival of Literature 2017. They answered a few questions for Gulf News ahead of the festival.
Q: Tell us about the journey from being a barrister to a food writer and restaurant owner.
Katona: I worked full time as a Barrister in Liverpool's Chavasse Court Chambers under my professional maiden name Miss Nisha Sujata Biswas as is tradition at the bar. In 2008 the Department of Culture, Media and Sport appointed me trustee of National Museums Liverpool where I sat on full board, along with Audit and Marketing. In 2009 the Cabinet Office appointed me Ambassador for Diversity in Public Appointments. In my capacity as barrister, and non exec board members, I was frequently on radio on a local and national level and also engaged as an expert advisor by The Guardian.
Q: Why did you choose food as a subject for your writing?
Katona: All the while, I have been passionate about Indian food, but not the stuff of curry houses. What is peddled in curry houses is a far cry from the way Indians actually eat at home and on their streets. Our food is actually fresh, light, delicate and extremely healthy, which are not words the UK would ever associate with “curry”.
I began writing a book and was signed by Jamie Oliver's agent. My first book Pimp My Rice was published in 2016. I have secured two more book deals for 2016 and 2017. One is for a Spice Bible type book and the other is for the Mowgli Cook Book for which there is huge demand. This will be published January 2018.
I regularly appear on ITV, channel 4, I have a Spice Kitchen slot that plays daily on Food Network. I have over 40,000 twitter followers for the Nisha Katona and Mowgli accounts worldwide and have a YouTube channel that has a large following.
Q: Where did you learn the traditional skills involved in cooking Indian food?
Katona: The ancient kitchen formulas of my ancestors were something I learnt from my mother and my aunt. I was so passionate about the simplicity and wonder of these recipes that I became a curry evangelist and spent time giving lessons in the ancient light curry formulas of India.
All the while I worked full time but I loved my job as a barrister and hence had endless energy for all manner other interests. There came a point when I made a very commercial decision. I was becoming known as the voice for Indian food and yet had never dared to put my head above the parapet and sell my wares. There were a handful of dishes to which I know I was physiologically addicted. I thought if those are an addiction for me, they might just too, prove an addiction for the nation.
Gathering all my savings and my inheritance I opened Mowgli Bold Street in a relatively quiet, gritty area of Liverpool.
Q: What's on the menu at your restaurant - Mowgli Street Food?
Katona: The whole philosophy of Mowgli was that it served the dishes that Indians ate in the privacy of their home kitchens and local street stalls. This was often vegan, simple homely fayre. A far cry from the heavy fayre of curry houses. Our big hits are dishes like simple Temple dahl, Yoghurt Chat Bombs, Bhel Puri, my ginger and rhubarb dahl. The Butter Chicken is of course a big seller but it is is wonderful to see our clients broaden their minds and expectations of Indian food. It fills me with joy to see dishes like my Calcutta Tangled Greens increase sales week on week. This is how we eat at home. This is what Mowgli is about.
Mowgli flew in a way that was beyond any expectations.The role of social media in brand building is utterly critical. I don't pay for marketing or advertising or PR. I single handedly front and craft the Mowgli brand. This brings an eternally independent, home kitchen, family run feel to what I hope will become a national chain.
After three months of my first Mowgli opening I took a sabbatical from the bar. I did this because Mowgli needed me full time, I had a body of staff whose dedication to the brand meant I must join them at personal sacrifice and most importantly, I moved from Barrister to Mowgli CEO because I have been lucky enough to find in that, a profession that also thrills, stimulates and fulfils me daily.
Q: What's your favourite dish and is it a part of your cookbook?
Katona: The Layered Leaf Lasagne is something I make at least once a week. There is nothing I love more than a dish that uses up leftovers. This uses up leftover rice, it uses up geriatric and limp cabbage, it even uses up your leftover mince in whatever form you left it to fester in the fridge — bolognaise, chill, keema. This is frugality on speed. This calls out to the camel in a sandstorm Indian in me. And the resulting dish is spectacular. It slices into big generous cubes and the strata of ingredients sit like geological magic. Actually, there isn't even a photo of it in the book — it looks like one of those unloved recipes an author includes as a filler, which is totally not true by the way, each dish costs an arm and a leg to shoot and each one had its own wardrobe of plates, material, cutlery, lights and each one was at least three hours in photographing, much longer than it took to cook any of them!
For more details about the festival, visit www.emirateslitfest.com.
Obviously there are many reasons couples decide to divorce, and some researchers reckon it could even be in your genes. Regardless, being a divorcee is something you should never be ashamed of. But apparently, the job you or your partner does can also make a split more likely.
Nathan Yau, a statistician, looked into recent divorce data to figure out which careers came with a higher divorce rate. According to Women's Health US, they used U.S. Census Bureau's Five Year American Community Survey, and was able to pick out eight trends relating to divorced couples' jobs.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
1. Gaming managers
With a 52.9% divorce rate, gaming managers were the most likely to split. We're talking people who work face-to-face with customers in casinos and game rooms. Bear in mind, a lot of booze and chatting is involved in this occupation...
2. Bar staff
I guess the environment in a bar is pretty similar to the above, so it's kind of no surprise that bartending had a divorce rate of 52.7%.
3. Gaming services workers
Similar to number 1, gaming service workers have a 50.7% divorce rate, according to Yau.
4. Cabin crew
Flight attendants were found to have a divorce rate of 50.5%. I guess hours-upon-hours in the air gives you a fair bit of time to meet new people...
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
5 and 6. Construction
Rolling machine setters, operators and tenders in particular were found to have a 50.1% divorce rate. While 46.9% of marriages where one partner's occupation fell under 'extruding and drawing machine setters, operators and tenders' ended in divorce.
7. Switchboard operators
So, 49.7% was the divorce rate for those lovely, helpful people who put you through the right person. Are they potentially chatting people up before dialling them in?
8. Telemarketers
This particular occupation must have a high pressure level, right? Being constantly hung up on and shouted at must really take its toll. The divorce rate for telemarketers was 49.7%.
Splitting the divorce rates into 'occupation category', Yau said, "Those in transportation and material moving, such as flight attendants and bus drivers, tend to have higher divorce rates. Those in architecture and engineering tend to have lower divorce rates." They also found those on higher salaries tended to have lower divorce rates, but was keen to point out that salary wasn't a 'cause' for divorce.
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Blues fans chant for Zola to go following latest defeat
Albion fans react to to defeat against Liverpool
Villa fans are in fine voice on their way to Crav
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City supporters vented their anger at boss Gianfranco Zola after Burton eased to victory at St Andrew's on Easter Monday.
Former Blue Lloyd Dyer took advantage of a Tomasz Kuszczak error and then Lucas Akins tapped home in the second half after poor marking at a corner.
While the win for Albion went a long way to securing their Championship status, it's a result that could potentially be detrimental to Blues, who with three games to play are three points above Blackburn.
The Tilton, and indeed other sections of the stadium, had had enough by the end and chanted for the Italian to leave.
It's two wins in 24 in all competitions, with the most recent of those being at Wolves in February.
See the video above of the Bluenoses voicing their frustrations.
They say the program is needed to help U.S. businesses compete with other countries
Although solar firm Solyndra's bankruptcy has prompted questions about the government's role in subsidizing green energy companies, some Santa Barbara energy experts say they still support federal funding.
Solyndra filed for bankruptcy two years after it received a $528 million loan from the U.S. Treasury's Federal Financing Bank that was guaranteed by the Department of Energy.
A loan guarantee is a promise made by a guarantor that should the loan recipient default, the guarantor will pay whatever portion of the loan the holder can't repay.
Tam Hunt, president of Community Renewable Solutions LLC, said that although the government may not have done its due diligence before using taxpayer money, another factor contributing to Solyndra's downfall was China's lower solar panel prices.
“Chinese panels are coming into our market at such low prices, it's a good thing for consumers and solar but bad for a company who can't compete with competition's prices,” they said. “But you also have to make sure every program is free of any hint of abuses or fraud.”
Some argue that the government rushed Solyndra's financing and that it could happen again as the Obama administration may finalize up to $10 billion in loan guarantees for green energy companies before the stimulus program ends Sept. 30.
“I think the problem with Solyndra is that the government directly provided capital to a relatively new company that was using a relatively new type of solar technology,” said Lucas Johnson, manager for Allen Associates' Building Performance Specialists Division.
Megan Birney, a renewable energy expert for the Community Environmental Council, said the loan guarantee program is needed to keep up with other countries that provide low-cost financing. They added that a carbon tax or cap-and-trade system is the most efficient way to generate revenue, create clean-technology jobs and decrease dependence on fossil fuels.
“We don't assess charges for the fuels that we use,” Birney said. “Not only do we have subsidies for oil and gas, but we also have subsidies by not charging true costs. The biggest problem is it's hard to get into a market where it's not on the same playing field.”
Taxpayers will find out how much money they will actually recoup after Solyndra goes through bankruptcy court. Pending FBI and congressional investigations will determine whether there was any wrongdoing.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Ferrybank's Thomas Barr will run in Ireland's first 400m hurdles race indoors at the Irish Life Health AAI Games in the Sport Ireland National Indoor Arena on Sunday.
Waterford-born Barr, who finished fourth in the last Olympic Games, will compete against training partners Paul Byrne (St Abban's) and the European Youth Olympic Champion Ben Kiely (Ferrybank) in an exhibition race.
Byrne holds the Irish best time of 51.79 seconds indoors which they set in France in 2017, while Barr holds the best Irish outdoor 400m time of 47.97 seconds.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We recently revealed the heartbreaking reality of living in poverty in Birmingham - which left one mum needing foodbanks to feed their kids .
The case came just days after the Mail revealed the plight of two young brothers , who were fed every day by their primary school because of crippling poverty at home.
And according to a national study done by baby food brand Piccolo, nearly half of Birmingham parents are less than a month away from not being able to afford enough food for their family.
The study also revealed over a third of people would rather go to a foodbank than admit to their friends and family that they were struggling.
Trussell Trust foodbanks in Birmingham have given out more than 10,000 three-day emergency food supplies in the last year alone.
As the use of foodbanks is on the rise across the city, we have looked at how struggling families can use the charity resource.
How many foodbanks are there in Birmingham and where can I find my nearest one?
There are 22 foodbanks across Birmingham.
Foodbank locations in Birmingham View fullscreen
The foodbanks will only be open certain times so be sure to ask in advance for the opening times of your nearest one.
Who can use a foodbank?
To use a foodbank you must first be issued with a foodbank voucher - they can be given out by a GP, a social worker or from the jobcentre, for example.
The decision is based on whether you are in a crisis situation and need emergency food.
Sue Trotman, one of the organisers for the Trussell Trust's foodbanks in Aston, said: “Lots of things can lead to a food crisis: unemployment, break up of a relationship, moving homes - which means a delay in benefits.”
What is the voucher exchanged for?
The voucher can be exchanged for a minimum of three days' worth of food, sometimes more.
Foodbanks are not supposed to be the final solution but instead a pit stop on the way to getting long-term help with your financial situation.
What can you get from a foodbank?
Trussell Trust Foodbanks, which partners with five across Birmingham, say that a usual package can include: soup, pasta, rice, cereal, tinned meat and tinned fruit.
Volunteers are on hand to help people if they have certain dietary requirements - this can include whether you're a vegetarian or vegan, or whether you need Halal meat.
Foodbanks also offer feminine hygiene products, disposable razors and nappies, along with any other donations made - such as clothes or toys.
How can you help?
Trussell Trust and the Salvation Army - two of the biggest partners with foodbanks across Birmingham - say they offer more than just food.
Volunteers are needed to provide “a comfortable atmosphere and a listening ear to clients so they can signpost other charities or agencies that could help in the long-term”, say Trussell Trust.
“We are recruiting volunteers all the time as without them, the foodbanks can't open and people are left without our help.” said, Sue Trotman, organiser for foodbanks in Aston, Birmingham.
Anyone can head to their local foodbank and find out if volunteers are needed, or help can also be offered through donations.
Foodbanks work with supermarkets to have efficient, sustainable, and constant donations, like the partnership between Trussells Trust and Tesco.
But foodbanks also rely on the donations made by individuals - especially at Christmas time when more people are referred for help.
You can take donations directly to a foodbank or donate at supermarket collections.
Cash can be sent or more commonly, you can take a food package. But remember, most foodbanks have restrictions on what can be donated.
What can I donate?
Aston and Nechells Foodbank organisation say packet soups are preferred to tinned as it's easier for people to carry over the long distance they might be travelling.
Also if you're going to donate feminine hygiene products, many foodbanks won't accept tampons.
Milk, tomatoes, and juice drinks are what foodbanks usually have to buy themselves as they don't get enough of these.
There are a lot of polls out there, a lot of research, and it's hard to discern what's real from the signal-to-noise ratio. That's why, as a general rule, I prefer to read studies, polls, academic papers — the things meant to educate me — from people who aren't getting paid to produce them. Not that a paycheck is bad, mind you. It just creates a motive for a certain outcome that usually aligns with the checkbook holder's opinion. The Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI) is a non-profit whose focus I suppose you can probably guess.
The newest paper from PRRI comes on the heels of Trump's directive to the DOJ to begin investigating universities for discriminating against white people. Like all Republicans, Trump believes that Affirmative Action, by leveling the playing field, actually tilts it in favor of people of color.
That's asinine, but I guarantee that you — whoever you are, reading this — you know someone who thinks the same thing.
In fact, that was the focus of PRRI's latest research. This graph shows responses from different demographics to queries on just who, exactly, is discriminated against in America.
There are some interesting takeaways here: First, of course, is that Democrats are likeliest to see discrimination where it demonstrably exists. To be a partisan at least requires one to be versed in the aims of the party they favor, and Democrats aim to reduce discrimination. But even more fascinating to me are the averages, over in the “All Americans” section of the graph. This reflected the opinions of both partisan groups and those who identified as neither, combined.
The fact that any respondents indicated they thought there even was discrimination against whites is hilarious to me. I personally think they're confusing “you didn't get that job” with “you kinda felt uncomfortable on the subway the other night,” but I don't really have science on my side with that informal study. But Christians? Are you kidding me? You don't even have to be a member to get their holidays off work! That kind of response makes Republicans even more heartbreakingly stupid than I thought.
In literally every case, the group of Democratic respondents is closer to the views of All Americans than the group of Republicans. All of them. Look back at the graph and do the addition or subtraction. In every case, Republicans were less likely to see discrimination where it does exist and more likely to see it where it does not.
Explains a lot, doesn't it?
Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
PHILADELPHIA, PA - NOVEMBER 23: Justin Hunter #15 of the Tennessee Titans runs the ball for a touchdown in the second quarter of the game against the Philadelphia Eagles at Lincoln Financial Field on November 23, 2014 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (Photo by Rich Schultz/Getty Images)
Hunter is the speed option to replace Brice Butler, a free agent the Cowboys clearly have no interest in bringing back. While their best season is modest - 28 receptions for 498 yards and three touchdowns with Tennessee in 2014 - Hunter has shown an ability to provide an occasional deep threat.
Dontrelle Inman and Justin Hunter are currently scheduled to drop by The Star in the next few days, a source said. The club has discussed the possibility of signing both players.
Inman isn't a deep threat but in many ways he's an ideal fit. He's regarded as an outstanding blocker - a requirement in the Cowboys' run-first scheme - and a strong route runner.
Many have fixated on speed in the Cowboys' quest to make the offense more Dak-friendly. But it can be argued quarterback Dak Prescott would be best served by adding quality route runners.
Inman had their best season in 2016 with 58 receptions for 810 yards and four touchdowns for the San Diego Chargers. Quarterback Philip Rivers had this to say about Inman during that season.
"Dontrelle is a good player," Rivers told the San Diego Union-Tribune. "He makes plays. They run good routes. Their main thing is they are dependable. You can count on them to run the right route, to play any position, to do their job every day."
Inman appears to be the stronger choice for the Cowboys at the moment. But the club hasn't ruled out signing both receivers if they like what they see later this week.
Donations are still being accepted, with proceeds to benefit school programs
Coastline Christian Academy is opening the doors on its much-anticipated A to Z Rummage Sale from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday.
The public is invited to shop ‘til they drop at 5950 Cathedral Oaks Road (near Fairview Avenue) among a lawn full of everything from A to Z, including clothing, toys, artwork, furniture, books, sports equipment, collectibles and, yes, perhaps even a kitchen sink.
The rummage items are donated by Coastline families and faculty, as well as school neighbors and local churches. To donate sales items, call the school at 805.967.5834.
The annual sale helps raise funds for the school, which offers enrolled families one of the lowest tuition rates for a private school education in Santa Barbara.
Coastline Christian Academy is a K-8 co-educational, non-denominational Christian school serving the families of Santa Barbara and Goleta, and is an accredited member of the Association of Christian Schools International and the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
— Kerry Graffy Mariea is a volunteer parent for the Coastline Christian Academy.
So, an "alt-right" speaker is coming to your school. What now?
You can choose to ignore it, you can choose to enlist support from groups normally targeted by the alt-right, or you can simply choose to hold a "joyful" peaceful protest.
Whatever you do, you should deny the speaker a "spectacle" or "heated confrontations."
These and many more tips are available in the newly released Southern Poverty Law Center campus guide to countering the alt-right. Titled "The Alt-Right on Campus: What Students Need to Know," the guide aims to give students a 360˚ look at the alt-right movement, its main speakers and most importantly, suggestions on how to combat the movement.
The guide came out just a few days before the clashes and confrontations sparked by the weekend's planned "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, home of the University of Virginia. Lecia Brooks, SPLC director of outreach, said they think the guide could have been helpful in that situation, because it could have helped single out the violent groups that went to Charlottesville for the rally.
The SPLC is an Alabama-based nonprofit organization that monitors hate crimes and hate speech across the country. It released the guide because it believes students are not adequately prepared to deal with the influx of alt-right speakers that have started to flood college campuses throughout the country.
The term alt-right has become intertwined with the term white nationalism, which originated as a euphemism for white supremacy, the belief that white people are superior to all other races and should therefore dominate society, according to Oren Segal, director of the Anti-Defamation League Center on Extremism.
Though people who hold these beliefs may go by names like alt-right, identarians or race realists, this is simply a rebranding: "a new name for this old hatred," Segal said.
Reflecting what observers say is a glaring nationwide trend, many college campuses have seen increasing tensions -- in some cases outright confrontations -- surrounding controversial speakers and programs in recent months.
Two examples: A scheduled appearance by right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos in February at the University of California at Berkeley was canceled amid near-riots. And in April, three people were arrested at Auburn University in Alabama amid mostly peaceful protests over the appearance of white nationalist Richard Spencer.
What to do, what to say
The SPLC guide is "meant to educate the students in advance," said the SPLC's Brooks. They said college administrators and leaders of college groups were ill-equiped to deal with these speakers.
"What often happens is [these speakers] will present themselves as conservative thinkers," Brooks said. "They don't really identify themselves as white nationalists."
The guide is being distributed by the SPLC's on-campus program. It is being sent to over 2,000 schools across the country, including historically black colleges and universities.
On the receiving end are student unions, student groups and college administrators.
Aside from identifying and explaining the main actors behind the alt-right movement, it also offers tips on how to address the situation before the speakers come to campus.
It encourages students to speak to their classmates, make a YouTube video or print out a pamphlet. Other ideas include passing out buttons and making T-shirts.
The guide also suggests enlisting college leadership, faculty and others for help.
Rise of white nationalism on College campuses
Brooks said white nationalism began to grip college campuses throughout America around 2012, with the first "White Students Union."
The union was founded by Matthew Heimbach at Towson University in Maryland. Since then, various other alt-right speakers, such as Yiannopoulos and Spencer, have had successful campus tours. College is a formative time and these speakers normally thrive in that atmosphere, according to Brooks.
For Brooks and the SPLC, the guide isn't about radical new ideas to combat the alt-right and white nationalism, it is more of a way to introduce Yiannopoulos and Spencer to the average college audience and explain that behind the "conservative" speaker is really a white nationalist mentality.
"Students often don't know who they are," Brooks said, and college administrators find themselves in a tough situation trying to protect free speech and also curb hate speech.
The most important piece of advice
The guide's most crucial piece of advice is to not engage directly with the speaker or resort to violence.
"There are many other ways to challenge the beliefs of this movement." it reads.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
An open house celebrating CEO Blair Brubaker's retirement is planned for 2-4 p.m. on Friday, Dec. 15. The event is open to the public and will be held at RT Industries, 110 Foss Way, Troy.
TROY — After 36 years in the same field, RT Industries CEO Blair Brubaker is retiring from the job that helped them find their direction in life.
Brubaker's last day at the non-profit, a partner agency of Riverside Developmental Disabilities that provides employment opportunities for adults with disabilities, is Dec. 31.
After graduating from high school in 1973, Brubaker felt aimless and uncertain about their future. They were working for their father's business, Brubaker's Interiors, when a delivery of donated carpet samples to Riverside changed the course of their life.
They dropped off the samples and was given a tour by one of the employees, who talked them into volunteering.
“About six months later, my dad sat me down and said, ‘Blair, you're spending more time volunteering than you are working for me. This is telling you something,'” Brubaker recalled.
Impressed by the services Riverside offered, especially for the adults, they knew for the first time what career they wanted to pursue. Brubaker attended Miami University and after graduation, and sent out only one resume.
“That was in 1981 and they hired me,” they said. “That's how my career started. From dropping off some donated items and then volunteering after that.”
RT Industries, which incorporated in 1974, works to develop employment opportunities for Miami County residents with disabilities. The agency serves more than 200 adults in the county, through community employment and job development, adult day services, volunteer opportunities and more.
A lot has changed in the developmental disabilities services field in 36 years, Brubaker said. The agency serves more people now than in the past and provides more opportunities and services.
“We do a variety of things that the public is probably not aware of,” they said. “We have 80 people who come in here every day to work in our production facility, we provide job coaches for the career center, we take care of the roadside rest areas … the menu of services and options they can choose from has increased dramatically.”
RT Industries also operates adult day services, offering outings and activities, volunteer opportunities, art classes and more.
“I think we have a lot to be proud of,” Brubaker said.
There has also been a statewide push to privatize services for adults with disabilities, Brubaker said. Beginning in January, RT Industries is set to be completely privatized, although it will continue to receive partial funding from Riverside Developmental Disabilities. The county has worked for the last 10 years to plan for privatization, they said.
”A business like RT Industries isn't successful unless the people that we serve are,” they said. “Just seeing all the success stories, whether it's getting a job in the community, whether it's being able to do a task. I mean, we serve such a wide range of individuals that each person has their own successes. And that's been great.”
Over the years, Brubaker said he's enjoyed hearing from employers in the community who are pleased with the employees RT Industries has trained and seeing employers appreciate their capabilities.
“The people we serve are so much more like us than they are unlike us,” they said.
Once RT Industries gets their “foot in the door” with an employer in the community, employment opportunities typically expand. “But, boy, is it hard to get our foot in the door sometimes,” they added.
He's also enjoyed getting to spend time with the people RT Industries serves.
“I've know many of these people since they were kids,” they said. “It's been a fantastic experience, it really has. I consider myself very, very fortunate.”
With retirement just a few weeks away, Brubaker said has no concrete plans for retirement beyond taking the opportunity to relax.
“I'm looking forward to spending more time with my wife, though I'm not sure you'd hear the same thing from her,” they joked.
The Piqua native lives in Troy with their wife and they enjoy the outdoors and traveling, especially road trips.
“He will be truly missed,” incoming CEO Ashley Brocious said of Brubaker. “He's like a celebrity around here. You can see how people run to them when they come in the door.”
They also pointed out the honors and awards he's been given in recent months, including a letter from Congressman Warren Davidson and recognition from State Sen. Bill Beagle. Brubaker was also one of the first recipients of the Ohio Association of Adult Services' and Provider Support Group's Lifetime Member Award.
“It means a lot,” they said.
Brocious, a Fletcher resident, worked for RT Industries for about a year before being named as the non-profit's next leader. Since then, they and Brubaker have worked closely together to prepare for the transition.
“I have a very content feeling,” they said. “RT will be in good hands for years and years to come.”
On their last day of work, Brubaker said they hope to be the last person to leave the building.
“I want to be the last one here, for it to be dark,” they said. “I'll have my little box ready and I'll be the last one out the door.”
http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2017/12/web1_NextDoor-2.jpg Cecilia Fox | Troy Daily News Retiring RT Industries CEO Blair Brubaker and incoming CEO Ashley Brocious have been working closely together for months to make the transition as easy as possible. Brubaker said he's content to retire knowing the non-profit agency is in good hands. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2017/12/web1_CSC_0254.jpg Cecilia Fox | Troy Daily News Retiring RT Industries CEO Blair Brubaker and incoming CEO Ashley Brocious have been working closely together for months to make the transition as easy as possible. Brubaker said he's content to retire knowing the non-profit agency is in good hands.
Brubaker retiring from RT Industries
By Cecilia Fox cfox@troydailynews.com
You're invited: An open house celebrating CEO Blair Brubaker's retirement is planned for 2-4 p.m. on Friday, Dec. 15. The event is open to the public and will be held at RT Industries, 110 Foss Way, Troy.
Reach Cecilia at cfox@troydailynews.com.
Reach Cecilia at cfox@troydailynews.com.
AMMAN - A jihadist group linked to the former branch of al Qaida in Syria claimed responsibility for shooting down a Russian SU-25 warplane with a shoulder launched anti-aircraft missile.
The group Tahrir al-Sham released a statement on social media quoting a commander in charge of its air defenses as saying one of its fighters had hit the jet during an air raid over the city of Saraqeb in the northwestern province of Idlib. Tahrir al-Sham includes the group formerly known as the Nusra Front, which served as al Qaida's Syrian branch.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Welcome to Wednesday's LIVE Derby County blog from Derbyshire Live.
Join us as we provide you with the latest updates as the Rams' search for a successor to Gary Rowett, who joined Stoke City last week.
On Saturday night, Lampard confirmed that they are in talks with Derby over the vacant manager's position .
Former England teammate Rio Ferdinand has also had their say on the story, as well as Rams legend Alan Hinton and current Chelsea defender David Luiz .
It is being reported that Derby are in "advanced" talks with Lampard, who has been a red-hot favourite since last week to fill the vacant position at Pride Park Stadium.
Chelsea under-18s coach Jody Morris is expected to join Derby should Frank Lampard be appointed as the Rams' next manager, according to reports.
We will also bring you all the latest Rams news and transfer talk, along with the latest from across the Championship.
You can get involved by tweeting us @DerbyTelDcfc or you can join in the conversation on Facebook , or by leaving a comment below.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Planning to stay in this evening?
You could do worse than to check out Friday night favourite The Graham Norton Show, as the host has got a bumper crop of celebrities to interview.
Joining Graham will be musician, producer and The Voice judge Will.i.am, singer-songwriter George Ezra - who has just returned to the airwaves with new single Paradise - and Oscar winner Cuba Gooding Junior.
English stage and screen actor Imelda Staunton will also be taking questions ahead of the release of their new film Finding Your Feet.
The host will also be subjecting more audience members to the dreaded red chair - so their stories had better be good.
The show is running from 10.35pm until 11.25pm tonight on BBC One.
Pre-premiere scandal arose when it was revealed one of Becca's cookie cutter suitors on The Bachelorette had a bad habit of liking racist, sexist, and otherwise derogatory posts on an Instagram account that has since been deleted.
Garrett Yrigoyen, who took home Becca's first impression rose, conveniently claimed that old account was hacked in a post from their new, squeaky clean Insta account. Which, sure Garrett! Whatever you say. Totally makes sense for someone to go through the trouble of hacking an Instagram account only to like certain posts.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
While ABC has yet to address the controversy (the network currently has a lot on its hands), Becca spoke out about Garrett's shady behavior in an interview with E!. Basically, their response is... not a response at all.
"I've heard a little bit about it these past couple days," Becca told E!. "I've just been so busy traveling around the country with press that I haven't really been able to read too much up on it. But everyone is entitled to their own opinions, and at the end of the day, I wanted to go on this journey to open up myself and have people see my love story unfold, and I would hope that they would stay open and respect me but also stay open and respect these 28 guys that went along on the journey with me."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As E! reports, there are no phones or computers allowed during the taping of the show. So it's not unfathomable that Becca (who's own Instagram activity includes a post from the Women's March in 2017) would have been in the dark about Garrett's suspicious Instagram patterns.
"I feel like I got a much better picture of whom these 28 guys were, as opposed to just looking on their social media and trying to make a decision of who they were by not talking to them," Becca said.
The rest of their statement is confusing, and doesn't totally add up with Garrett's response that they were hacked. Becca continues:
"People form their own opinions, but at the end of the day, I know who I am and my friends and family know the type of person who I am, and I can only hope the guys feel that same way," they said. "It's going to be tough. I think social media is a huge presence in our lives these days. There's no getting around that fact. It's difficult for people to say certain things about any of these guys, and so I would really just hope that they watch the entire journey and get to know them for who they really are."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
None of that really means anything, except "please watch my journey," (Becca, WE ARE!!!). But riddle me THIS: Why would Becca be concerned about the opinions people form, and keeping an open mind, if this was all just the result of a hack, as Garrett claims? I don't work in PR, but it seems like the smarter thing for Becca to do here would've been to double-down on Garrett's statement, and say something about how being in the spotlight opens you up to hacking, or something like that.
I'll leave you with this: Becca shouldn't have sent home Joe the grocer! Bring back Joe the grocer.
Follow Hannah on Twitter.
North Korea is preparing for “any mode of war” triggered by US military action, Pyongyang's envoy to the United Nations warned Monday, saying their country would respond to a missile or nuclear strike “in kind.”
The statement from North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Nations, Kim In Ryong, followed warnings from US Vice President Mike Pence to Pyongyang not to test US resolve.
“If the United States dares opt for a military action (…) the DPRK is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the Americans,” Kim told a news conference at UN headquarters in New York.
“We will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs,” they said.
North Korea has taken “self-defensive” measures in response to US threats of military action and these reflect Pyongyang's determination to “counter nukes and ICBM in kind,” Kim said, referring to intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Pence earlier told a news conference in South Korea that “the era of strategic patience is over” after North Korea on Sunday test-fired another missile and fears mounted that it may be preparing a sixth nuclear test.
Pyongyang is seeking to develop a long-range missile capable of hitting the US mainland with a nuclear warhead, and has so far staged five nuclear tests, two of them last year.
Kim also confirmed that a new nuclear test was under preparation, saying that the plans had been announced and that “it will take place.”
“As far as nuclear test is concerned, it was already announced to the public. It is something that our headquarters decided. At a time and at the place where our headquarters deem necessary, it will take place,” they said.
- ‘Got to behave' -
US President Donald Trump's decision at the weekend to send the Carl Vinson carrier-led navy strike group to the Korean peninsula shows that the “US reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase,” said Kim.
The North Korean deputy envoy asserted that Pyongyang would hold the United States “wholly accountable for the catastrophic consequences to be entailed by its outrageous actions.”
The envoy criticized the US missile strikes that hit an air base in Syria last week, saying Washington was resorting to a “gangster-like logic” that its military action was proportionate and could apply to the Korean peninsula as well.
Trump on Monday said their message to North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un was: “Got to behave.”
UN spokesperson Stephane Dujarric separately expressed concern over rising tensions on the Korean peninsula and said the latest missile test was “troubling”.
They urged North Korea to “take all the steps necessary to de-escalate the situation and return to dialogue on denuclearization.”
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will next week chair a special meeting of the UN Security Council on North Korea.
cml/jm
© Agence France-Presse
Share this Story
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — It is Tax Day, the deadline to file your 2016 income taxes. If you haven't filed, you still have time and options.
The first option is to complete your 1040, 1040A, or 1040EZ and either file electronically, as the IRS prefers, or drop it in the mail before the post office closes Tuesday.
Make sure to double-check your social security number, bank account information and sign and date the forms. Those are the main reasons returns get kicked back.
Jeff Donovan of Donovan CPA & Advisors in Avon said if you haven't started your return yet, you should file an automatic six-month extension and then take your time.
“They could maybe try to fill out the forms themselves, but that would probably be in haste and probably not be such a great idea. So the best thing to do is extend and there's really no downside to extending, unless of course they owe money,” Donovan said.
If you do owe money to the IRS, filing for an extension does not get you out of paying by Tax Day. You need to pay the estimated amount due, before the end of the day. If you don't, you could accumulate interest and penalties.
If you expect a refund, you have until essentially October of the year 2020, with the filing of extensions, to get your paperwork filed. If you miss that deadline, you “donate” your refund to the US Treasury.
Tax Day is a little later this year than in most years. Traditionally, taxes are due April 15, but since that fell on the weekend, the filing deadline would usually be set for the following Monday. However, April 17 is Emancipation Day, which celebrates President Abraham Lincoln signing legislation that freed slaves back in 1862. It's also a legal holiday in the District of Columbia, so that pushed the tax deadline to April 18.
There are many Tax Day freebies available Tuesday. Here are a few in available in the Indianapolis area.
Bob Evans is offering 30% your entire order with this use of a coupon .
. You can get free cinnabon-bites at selected Cinnabon stores.
McDonald's has a variety of freebies from free coffee to quarter pounders for a discount depending on the location .
At Firehouse Subs you can get a free medium sub when you buy a medium or large sub, chips and a drink.
Hooters is offering free food for kids twelve and younger with the purchase of an regular meal.
BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse has a coupon for $10 off an order of $35 or more.
for $10 off an order of $35 or more. If you're in the Castleton area, you can visit the new Capriotti's for a free upgrades from small to medium size on all sandwiches on Tax Day only.
Check out the full list of discounts and freebies below, courtesy of Offers.com.
Food and Drink Offers
Arby's – Chow down on free curly fries on Tax Day.
Beef O'Brady's – You can take 15% off your bill on April 18.
Bertucci's – Don't miss out on these specials:
* Small Menucci pizza at lunch for $4.18.
* Dinner pizza for $10.40. Choose from cheese, Margherita, or pepperoni.
Bob Evans – Score 30% off dine-in or takeout.
Bonefish Grill – Munch on $5 Bang Bang Shrimp after 4 p.m. in select locations.
Boston Market – * Boston Market – Feast on two meal deals:
* Half chicken individual meal for $10.40. Meals include two sides, cornbread, regular fountain drink, and cookie.
* Two quarter-rack BBQ rib meals for $10.40.
Bravo Cucina Italiana – Mention “Tax-Free Tax Day”, and you can get a sales tax-free meal.
Brio Tuscan Grille – Say the secret password, “Tax-Free Tax Day”, and you can receive a sales tax-free meal.
Brixx Wood Fired Pizza – After 5 p.m., you can purchase two entrees and get two free entrees.
Bruegger's – Take home a Big Bagel Bundle with 13 bagels and two tubs of cream cheese for $10.40.
California Tortilla – You can dive into free queso and chips when you mention the password “tax crunch” to your server.
Capriotti's – Get a medium sandwich for the price of a small sandwich.
Chili's – Sip $6 blueberry and pineapple margaritas on Tax Day.
Chuck E Cheese – Purchase any large pizza to get one free large cheese pizza.
Cinnabon – Indulge in two free Classic Bites on April 18.
Dickey's Barbecue Pit – Gobble down a free dessert with $10 purchase.
Firehouse Subs – Score a free medium sub with purchase of a medium or large sub, chips, and a medium drink.
Godfather's Pizza – You can get a large one-topping pizza with Monkey Bread for $10.40.
Great American Cookies – Treat yourself to a free Birthday Cake cookie on Tax Day.
Hooters – Check out these Offers:
* 20 boneless wings for $4.18.
* Free kids meal with a $10 purchase.
Hot Dog on a Stick – Grab a free original turkey dog.
Hungry Howie's – Buy one large one-topping pizza, get one medium one-topping pizza for $0.18.
Kona Ice – Grab a free tropical shaved ice cone on April 18. Kona Ice will have their trucks parked outside post offices, tax preparation centers, and businesses all over the country.
Logan's Roadhouse – Buy one, get one free entree.
Maggiano's – You can receive $25 off $150 worth of catering in select areas.
McDonald's – Call your local McDonald's to find out what Tax Day deals are being offered. Deals may include:
* Buy one, get one Big Mac or Quarter Pounder with cheese for $0.01, $0.15, or $0.25.
* Free small French fries.
* Hamburger for $0.59.
Noodles & Company – Take $4 off an online order of $10 or more.
Papa John's – You can slice up a large pizza with up to three toppings and a two-liter soft drink for $10.40.
Papa Murphy's – Bring home two Take ‘N' Bake Pizzas for $10.40.
P.F. Chang's – Get 20% off takeout.
Pizza Hut – Take 30% off online orders.
Pollo Tropical – You can get 15% off any order.
Quiznos – As a Quiznos Toasty Points member, you can enjoy 10.40% off your purchase. If you are a new member, you can get a free four-inch sub when you download the app.
Schlotzsky's – Enjoy a free small Original sandwich with purchase of a 32-ounce fountain drink and chips.
Sonic – Slurp down half priced drinks and slushies all day.
Sonny's BBQ – Dig into a half priced rib dinner on April 18.
Texas Steakhouse & Saloon – Take advantage of these deals:
* $5 off two entrees.
* $3 off lunch menu items from 11 a.m. – 4 p.m.
* Free appetizer with purchase of two adult entrees.
* Free kids meal with adult entree purchase.
The Palm – Nibble on a free appetizer with purchase of any beverage.
Tony Roma's – If you are a member of the Tony Roma Email Club, look for a coupon for a free dessert in your inbox.
World of Beer – Gulp down a free beer or get $5 off your check.
Retail Offers
Barnes and Noble – Receive 10% off any order.
Dollar General – Score 10% off any order.
French Toast – You can get 40% off any order.
J.Crew Factory – Receive 50% off any order, plus free shipping.
Kohl's – Save with these three Offers:
* 15% off orders over $10, plus free shipping.
* 10% off orders over $75, plus free shipping
* Extra 15% off home items.
Lord & Taylor – You can take an extra 30% off any order.
Macy's – Get up to 60% off, plus free shipping on orders $49+
Neiman Marcus – Get an extra 20% sale items.
Payless Shoes – You can receive 15% off any order.
Saks Fifth Avenue – Enjoy up to 80% off any order.
Travel & Service Offers
JetBlue – You could win a free, one-way flight if you owe taxes this year.
National Parks – Get free entrance to any U.S. National Park the weekends of April 15 – April 16 and April 22 – April 23.
Office Depot & Office Max – Get five pounds of document shredding for free.
Planet Fitness – Unwind with a free hydromassage.
Staples – Print a coupon for up to two pounds of document shredding for free.
Wyndham Hotels and Resorts – You can score up to 35% off online bookings for hotel stays between May 1 – September 30. To unlock the deal, use code HTAX00 and book by April 17.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
By Abby Hassler
Prince, also known as “The Purple One” is finally getting their very own Pantone color. Pantone and Prince's Estate announced today (August 14) that the late singer has their own purple hue, “Love Symbol #2,” which is named after the iconic symbol the singer used as an emblem for theirs name.
Related: Wesley Snipes Beat Out Prince for Their Role in Michael Jackson's ‘Bad'
“The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be. This is an incredible way for their legacy to live on forever,” Troy Carter, entertainment adviser to Prince's Estate, said.
“We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol #2, a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince, ‘the purple one,'” added Laurie Pressman, vice president of the Pantone Color Institute. “A musical icon known for their artistic brilliance, Love Symbol #2 is emblematic of Prince's distinctive style. Long associated with the purple family, Love Symbol #2 enables Prince's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Ana Maria Cardona, frequently weeping, took the stand in their own defense Monday, as they are being tried for the third time for the murder of their 3-year-old son, Lazaro Figueroa, in 1990.
Twice before, Cardona has been tried, convicted and sentenced to death, but the convictions have been overturned due to procedural errors and “inflammatory” statements by prosecutors.
Lazaro's body was found in bushes on Miami Beach. They had been starved, beaten, their skull crushed.
As in their previous trials, Cardona blamed their girlfriend, Olivia Gonzalez, for killing Lazaro. The child became known as “Baby Lollipops,” for the T-shirt they were wearing, bearing images of Lollipops.
Cardona said they reluctantly engaged in a “romantic” relationship with Gonzalez, because they needed a place to live with Lazaro and their two older siblings.
“Olivia was forcing me to maintain a relationship with them Anytime they touched me, I became nauseous,” Cardona testified.
“I became dependent on them They were blackmailing me and threatening me and said they were going to take my children,” Cardona testified, crying.
“The problem with Olivia was I paid more attention to my children then I did to her,” Cardona testified. “She's a monster, a monster, a monster.”
Cardona said Gonzalez would abuse Lazaro, shaking them and screaming at him.
Cardona said that when they moved into a small efficiency Gonzalez told them there could be no small loud children around.
They said that Gonzalez told them they had taken Lazaro to stay with a still unidentified friend.
“Did you ever see Lazaro again?” a defense attorney asked.
“No,” Cardona replied, weeping.
When they next heard of their son, it was from a homicide detective.
“He told me that my son was dead and I thought that I was going to die,” Cardona said.
Gonzalez did not testify in this third trial. Previously they testified Cardona beat Lazaro, and smashed their head with a baseball bat. Other witnesses did testify that they saw Cardona repeatedly abuse Lazaro, and neglect him. When the boy's body was found they weighed only 18 pounds, half of what they should have.
Cardona also told police in 1990 that they dumped Lazaro's body after they fell and hit theirs head.
They recanted the statement Monday, saying it was coerced from them by a manipulative Detective.
“I didn't kill my son, Olivia killed my son!” Cardona cried.
Judge Miguel de la O told jurors they should hear closing arguments by Tuesday afternoon. This time, the state is not seeking the death penalty.
New Iberia – Funeral services were conducted for Marguerite “Mugs” Clark Williams, 96, at 11 a.m. on Wednesday, Oct. 4, in the David Funeral Home Chapel in New Iberia with Deacon Theo Landry officiating.
Burial followed in Holy Family Cemetery.
Visitation began Tuesday, Oct. 3, from 5 p.m. until 9 p.m. and resumed on Wednesday, Oct. 4, at 8 a.m. until 11 a.m. A rosary was prayed in the funeral home on Tuesday at 7 p.m.
A native of Ridge and a resident of New Iberia, Mrs. Williams passed away on Friday, Sept. 29, 2017, at 1:45 p.m. at Consolata Nursing Home in New Iberia.
They were a retired teacher with the Iberia Parish School Board. They were a member of Kappa Kappa Iota, Teachers Sorority, and the Lady Altar Society at Nativity of Our Lady Catholic Church. They also loved to sing and was a member of the church choir and taught CCD for many years.
 They are survived by their daughters, Susan Fitzpatrick and husband Harvey (dec.) of Houston, Texas, Madelyn Rice and husband Randy of Lafayette and Janet Breard and husband Herbert of Monroe; their son, Michael L. Williams and wife Patty of New Iberia; their grandchildren, Franz Seidelhuber and wife Kathi of San Carlos, California, Elizabeth Seidelhuber of Lafayette, California, Christy S. Page and husband Jeremy of Eureka, California, Elizabeth York and husband Edward and Dr. Henry C. Foust III and wife Gretchen, all of Houston, Texas, Lauren Gary and husband Chap and Katy Bunker and husband Michael, all of Lafayette, Charles Rice and wife Elissa of Houston, Texas, Major Herbert L. Breard IV and wife Jewal of Yorktown, Virginia, Leighton Breard of Monroe, Jessica Thibodaux, and Marguerite Paige Jordan and husband Paul all of New Iberia; and 45 great-grandchildren.
They were preceded in death by their beloved husband, James N. Williams Sr.; their parents, Dr. Michael L. Clark and Solanges Daboval Clark; their daughter, Sheila (Penny) W. Seidelhuber; their son, James (Jimmy) Williams Jr.; their brother, Dr. Abner O. Clark and their sisters, Genevieve C. Dischler and Beatrice C. Zaunbrecher.
Pallbearers were Michael L. Williams, Herbert Breard III, Martin Zaunbrecher, Dr. F.M. Zaunbrecher, Dr. Henry C. Foust III and Leighton Breard.
Honorary pallbearers were Randy Rice, Franz Seidelhuber, Major Herbert L. Breard IV and Charles Rice
You can sign the guest register book and / or send condolences at www.davidfuneralhome.org
David Funeral Home of New Iberia, 1101 Trotter St., (337) 369-6336, was in charge of arrangements.
In lieu of flowers, the family asks that donations be made to The ALS Association, 1275 K Street NW, Suite 250, Washington, DC 20005 or to a charity of one's choice.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Twelve people have died and more are feared dead after a huge fire destroyed a tower block in west London.
Flames tore through the 24-storey Grenfell Tower in north Kensington overnight, leaving people trapped on upper floors - some holding babies out of windows and others jumping from their flats.
Some bodies have been recovered from the smouldering remains of the block, which contains 120 flats thought to be home to between 400 and 600 people.
Many people are still unaccounted for and firefighters are continuing to tackle "pockets of fire" in the block.
Fire crews descended on the tower block in London in the early hours of Wednesday - but false information is being shared on social media about the length of time firefighters took to respond, according to the Mirror.
At 4.12am one person wrote on Twitter: "WHERE ARE THE FIREFIGHTERS? THAT THE F*** IS TAKING SO LONG!? Fire getting out of control, people still trapped in Grenfell Tower, Latimer Road."
They then added: "One woman said it took them two hours to arrive when their station is 2 blocks away."
The woman who shared the false information on Twitter appears to be Palestinian and Canadian and might not even live in London.
Another wrote: "The firefighters were about one hour and 45 minutes too late."
It's not clear whether people have read information somewhere online and misunderstood it or they are sharing lies in order to discredit the emergency services.
This is the truth
The first responders from London Fire Brigade arrived at Grenfell Tower within six minutes.
London Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton held a press conference, broadcast this morning on BBC Breakfast, in which they confirmed there had been fatalities.
They said that the first 999 call was received at 12.54am and firefighters were on the scene within six minutes to begin extinguishing the blaze.
Two hundred firefighters have been battling the flames at the tower, taking it in turns to rest.
In an interview with CNN, a nurse who lives nearby - and who rushed towards the scene to save victims - told how firefighters were stumbling out of the building injured despite wearing protective gear.
Prime Minister Theresa May has promised a "proper investigation" following the Grenfell Tower fire, saying that if any lessons are to be learned they will be, and "action will be taken".
Mrs May paid tribute to the efforts of the emergency services and said support should be given to the hundreds affected by the fire.
Speaking from Downing Street they said: "There are people tonight who have no home to go to, they have lost absolutely everything, so our focus must be on support to them.
"In due course, when the scene is secure, when it's possible to identify the cause of this fire, then of course there will be proper investigation and if there are any lessons to be learnt they will be, and action will be taken."
Making decisions about your retirement account can seem overwhelming, especially if you feel unsure about your knowledge of investments. However, the following basic rules can help you make smarter choices regardless of whether you have some investing experience or are just getting started.
Don't Lose Ground to Inflation
It's easy to see how inflation affects gas prices, electric bills and the cost of food; over time, your money buys less and less. But what inflation does to your investments isn't always as obvious.
Let's say your money is earning 4 percent and inflation is running between 3 percent and 4 prcent (its historical average). That means your investments are earning only 1 percent at best. And that's not counting any other costs; even in a tax-deferred retirement account such as a 401(k), you'll eventually owe taxes on that money. Unless your retirement portfolio at least keeps pace with inflation, you could actually be losing money without even realizing it.
What does that mean for your retirement strategy? First, you'll probably need to contribute more to your retirement plan than you think. What seems like a healthy sum now will seem smaller and smaller over time; at a 3 percent annual inflation rate, something that costs $100 today would cost $181 in 20 years. That means you'll probably need a bigger retirement nest egg than you anticipated.
Don't forget that people are living much longer now than they used to. You might need your retirement savings to last a lot longer than you expect, and inflation is likely to continue increasing prices over that time. Consider increasing your 401(k) contribution each year by at least enough to overcome the effects of inflation.
Second, you need to consider investing at least a portion of your retirement plan in investments that can help keep inflation from silently eating away at the purchasing power of your savings. Cash equivalents may be relatively safe, but they are the most likely to lose purchasing power to inflation over time. Even if you consider yourself a conservative investor, remember that stocks historically have provided higher long-term total returns than cash equivalents or bonds, even though they also involve greater risk of volatility and potential loss.
Invest Based on Your Time Horizon
Your time horizon is investment-speak for the amount of time you have left until you plan to use the money you're investing. Why is your time horizon important? Because it can affect how well your portfolio can handle the ups and downs of the financial markets.
Someone who was planning to retire in 2008 and was heavily invested in the stock market faced different challenges from the financial crisis than someone who was investing for a retirement that was many years away, because the person nearing retirement had fewer years left to let their portfolio recover from the downturn.
If you have a longtime horizon, you may be able to invest a greater percentage of your money in something that could experience more dramatic price changes but that might also have greater potential for long-term growth. Though past performance doesn't guarantee future results, the long-term direction of the stock market has historically been up despite its frequent and sometimes massive fluctuations.
Think long-term for goals that are many years away and invest accordingly. The longer you stay with a diversified portfolio of investments, the more likely you are to be able to ride out market downturns and improve your opportunities for gain.
Consider Your Risk Tolerance
Another key factor in your retirement investing decisions is your risk tolerance — basically, how well you can handle a possible investment loss. There are two aspects to risk tolerance. The first is your financial ability to survive a loss. If you expect to need your money soon — for example, if you plan to begin using your retirement savings in the next year or so — those needs reduce your ability to withstand even a small loss. However, if you're investing for the long term, don't expect to need the money immediately, or have other assets to rely on in an emergency, your risk tolerance may be higher.
The second aspect of risk tolerance is your emotional ability to withstand the possibility of loss. If you're invested in a way that doesn't let you sleep at night, you may need to consider reducing the amount of risk in your portfolio. Many people think they're comfortable with risk, only to find out when the market takes a turn for the worse that they're actually a lot less risk-tolerant than they thought. Often that means they wind upselling in a panic when prices are lowest. Try to be honest about how you might react to a market downturn, and plan accordingly.
Remember that there are many ways to manage risk. For example, understanding the potential risks and rewards of each of your investments and its role in your portfolio may help you gauge your emotional risk tolerance more accurately. Also, having money deducted from your paycheck and put into your retirement plan helps spread your risk over time. By investing regularly, you reduce the chance of investing a large sum just before the market takes a downturn.
Integrate Retirement with Your Other Financial Goals
Make sure you have an emergency fund; it can help you avoid needing to tap your retirement savings before you had planned to. Generally, if you withdraw money from your retirement plan before you turn 59½, you'll owe not only the amount of federal and state income tax on that money, but also a 10 percent federal penalty (and possibly a state penalty as well).
There are exceptions to the penalty for premature distributions from a 401(k) (for example, having a qualifying disability or withdrawing money after leaving your employer after you turn 55). However, having a separate emergency fund can help you avoid an early distribution and allow your retirement money to stay invested.
If you have outstanding debt, you'll need to weigh the benefits of saving for retirement versus paying off that debt as soon as possible. If the interest rate you're paying is high, you might benefit from paying off at least part of your debt first. If you're contemplating borrowing from or making a withdrawal from your workplace savings account, make sure you investigate using other financing options first, such as loans from banks, credit unions, friends, or family. If your employer matches your contributions, don't forget to factor into your calculations the loss of that matching money if you choose to focus on paying off debt. You'll be giving up what is essentially free money if you don't at least contribute enough to get the employer match.
Don't Put All Your Eggs in One Basket
Diversifying your retirement savings across many different types of investments can help you manage the ups and downs of your portfolio. Different types of investments may face different types of risk. For example, when most people think of risk, they think of market risk — the possibility that an investment will lose value because of a general decline in financial markets. However, there are many other types of risk.
Bonds face default or credit risk (the risk that a bond issuer will not be able to pay the interest owed on its bonds, or repay the principal borrowed). Bonds also face interest rate risk, because bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise. International investors may face currency risk if exchange rates between U.S. and foreign currencies affect the value of a foreign investment.
Political risk is created by legislative actions (or the lack of them). These are only a few of the various types of risk. However, one investment may respond to the same set of circumstances very differently than another, and thus involve different risks. Putting your money into many different securities, as a mutual fund does, is one way to spread your risk. Another is to invest in several different types of investments — for example, stocks, bonds and cash alternatives. Spreading your portfolio over several different types of investments can help you manage the types and level of risk you face.
Participating in your retirement plan is probably more important than any individual investing decision you'll make. Keep it simple, stick with it and time will be your best ally.
[For information purposes only. This information is not intended as tax, financial or investment advice for any particular individiual. The ideas and services mentioned may not be suitable for you and your particular situation If you have any questions, please discuss with your tax or financial advisor. Prepared by Broadridge Investor Communication Solutions Inc. Copyright 2012.]
— Anita Peca, CPA, PFS, represents Walpole & Co LLP, 70 Santa Felicia Drive in Goleta. Click here for more information, call 805.569.9864 x127 or email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Intellivision, a name which will be immediately familiar to gamers of a certain vintage, is back with a brand-new console - details surrounding which are, unfortunately, thin on the ground.
Launched in 1979 and not formally discontinued until 1990, Mattel Electronics' Intellivision was one of the original cartridge-based video game consoles. Released in the UK in 1981 for £199 - the equivalent of £725.17 in today's money - the Intellivision fought Atari's 2600 head-to-head, both as a first-party device and under licensed rebrands including Tandy, Bandai, and Sears. Total sales globally would number in the millions, but the video games market crash of 1983 and increased competition from home computers - including the Sinclair ZX Spectrum, launched in 1983 for just £175 with 48KB of RAM or £125 with 16KB - would spell disaster for Mattel's electronics arm.
Now, though, the Intellivision is due a reboot, riding the wave of nostalgia triggered by the release of devices including the Nintendo NES and SNES Classic Minis, TheC64 Mini, and the ZX Spectrum Next - and Tommy Tallarico, creator of the Video Games Live concert series and newly-named president of Intellivision Entertainment, is in charge.
'I grew up playing Intellivision with my parents and younger brother, claims Tallarico. 'It was always my favourite system because the games were cutting edge, yet fun and simple to play so our entire family could enjoy them together. I find those important elements to generally be lacking from our industry with the current modern gaming consoles. Our goal is to change that by focusing on bringing all age groups and levels of gamers and non-gamers together while introducing new generations of people to the legacy success of the Intellivision brand.'
Details around the new Intellivision are, as yet, scarce: Its name, specifications, and appearance have yet to be confirmed, though Tallarico has stated the console will include a redesigned controller and built-in Wi-Fi making it capable of downloading games from a store and storing them on an SD card, and that it will be at the cheaper end of the market - suggesting it will be something closer to a beefed-up emulation box like Nintendo's Classic Mini family than the more powerful Atari VCS, crowdfunding for which is due to open later today.
Intellivision Entertainment has launched a dedicated website for the device, which it promises to unveil fully on October 1st.
Intellivision image courtesy of Evan-Amos, CC BY-SA 3.0.
Yesenia Aguilar of Reading, Penn. holds their one year old daughter Denalli Urdaneta at an immigration rally on Capitol Hill in Washington on Jan. 23. Andrew Harnik AP
SEATTLE – A collision between two Seattle firetrucks responding to a call sent eight firefighters to the hospital.
Fire department officials tell the Seattle Times that the firefighters suffered no serious injuries in the Sunday morning crash and were treated and released.
Department spokesperson Alice Kim says a fire engine and ladder truck responding to an automatic fire alarm collided just before 8 a.m.
The ladder truck went through an empty parking lot and smashed the storefront of a massage business.
Seattle Police Department Detective Mark Jamieson says the cause of the crash is under investigation.
Kim says the fire department will conduct an internal investigation.
------
Information from: The Seattle Times.
/ Front page / News
* AN article on Page 5 of yesterday's The Fiji Times titled "Justice served, says mum" had some factual errors.
In fact, Suliasi Nasara was sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder charge and for the aggravated robbery charge, they were sentenced to 10 years and 9 months imprisonment with a non-parole period of 9 years.
Both sentences are to be served concurrently.
The Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions has clarified that Nasara was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 18 years to be served before they are eligible to apply for release, therefore they are not eligible for parole after nine years. We apologise for any inconvenience caused.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Chinese fantasy role playing game has 50m active players
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
After you watch this clip, you better not ever say that Tamar Braxton can't Sing!
The reality star and soul singer posted this clip of them killing it as they belted out their own rendition of Karyn White‘s hit classic “Super Woman.”
They got a little boost from folks including James Wright Chanel, the man who through their hilarious viral Youtube video helped Patti LaBelle's sweet potato pies fly off the shelves a few years ago.
Take a look:
WERK!
Tamar was prepping for the Columbia, South Carolina, stint of the national tour she's on with Xscape and Monica.
It's not a secret that Tamar has been going through a lot lately, especially in the face of their recent split with husband Vince Herbert, who is also Xscape's new manager.
With reports that they were allegedly physical with her, perhaps Tamar was singing this song about Vince and their relationship?
BEAUTIES: What do you think of Tamar's cover of “Super Woman”?
RELATED NEWS:
Tamar And Vince Struggle To Get Along In Exclusive Show Clip
Is Tamar Braxton Upset With Them Mother Over Domestic Violence Allegations?
Tamar Braxton Breaks Silence On Divorce: ‘That Last Time Was The Last Time'
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
We posted recently about how happy marketers make better marketers, and we'll riff a little more on that theme in today's infographic by Cloud communication adviser GetVoIP.
Employee recognition is crucial to keeping a happy team, no matter the industry you're in. When 49% of employees report they are dissatisfied with the recognition they receive, managers should take note.
Improved recognition can mean better work, according to the infographic, which reports that 69% of employees would work harder if they felt their efforts were better appreciated, and 50% of employees say that something as simple as being thanked by a manager improves the relationship.
Even a small effort can pay off. Employees in an organization that makes recognition a focus are seven times more likely to stay, according to the infographic.
To see more about the importance of employee recognition, and to get some ideas on how to implement it, check out the graphic:
&
From tartan blazers and knee high socks to Vivienne Westwood wedding gowns, take a look at some of the top iconic fashion moments from our favourite films.
The Seven Year Itch
Whether you've seen this movie or not, you're sure to be familiar with the dress that formed one of Marilyn Monroe's most iconic looks. The famous scene where Monroe poses standing over a New York subway grating has inspired many fashion editorials, fancy dress outfits and pop culture references, making it one of the most memorable fashion moments in history.
Annie Hall
Androgynous fashion may be bigger than ever, but lest we forget one of the trends pioneers. The character of Annie Hall, played by Diane Keaton, has become a household name for merging femininity and masculine styles, resulting in an army of loyal followers including fashionista Alexa Chung and fashion editor Pandora Sykes.
Sex and the city
While the movie spin off might not hold a candle to the original HBO series, there's no denying that both deserve an award for their fashion choices. Stylist Patricia Field worked on the costume for both the TV series and first and second movie, and did a great job each time. From Carrie's eclectic style to one of the most extravagant displays of designer wedding gowns, Sex and the city is a strong contender in the movie style stakes.
Clueless
Who doesn't love a bit of 90's fashion? Tartan blazers, over the knee socks and pleated mini skirts are just some of the many nostalgic trends seen in cult classic, Clueless. According to the movies stylist Mona May, many of the looks created in Clueless consisted of a mixture of designer fashion and vintage thrift store finds. To this day, Clueless remains a big source of style inspiration for fashion designers and even app creators, bringing us modernised versions of Cher's interactive closet!
Breakfast at Tiffany's
Standing outside Tiffany's eating a pastry and drinking a coffee, Audrey Hepburn's character Holly Golightly formed a fashion moment that still has a massive influence today. Paired with huge sunglasses and glamorous jewellery, the black Givenchy gown worn by Hepburn was hailed the best movie dress back in 1961, and is a perfect example on how to wear an LBD.
Pulp Fiction
From John Travolta's smart gangster attire to Uma Thurman's statement look, Pulp Fiction is a masterpiece when it comes to style. Thurman's role as Mia Wallace features the most recognisable look from the movie, showing us that sometimes all you need is a white shirt, black trousers and a bold red lip.
The Royal Tenenbaums
Wes Anderson's movies are a visual feast in themselves, so it's no surprise they feature some impressive fashion moments. The Royal Tenenbaums most iconic look is brought to us by character Margot, played by Gwyneth Paltrow. Margot's fur coat, brown loafers, Hermes birkin bag and signature black eyeliner have been recreated on runways for years, and has even become a popular halloween costume idea.
Whether it's Mia Wallace's signature white shirt or some Annie Hall esque smart trousers, shop online with Bellfield clothing for perfect movie inspired style.
The first step in the NDP government's much-hyped billion-dollar child care plan may not roll out exactly as hoped.
A lack of information has some of B.C.'s child care operators considering opting out or delaying signing up for an initiative that promises to save parents money.
The BC Child Care Owners Association says there are major problems with the government's fee reduction plan, including that they haven't been consulted.
The non-profit advocacy group said the NDP is "in the process of dramatically changing the landscape of child care in British Columbia."
Among those changes is the Child Care Fee Reduction Initiative, under which licensed providers who have opted in will receive funding.
The program is optional, but all participating child care providers will be required to reduce their fees once the initiative comes into effect. However, providers may be permitted to increase parent fees by a pre-planned "reasonable" amount during the year if the province approves.
Those facing "extraordinary circumstances" can also apply for parent fee increases if the ministry has approved in writing.
The province has billed the initiative as a way to keep parents' fees affordable, provide fair salaries to staff and maintain quality of care.
The BCCCOA said some of its members feel the program was rushed and "has caused chaos and confusion" among those being "pressured" to sign up.
Representative Amanda Worms said child care providers were initially excited to hear about the province's major investment, but when the initiative was announced, their excitement turned to confusion.
"We would have to freeze our rates if we want to opt in. The problem is that our leases are going up every year and we have staff who are really underpaid," Worms told CTV News.
"There doesn't need to be any money spent on research. You can ask any owner or operator. There is a staffing crisis."
BCCCOA members take issue with the fact that those working in the industry weren't consulted, and that parents were told first, through the media, about the discounts they'd receive.
Providers have seen what's been made public, but haven't been told any details from the province. For example, it's unclear to providers whether the program will be tied to inflation, and if there will be caps on fees.
"It's not feasible for us. I can't run the risk of not being able to pay my lease and wages," Worms said.
Some only received their contracts Monday morning, but parents have been told already that they can search an online map for providers offering reduced fees.
"It's been challenging for us to answer questions to our families," Worms told CTV News.
Parents were also told that they could start seeing discounts as early as April 1, meaning child care providers would have only eight days to make a decision.
However, Worms said she's heard most operators are going to wait until there's more information on wages and other details. The BCCCOA said the "rushed" deadline prevents child care operators from seeking legal review and advice.
"We're expected to reduce rates by April 1. The administrative side of that is massive, and most of us are on spring break," Worms said.
While parents were told by the province they could start seeing discounts as early as April 1, many daycares are choosing to wait until at least May to make the decision, Worms said. Once they do, only the province can approve fee hikes.
A fact sheet issued to providers says those participating will receive funding depending on type of care and age of children. For example, for every space for group care of infants or toddlers, providers would get $350 per month. For children aged three to five, providers of group daycare would receive $100 per month per space.
Individuals do not have to enroll or apply in order to receive the benefit, a fact sheet for parents said. Instead, the savings will be passed down through child care providers that have already opted in to the program.
The ministers responsible weren't available for interviews. Staff pointed CTV to the fact sheets online, and parents with questions can call the government hotline.
With a report from CTV Vancouver's Bhinder Sajan
2:13
Michael Bennett on Colin Kaepernick: "There is no logical reason" why QB remains unemployed
Jonathan Cheban, aka Foodgod, stopped by Cool Mess on the Upper East Side to create a batch of custom ice cream. The concoction, which included the kids cereal Fruity Pebbles, might not make everyone say, "Yabba dabba doo!"
4:23
Jonathan 'FoodGod' Cheban eats a pig's head
“I'm gonna eat a pig's head right now, bro!” Jonathan Cheban, aka 'Foodgod', bragged to a friend on their way to The Cannibal in New York's NoMad neighborhood. The BFF to Kim Kardashian isn't afraid to take culinary risks, like feasting on a pig's cheek, tongue and crispy ears. “It's an Instagram moment,” they told owner Christian Pappanicholas, after finishing off the meaty dish. The Cannibal sells a whopping 60 to 70 pig heads a week.
What started out as a lighthearted interaction turned into something that left one driver inspired and two hitchhikers with a little more money in their pockets, even if they weren't any closer to their final destination.
Dwayne Gaulding was in Troutman, N.C., last week on their way to Virginia. That's where the former NASCAR team owner crossed paths with a pair of hitchhikers.
One of the hitchhikers was carrying a sign that read "77 South," while the other was holding a ukulele. Gaulding, the father of NASCAR Monster Energy Cup Series driver Gray Gaulding, stopped to "have a little fun with these guys," they wrote on social media.
Gaulding documented the interaction with a video, which they shared on Facebook.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"Got a couple of guys here laughing, having a good time," Gaulding said to the camera while talking to the hitchhikers, who told them they were from Georgia, originally, but were looking to get to Greenville. "You've got a sign that says 77 South. I'm headed north, to Virginia, so I'm no help to you guys."
While the hitchhiker with the ukelele was about to move along on what was clearly a bright, hot day, Gaulding offered a counterproposal.
"But, I don't know if y'all know a little 'Wagon Wheel?' If you play a little 'Wagon Wheel,' I might be able to help you with a little ... money."
On Facebook, Gaulding said that "Wagon Wheel" is their father's favorite song. So when these two disheveled, sweaty hitchhikers delivered a melodic and sweet rendition just for Gaulding, they were more than pleasantly surprised.
"Trust me they killed it!" Gaulding wrote.
They did more than offer the hitchhikers praise. They gave them some money for the roadside performance.
"Best 20$ I have spent in a long time!" Gaulding posted, adding a request for their followers. "Share this so these guys can inspire more people!"
As of Tuesday evening, the video had been viewed more than 36,000 times, while garnering thousands more shares, reactions and comments.
"With all the things going on in today's world, it's like give somebody a helping hand and good things will come back to you," Gaulding said of meeting the hitchhikers, according to wcnc.com. “Just be kind to people, show your love in your heart and good things go a long way."
Subscribe to read: Financial Times Maxus CEO Lindsay Pattison on Ian McEwan and ‘Big Little Lies'
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Thursday wasn't just the last day of school for kids, it was also the last day for the leader of Clark County Schools.
Thursday wasn't just the last day of school for kids, it was also the last day for the leader of Clark County Schools.
Superintendent Pat Skorkowsky announced plans to retire, last fall. This month, the school board named their replacement.
While students ran out the doors to freedom, it was a much more quiet moment for Skorkowsky.
“It's an emotional day, it's an emotional day,” they said. After five years as superintendent and 30 all together in the district, they said they are satisfied with the impact he's made.
“I'm most proud of the graduation rate,” Skorkowsky said. “It's gone from 60 percent to 83 percent. Our magnet schools expanded over 10,000 seats, so that students have a better opportunity for choice in our district.”
But the school district faced a $60 million budget shortfall. Skorkowsky said the new superintendent, Dr. Jesus Jara, and school board must prepare to meet with lawmakers.
“That 2019 legislative session will be pivotal for education,” they said.
Skorkowsky said they want state leaders to rethink how marijuana money is distributed.
“I think it needs to be about education for students in the county where it was created,” they said. “If you look at other counties across the state, they are not going to have dispensaries. They are not going to be growers. I really question if they should have the benefit of these dollars, since we are the ones dealing with the challenges and issues of it here in Clark County.”
They said all of those conversations need to include parent groups and teachers' unions. Some of the biggest issues the school board faced this year surrounded funding for educational programs and teacher pay.
Skorkowsky also talked about school safety, following the shooting at Santa Fe High School that left 10 people dead.
"We've put in new doorways, so there's a single point of entry, and we know who is coming in and out,” they said. “It's not in every school yet, so we need to make that happen. We need, as students have told me, more mental health professionals on our campuses to be able to get to students, recognize the issue before it becomes an issue."
Overall, Skorkowsky said the district has made improvements.
"We did that during extreme times of crisis,” they said. “And we kept pushing the envelope with student achievement and we kept the focus on students. And I hope we're able to continue that long past my time here in the district.”
They had some advice for incoming superintendent, Dr. Jesus Jara. “Get to know your community, get to know the people you work with and make sure you are listening to those concerns.”
Skorkowsky said they and Jara will work together for a couple of weeks. Skorkowsky said they haven't decided what they want to do next.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
By Abby Hassler
Beyoncé and Jay-Z rule the musical world and are one the most famous couples on earth. Though the two have collaborated on multiple tracks, you've never heard them together quite like this.
Related: Beyoncé in Labor?
A 19-year-old producer, Amorphous, created a project they call Bey-Z, which takes instrumentals from Jay-Z's musical catalog and infuses them with Beyoncé's killer vocals. The results are magical.
“I was playing one of Jay's tracks in the car,” Aamorphous told Complex, “and I started to sing ‘Formation' over the beat. I immediately rushed home as I knew that I had something interesting on my hands and got to working. I completed it in several minutes, adding some small production elements of my own… I [tried] to find songs that worked together lyrically in some aspects but truly complimented each other.”
Listen to a preview of “Bey-Z” below and check out the whole thing on Bandcamp.
Dubai
An estimated $2.2 billion (Dh8.1 billion) worth of projects moved into construction mode in Dubai during December. That pushed the project tally for the full year to 2,508, according to BNC Construction Analytics. Some of Dubai's current multi-billion dollar projects include Dubai Metro Red Line Extension, part of the Expo 2020 initiative; Container Terminal 4 of the Jebel Ali Port Expansion project and the Royal Atlantis Resort and Residences located on the Palm. The announcement of the ‘Dubai Harbour' in January will see the construction of a waterfront development spanning more than 20 million square feet. This year, BNC estimates 4,000 active projects for an estimated value of $313.6 billion. This includes those in the concept, design, tender, under construction and on-hold phases.
For information on the real estate sector, within the UAE, please visit our sister site, GNProperty.com.
by
State Sen. Tim Knopp, R-Central Oregon, and state Rep. Knute Buehler, R-Bend, announced today they are declining the governor's unilaterally directed 2.75 percent legislative salary increase.
On April 9, 2017 in Trenton, New Jersey, Chanzie Washington allegedly led cops on a car chase and then ran on foot. When the police caught him, Washington was brought to the ground, and was then punched several times by three different police officers: Drew Inman, Antony Villanueva and Mark Kieffer III. Inman and Kieffer III are white and Villanueva is Hispanic.
One part of the video shows Inman punching the suspect before bragging to the person recording the video, saying, “I beat the living sh*t”– they stop when the other officer points to their body camera.
See the graphic footage below:
According to Trentonian, the Trenton Police Department is setting up the Hispanic cop, Officer Anthony Villanueva, “as the sole fall guy” and “Villanueva was placed on restricted duty within a week, but Inman remained on the streets for more than a month before being placed on restriction.” As of last month, Villanueva was suspended without pay. Inman is still on restricted duty and Kieffer III is on the streets. An anonymous cop from the department told Trentonian that the police department is “painting Anthony as the villain.”
Villanueva has hired an attorney who said, “I've already made plans to defend them on these charges, but there's no sense putting on my battle gear before the battle starts. I believe that if my client gets a fair hearing they won't be charged.”
Sounds like Villanueva was under the misconception that police solidarity may is the same if you are a person of color.
SEE ALSO:
Marielle Franco, Radical Black Female Politician, Executed In Brazil
Megachurch Pastor Says Believing Jesus Is The Only Way To Heaven Is ‘Insanity'
Condolences to the family of Mr. Robert Godwin Sr. May God be with you in your time of grief. 😥😥 Cleveland 19 News pic.twitter.com/0TKsVTKord — Romona Robinson (@romonarobinson) April 17, 2017
The family of Robert Godwin Sr., the 74-year-old man whose murder was recorded and posted to Facebook, says that Godwin was a “good man.” Police believe that Godwin was killed by Steve “Stevie Steve” Stephens in Cleveland on Easter Sunday.
Robert Godwin Jr., told WOIO-TV, “This man right here was a good man. I just hate that he's gone.”
“I don't know what I'm going to do. It's not real,” they added.
I just spoke with a man and woman who said the man killed in the FB live video was their 78 year old father @cleveland19news pic.twitter.com/Gpf3EUafLM — Shanice (@ShaniceDunning) April 16, 2017
According to Cleveland.com, Godwin Jr. also said they last saw their father Sunday morning when they came by to pick up basketball equipment for one of their other sons.
“He hugged my wife and me and said, ‘I'll see you guys next time,'” Godwin Jr. said. “I said ‘OK, enjoy your Easter.'”
“I just want them caught … because they can do it to somebody else,” they added.
Godwin, a retired foundry worker, is survived by ten children, 14 grandchildren and many great-grandchildren.
HELLOBEAUTIFUL previously reported that Stephens told their mother they went on a rampage because they were angry with their ex-girlfriend Joy Lane. Stephens also claims they murdered multiple people, but police have not found any more victims. Stephens uploaded video of the Godwin murder to Facebook around 2pm on Sunday.
Facebook eventually took it down after receiving several reports about the post.
Actual photo of Steve Stephens, homicide suspect's, actual vehicle. Please call 9-1-1 if seen. Plate not yet available. pic.twitter.com/hn8a8nQEAP — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 16, 2017
Investigators said the killing appeared to be random and Godwin Sr.'s son confirms that they did not know Stephens or Joy Lane, Cleveland.com noted. Police are currently still searching for Stephens in as up to five states after Stephen's cellphone released a ping in Erie, Pennsylvania, 100 miles away from the murder scene.
Our hearts go out to the Godwin family for their tragic loss.
You can help Godwin's family by donating to their GoFundMe, here.
SOURCE: WOIO-TV; Cleveland.Com
RELATED NEWS:
Manhunt For Facebook Killer Widens To 5 States
What We Know: Murder-Suicide At San Bernardino School Leaves 3 Dead
Trump Fan Who Attacked Black Woman Blames #45 For ‘Urging' Him On
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails Pause
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
4:54 Bulked-up Felix Hernandez arrives at spring training, feels great
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Robert E. Phillips, 73, of Harrodsburg, husband of Patricia Faye Smith Phillips, died Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, at their home.
Born Oct. 4, 1943, in Lincoln Co., they were the son of the late Joe Mack and Mattie Pearl (Hale) Phillips.
They were the retired owner of Rob's Car Care, an Army veteran of the Vietnam War, and was a member of the Harrodsburg United Methodist Church.
Actor Johnny Depp sure knows how to play to the crowd.
Depp, in Vancouver to film their new movie Richard Says Goodbye , said hello to numerous kids at B.C. Children's Hospital on Monday dressed up as Captain Jack Sparrow, the character they play in the Pirates of the Caribbean films.
They were reportedly there for a number of hours, going from room to room in their pirate paraphernalia and brightening the day for the pint-sized patients.
"He was never Johnny Depp, they were always Jack Sparrow," a hospital employee told Global BC.
#JohnnyDepp at the British Columbia Children's Hospital in Vancouver. ðï¸ (via IG katgootmusic) pic.twitter.com/5fqkUj7STq — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
Some pictures of this beautiful man making kids happy ðð pic.twitter.com/Vf8RaENYsg — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
#JohnnyDepp is the sweetest person in the world ð I'm really proud of them ðð pic.twitter.com/2acOfYxyet — Johnny Depp Pics (@JDeppPics) August 15, 2017
And this isn't the only time of late that Depp dropped into a local institution and greeted their fans. They were at Vancouver's Blackbird Public House on July 25, where their latest project was being filmed, and mingled with several excited Vancouverites.
mraptis@postmedia.com
twitter.com/mike_raptis
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015, claiming they were fired after false allegations that they groped the singer at an event in 2013. Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery.
“Taylor Swift did not act improperly,” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver, according to the New York Times. Martínez said Mueller offered, “insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when they reported an assault they truly believed happened.”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case, the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants, Swift's mother, Andrew Swift, and Frank Bell (one of Swift's managers). Swift's countersuit will also continue.
Closing arguments are expected today.
In this July 19, 2016, file photo Australia's Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce takes the oath of office as they are sworn in at Government House in Canberra, Australia. Joyce, on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, became the latest lawmaker to reveal they might have breached a constitutional prohibition on dual citizens becoming lawmakers, after they were advised by the New Zealand government that they might be a kiwi. Rob Griffith, File AP Photo
Lagos—Vodacom Business Nigeria's Senior Manager for Product Development, Funke Atanda at this year's Girls in ICT Day in Nigeria said that Vodacom was committed to accelerating the change needed to create relevant opportunities for women through the use of ICT.
By supporting ICT skills acquisition for young girls, bringing them into our organizations and opening their minds to new technologies that exist and continue to develop, Atanda said that Vodacom was able to encourage more girls to choose courses in the ICT sector.
According to Atanda, this would help increase the number of women in the ICT sector in the near future, Atanda added.
“Initiatives like the ITU Girls in ICT Day would go a long way towards encouraging this change, thus strengthening the sector while continuing to improve social and economic progression in the country.”, Atanda further explained.
Meanwhile, in fulfilling its mandate to encourage gender equality in the Information and Communication Technology, ICT, sector, Vodacom Business Nigeria had organized a one day industrial visit for female students from Grace High School, Gbagada and Lagoon Secondary School, Lekki as part of planned activities for the celebration of the recently concluded 7th Edition of the International Girls in ICT Day.
Female students from the schools participated at the celebration where they won the Coding and STEM quiz competitions, respectively.
The International Girls in ICT Day Celebration was organized by e-Business Life Communication Limited, publishers of e-Business Life Magazine.
The was part of a global campaign that seeks to encourage young girls to consider ICT as a profession and to contribute their quota to the growth of the industry in Nigeria while also actualizing self-development.
International Girls' in ICT Day is an initiative launched through the Information Technology University (ITU) with the idea of creating a global environment that will empower and encourage girls and young women to consider careers in the ICT field.
By providing donations, training and support to ICT driven programs, Vodacom Business Nigeria is accelerating the removal of barriers for girls and women in the ICT industry.
In fulfilment of goal five of its Sustainable Development Goals, Vodacom Business has created various empowerment programs such as the Women in Leadership Programme aimed at creating leadership and personal capacity in women across all employee levels; the #ConnectedSheCan campaign, a socially driven campaign aimed at celebrating the accomplishments of women within the Vodacom Business Nigeria workforce; and the youth empowerment program, the ‘Power to You' project under the umbrella of which the Girls in ICT Day is activated, to enable both girls and technology companies to reap the benefits of greater female participation in the ICT sector.
What started as casual conversation during a recent outing turned very interesting as we drove by the St. Augustine Carousel. A friend riding with me commented they had a phobia about grimacing horse faces and as a child, it bothered them immensely. My buddy hangs steel beams high off the ground for a living, so I found it rather ironic the sight of old wooden horses on a carousel would spook him.
I decided to do a little research on this type of phobia so I later returned to the carousel to photograph these fast and furious beasts that go round and round. Similar to coulrophobia, a fear of clowns, many features of these horse faces are exaggerated as they express energy and excitement from running fast.
Between their gaping mouths, wild eyes and facial anxiety, it's understandable how some children might react negatively to them. When the carousel comes to a stop those still frozen expressions can become even more disturbing.
See Also
The good news is that while some of the horses don't sport the friendly face of Mr. Ed some of us grew up with, others on the carousel do. So if you're feeling like you suffer from “horsefacephobia” (my made up word) fear not, there are some smiley horses on the carousel you can saddle up on!
Send comments or questions for Shorelines contributor Craig O'Neal to craigoneal@gmail.com, or see more of their work atcraigonealphotography.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United has reportedly angered Cristiano Ronaldo with their efforts to sign him.
According to Don Balon , United have held talks with the 33-year-old's representatives.
The Spanish publication claim Ronaldo is angered at the lack of interest their former club appear to have towards bringing them back to the Premier League giants.
Ronaldo apologised to Real Madrid after casting doubt over their future following the UEFA Champions League final on Saturday night.
The Portuguese said: “Now it's time to enjoy this. In the next few days I'll give the fans, who have been by my side, an answer. It's been great being at Real Madrid”.
When asked if this was “goodbye,” Ronaldo replied: “I'll speak in the next few days. Now it's time to enjoy the moment. The future of any player isn't important. We've made history”.
In another interview with Spanish media, Ronaldo said: “My problem goes back a long way. It's not about money. Something will happen and in a week I will say something to the fans.”
But later, in the mixed zone, Ronaldo offered somewhat more humility.
"It takes away from a beautiful, historic moment for us that is winning three Champions Leagues in a row, obviously it is a special moment," they told Fox Sports .
"It's always great to win the Champions League because I know how important that competition is, I have had a great Champions League from start to finish so I'm very happy.
"A player's personal things aren't the most important thing now, it might have been taken out of context but maybe I shouldn't have said what I said."
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Macquarie to complete £1.5bn sale of stake in Thames Water
How to take full advantage and benefit from the last part of Ramadan? Though all parts of Ramadan are full of…
Fatihu Beita No comments
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
TALLAHASSEE (CBSMiami/NEWS SERVICE OF FLORIDA) – The Florida Supreme Court is poised next week to take up a case that poses a question for the age of social media: What does it mean to be a Facebook friend?
Justices will hear arguments about whether a Miami-Dade County circuit judge should be disqualified from a case because they are a Facebook friend with a lawyer for one of the parties. The outcome could have reverberations in courthouses across the state, as justices weigh whether a Facebook friendship poses the potential for bias.
The underlying case stems from a dispute between the Herssein Law Group and a former client, United States Automobile Association, about attorney fees and alleged fraud and breach of contract. The law firm sought the disqualification of Circuit Judge Beatrice Butchko because they were a Facebook friend with attorney Israel Reyes, who was hired to represent a company official in the case.
Butchko refused to step aside, leading the Herssein Law Group to take the issue to the 3rd District Court of Appeal. That court rejected the request to disqualify the circuit judge, concluding that “a `friend' on a social networking website is not necessarily a friend in the traditional sense of the word.”
“To be sure, some of a member's Facebook `friends' are undoubtedly friends in the classic sense of person for whom the member feels particular affection and loyalty,” the appeals court decision said. “The point is, however, many are not. A random name drawn from a list of Facebook `friends' probably belongs to casual friend; an acquaintance; an old classmate; a person with whom the member shares a common hobby; a `friend of a friend;' or even a local celebrity like a coach. An assumption that all Facebook `friends' rise to the level of a close relationship that warrants disqualification simply does not reflect the current nature of this type of electronic social networking.”
But the Herssein Law Group, in a brief filed with the Supreme Court, said a judge who is a Facebook friend with a lawyer appearing before the judge violates part of a judicial code of conduct, “by presenting the appearance of impropriety, particularly where opposing counsel is not similarly sharing the same ‘special position' or status of being a Facebook ‘friend' of the trial judge.”
“Facebook friends have the ability to electronically share virtually anything from the intensely personal to the comically benign,” said the law firm's brief, filed in January. “Facebook allows ‘friends' to communicate, view, access, and comment on specific personal information that ‘non-Facebook-friends' cannot view or see. Because petitioners' (the Herssein Law Firm) and their lawyers do not enjoy the same ‘special position,' Reyes has, of being a Facebook ‘friend' of the trial judge, they are not able to freely access, view, comment, and share the same materials as Reyes. Thus, they do not enjoy a commensurate level of intimacy with the trial judge as Reyes does. It is this inclusion of Reyes and exclusion of petitioners in Judge Butchko's inner circle and nonpublic forum that gives rise to the appearance of impropriety.”
But in response, lawyers for United States Automobile Association filed a brief that echoed the appeals court's view of what a Facebook friendship means — or doesn't mean.
“The Third District properly held that Facebook friendship, without more, does not convey the impression that the Facebook friend is in a special position to influence the judge,” the brief said. “As the Third District explained, “a Facebook friendship does not necessarily signify the existence of a close relationship,” … and it is therefore unreasonable for a litigant to believe they cannot obtain a fair trial before a judge who is Facebook ‘friends' with counsel. The court's observation that ‘a ‘friend' on a social networking website is not necessarily a friend in the traditional sense of the word' hits the nail on the head and demonstrates why petitioners' purported fear of not receiving a fair trial is unreasonable.”
The Supreme Court decided in December to take up the case and is scheduled to hear arguments June 7.
“The News Service of Florida'sJim Saunders contributed to this report.”
The US state of Connecticut has issued a request for proposal for offshore wind projects capable of delivering up to 825,000 megawatt-hours of electricity a year.
The projects, which are expected to total about 200MW, must start delivering electricity between 1 July 2019 and 31 December 2025.
Related Stories NJ jumpstarts offshore era
31 Jan 2018
New England makes green choice
26 Oct 2016 They should be located in New England or an adjacent control area, including federal waters, according to the RFP document. Projects including energy storage will also be considered.
The Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection will host a' conference for bidders on 20 February at its office in Hartford starting at 9.30am local time.
The conference will give potential bidders the opportunity to ask questions about the RFP.
The RFP is open until midday local time on 2 April.
Image: Deepwater Wind
PARIS - Detained Egyptian photojournalist Mahmoud Abu Zeid, widely known as Shawkan, will be awarded UNESCO's World Press Freedom Prize, the United Nations' cultural body said Monday.
Shawkan was arrested in August 2013 as they covered deadly clashes in Cairo between security forces and supporters of ousted Islamist president Mohamed Morsi.
 They are one of 700 defendants facing charges of killing police and vandalising property during the clashes.
"The choice of Mahmoud Abu Zeid pays tribute to their courage, resistance and commitment to freedom of expression," said Maria Ressa, head of the UNESCO jury which is awarding the prize.
Egypt's foreign affairs ministry on Sunday voiced its "profound regret that an organisation with the status of UNESCO would honour a person accused of terrorist and criminal acts".
Several hundred people, including three journalists, were killed during the security forces' bloody dispersal of a pro-Morsi sit-in after the military ousted the Islamist in 2013.
Egypt's first democratically elected president had taken office in 2012 but faced mass protests a year into their controversial rule.
Press freedom group Reporters without Borders (RSF) ranks Egypt 161st out of 180 countries on its press freedom index, saying at least 31 journalists are currently detained in the North African country.
It slammed a decision by the Egyptian prosecution in March to seek the death penalty against Shawkan.
UNESCO said it will officially award its prize to Shawkan on May 2, to mark World Press Freedom Day.
Fire has destroyed a home in south Nevada County. Consolidated Fire Batallion Chief Steve Smith says it happened early Tuesday morning on Holcomb Drive, which is off Lime Kiln Drive…
click to listen to Steve Smith
But Smith says the occupants were not home at the time and were on vacation. There is no preliminary indication of the source of the blaze…
click to listen to Steve Smith
There were no injuries. It took about four hours to mop up the fire.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Restaurant diners are usually there for a nice, peaceful meal - so we can't imagine many would be best pleased if a child decided to hit them with a balloon while they ate.
But one mum could not believe the incredible response of a man who had exactly that treatment from their two-year-old son.
The incident, which is making headlines across the country, unfolded as they ate a meal at a chain of Frankie and Benny's, which also operates sites in Birmingham.
Rather than complaining about their child's behaviour - the mystery man paid for their entire meal.
Lisa, from Cardiff, was with their partner Phillip and their two young children at the restaurant on Monday when a waiter gave the couple's son Luca a balloon and colouring books to play with.
But while waiting for their food to arrive, Luca hit the gentleman sitting next to them on the head with the balloon, Wales Online reports.
The family apologised and asked to be moved to another table so the man could eat their dinner in peace.
But when they went to pay, Lisa was shocked to find they had paid their bill and for them to have extra ice cream.
“I couldn't believe it,” they said.
“Me and my boyfriend both had tears in our eyes, it was such a kind thing to do.
(Image: Trinity Mirror)
“I think [Luca] was getting restless because it was quite busy when we went.
“The waiter gave them a balloon to keep them busy but they started waving it around and was hitting a gentleman on the head, so I asked if we could move tables because I wanted the man to be able to eat in peace.
“He responded saying ‘no, it's fine' and was talking to us, but we moved anyway out of respect.”
The family had each eaten two courses, with Luca enjoying spaghetti and meatballs, and the bill had come to around £70.
Lisa said that when they had finished their food they asked for the bill and the waiter came over with a huge smile on them face.
“She came over and said they were excited to tell us because it had never happened in there before.
“She said the gentleman had paid the entire bill and for extra ice cream.
(Image: Wales Online)
“I know there's a slim chance of finding him, but I would love to repay them and buy them a meal.”
Lisa added: “Going out with the children can be stressful sometimes. It's really nice that rather than getting annoyed about it they did that.
“I still can't believe it, I've told all of my friends and family.
“It just goes to show there are some lovely people out there.”
Had Guyana got the lower end of a reasonable contract, we would have been much better off– Nigel Hinds
You found out that your backyard has gold. Someone comes along and tells you they can dig up your gold. So you sign a contract with them that stipulates you are only entitled to 10 percent of your own gold. The gold digger finds 10,000 bars of gold, therefore according to the provisions of the contract, you can only get 1,000 bars of gold while the contractor gets 9000 bars.
That illustration was used by Chartered Accountant, Nigel Hinds, as they explained the situation that Guyana has found itself in, following the signing of the 2016 Production Sharing Agreement (PSA).
The Accountant thinks that the contract is the worst Guyana could have gotten. They opined that only a visionless individual could have signed such a contract on Guyana's behalf. However, Hinds said that of all the “insulting” provisions in the agreement, the two percent is about the worst.
Because of the magnitude of the find, Hinds articulated that it is almost impossible for Guyana to end up totally broke unless there is gross mismanagement coupled with the incompetence that was displayed with the signing of the contract.
They said, “We would have been much better off with a good contract but we would still do well as is because of the value of the find and the probability that the find will quadruple. But the point is we are not going to be getting what we deserve.”
Hinds said that with the discovered wealth, Guyana could have become a country where the citizens enjoy a standard of living comparable with that enjoyed by those living in the first world countries. “We could have become the Kuwait of the Caribbean.”
Hinds said that royalty is the best way to secure the wealth. “They cannot fudge the royalty. Well I shouldn't say they cannot fudge it because these oil companies are masters of the game. But it is hard to fudge royalty because it is off the top. If we could have just gotten a five percent royalty at minimum, we would have been much better off.”
Hinds said that in their research, they came across the average royalty rate ranging from five to 15, “even if you put us at lowest, five percent, we would have been better off.”
Hinds said that with a higher royalty, even with all the other horrible provisions in the contract, Guyana would have gotten a better share.
They noted that there is an intention to produce approximately 120,000 barrels of oil per day. Hinds said that the current market price for oil is US$65 per barrel. They said that if the projected production figure (120,000 barrels per day) is multiplied by the intended price for barrel which is US$65 and is further multiplied by 360 days per year (giving five days) then the yearly revenue will be about US$2.8B.
Guyana's two percent share of that will be US$56M. “Now if the royalty was five percent, which is the minimum we should have ever accepted, our share on royalty alone would have been US$140M. That is transformative; this one year money can carry GuySuCo for 28 months. It can do so many things and this is just limited to the find so far.”
Hinds noted that ExxonMobil has made six discoveries offshore Guyana and associated recoverable reserves are now up to 3.2 billion barrels. They said, “Imagine if that find quadruples, look how much Guyana will lose.”
Hinds said that the top oil producing countries in the world are generally the richest countries. They created a chart that considered the find and the country's population and said that puts Guyana among the top oil rich countries in the world. “Guyana falls at eight so we can see ourselves as one of the countries that should have the highest standard of living by post 2020.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A biker was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving – after crashing their machine into the back of a police car .
Officers said they were then found to have been almost three-times over the limit when they were breath-tested at a police station.
The Central Motorway Police Group tweeted that they collided with the back of a marked BMW X5.
It happened in Birmingham Road, Great Barr , at around 1.35am.
The tweet said: “Male arrested for drink drive after riding their motorcycle into the rear of one of our marked BMW X5's.
“Blew 97 at station.”
The legal limit for driving is 35 micrograms of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath.
Buying a home is the biggest investment you are likely to make in your lifetime. It is prudent to be prepared for the changes that it will bring.
After your lender tells you what you can qualify for, make certain that you are comfortable with what the monthly budget feels like. While you are looking for a home, live as if you are already servicing that mortgage, including property taxes, insurance, utilities and maintenance.
After you've tried out the payment, make sure it isn't too much of a burden. The bank ratios for loan qualifying are much more realistic than they were, and home buyers have less of an opportunity to get themselves into trouble. I'm suggesting that you take the time to make sure that your new living situation as an owner of property isn't going to untenably change your lifestyle.
It's also a good idea to have $5,000 to $10,000 on reserve in your budget at all times for any repairs that can come up during home ownership, such as a water heater going out, sewer line fixes or unexpected roof work.
With your new budget, do you have to give up those cocktails at the El Encanto? Does the term “stay-cation” give you hives? (Side note: If it does while you're living in Santa Barbara, then perhaps you're a bit spoiled, but that's another discussion.)
If you do start to feel a bit pressed in your budget trial, think about buying a less expensive house, maybe not taking on that fixer that requires a lot of cash to make livable or opting for a condo. Santa Barbara is a great place to own any kind of real estate, and almost 70 percent of our business is locals moving around trying out different neighborhoods, moving up or downsizing.
Your first purchase isn't likely to be your last. Find a partner in a local Realtor to make your dreams a realistic destination.
— Laurel Abbott is a real estate agent with Prudential California Realty and president of the Santa Barbara Association of Realtors. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.879.8050. The opinions expressed are them own.
Sridevi's Death Was All Over The Media
As per a daily, in their speech of over one hour, Mr. Thackeray asked the media as to whether they are afraid of doing an investigative report on the Rafale deal. "Journalists, editors are being sacked for speaking against the government. Sridevi's death was all over the media for many days. But did any news channel run a single story on the death of Judge Loya? Why? Wasn't it suspicious enough for them?"
Why Sridevi Was Wrapped In Tri-colour?
"Nirav Modi was the talk of the town, and then the issue of Sridevi came in. This was brought to change the issue. When a person like Sridevi dies, you wrap them in Tri-colour and you say you did that because they were a Padma Shri.''
They Are A Good Actor But..
"Sridevi was a great actor, but what had they done for the country so that their body should have been wrapped in the tricolour? It was said that Sridevi died by drowning in the bath-tub as they consumed too much of liquor."
It Was To Divert People's Attention
''Media may have covered their funeral extensively at government's behest to divert people's attention from the Nirav Modi-Punjab National Bank scam. The government is trying to control media, judiciary and institutions like CBI.''
They Also Slammed Akshay Kumar
''Films like Toilet Ek Prem Katha and Padman were a covert propaganda for government schemes. Akshay, who starred in both the films, is trying to follow the footsteps of Manoj Kumar (also known as Bharat Kumar). But Akshay Kumar is not even an Indian citizen. They hold a Canadian passport and their Wikipedia profile describes them as Indian-born Canadian actor.''
Andrew Holland died while in custody at San Luis Obispo County Jail in 2017, after being restrained for 46 hours. This is a look at the events that led to their death, the county's response and the inmates who have died in custody since Holland.
Dallas Stars left wing Antonie Roussel (21) skates off the ice with linesman Brian Mach (78) after receiving a cut on a high-stick call on the Minnesota Wild during the first period of an NHL hockey game Thursday, March 29, 2018, in St. Paul, Minn. The Wild defeated the Stars 5-2. (AP Photo/Andy Clayton-King)
The Dallas Stars have six unrestricted free agents that played in games during the 2017-18 season. They are...
-- Goalie Kari Lehtonen
-- Defenseman Dan Hamhuis
-- Defenseman Greg Pateryn
-- Left winger Antoine Roussel
-- Left winger Curtis McKenzie
-- Goalie Mike McKenna
Today we'll be voting on whether you want the Stars to keep Antoine Roussel or let them leave in free agency. Here's a quick breakdown of their most recent season, as well as their total time in Dallas.
[Scroll to the bottom to cast your vote!]
Antoine Roussel
2017 stats:
73 games played | 17 points [5 goals, 12 assists] | Plus-1
104 hits | 126 penalty minutes | 12:26 average time on the ice
2017 cap hit:
$2 million [Part of a four-year, $8 million deal starting in 2014]
Stats with Dallas (6 seasons):
413 games played | 141 points [64 goals, 77 assists] | Minus-5
632 hits | 806 penalty minutes | 13:27 average time on the ice
Playoff stats with Dallas:
19 games played | 5 points [2 goals, 3 assists] | Plus-3
38 hits | 43 penalty minutes | 14:00 average time on the ice
Notable stats
-- 42.5 percent. That's how many of their shifts started in Dallas' defensive zone of the ice.
Only three other Stars started more of their shifts in the defensive zone during the season. Two of those players were Roussel's linemates for a good chunk of the season [Radek Faksa at 32.9 percent, Tyler Pitlick at 36.3 percent]. The other was Martin Hanzal at 33.6 percent.
-- For all of the penalty minutes they racked up this season, they were third in the NHL trailing only Washington's Tom Wilson [187] and Florida's Michael Haley [212], they drew as many penalties as they took [34 a piece].
To compare, Alexander Radulov was the worst of any forward on the roster taking eight more than they drew. Remi Elie was the exact opposite leading the team with eight more penalties drawn than they took this season.
-- The penalties make sense for Roussel being the in-your-face agitator that they are. According to hockeyfights.com they fought six times this season upping their grand total with the Stars to 52. That puts them in a tie for fourth in team history with Brenden Morrow, according to the site.
Only Grant Marshall (55), Krys Barch (84) and Steve Ott (86) have more.
Recent chatter from Mike Heika
"A lot [of their future with Dallas] will have to do with the new coach. Roussel is a useful player who can do a lot of good things. They led the Stars in SAT at plus-130 in 2016-17 and had four seasons of double-digit goals before this past season. They also are a fan favorite. The guess is they will study free agency, and that offers might be low. At that time, the Stars might consider bringing them back near or below their cap hit from last season. But with Tyler Pitlick under contract for $1 million, the Stars might be looking at a different price target for depth forwards now."
===Read more here===
Notable free agent LWs
Unrestricted free agents according to spotrac.com.
David Perron -- Vegas
Thomas Vanek -- Columbus
Evander Kane -- San Jose
James van Riemsdyk -- Toronto
James Neal -- Vegas
Patrick Maroon -- New Jersey
Rick Nash -- Boston
Scott Hartnell -- Nashville
Chris Kunitz -- Tampa Bay
Matt Calvert -- Columbus
Vote!
After looking over all of this information, what would you do with Antoine Roussel?
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Met Office is forecasting thundery showers in Birmingham today AND tomorrow.
At the time of writing, the agency has not nailed down a specific time for the torrid weather.
But forecasters have warned: "The odd thundery shower is possible in the south this afternoon, but most will stay dry."
Any early mist patches will soon clear to leave another fine and largely dry day, with plenty of warm sunshine.
The maximum temperature on Wednesday will be 25C.
After a fine and sunny evening it will be a dry, mild night with plenty of clear spells.
The odd mist or fog patchy may develop by dawn.
Thursday will be a mostly dry day with plenty of very warm sunshine once more.
The odd thundery shower is again possible in the south in the afternoon, but most will stay dry.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
As Birmingham basks in the hottest summer for 40 years, including scorching temperatures of 30C, people are using millions more litres of water every day.
Due to the high demand seen across the country, Severn Trent Water is pumping emergency water supplies into the network.
One suggestion is to make sure we shower for no more than four minutes.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Doug Clarke of Severn Trent said: "Demand for water is massively up thanks to several weeks of extremely hot weather.
"While we have lots of water available and our reservoir levels are healthy and we're putting millions of extra litres of water into the system, people are using water as fast as we can treat and pump it into supply.
"This is particularly the case during peak demand in the morning and evenings when we want to ask customers to restrict their supply so we can avoid areas of low pressure."
Days of hot, sunny weather are expected for some time with no end in sign to the heatwave and very little rainfall on the horizon.
Latest long-term forecasts predict the above-average temperatures to continue towards the middle of July with high pressure remaining in control.
It could get even hotter next week with the mercury predicted to surge upwards above 30C - even in the north of England and parts of Scotland.
The hot spell will be prolonged with the highest values in the south and west but most locations will enjoy blazing sunshine with barely any cloud.
However there may be outbreaks of rain in northern Scotland with the chance of some cloud as a succession of weak fronts pass by.
Long-range computer models indicate there will be little immediate respite from the stifling heat for most of Britain.
Temperatures overall are likely to remain several degrees above normal for the time of year, regularly hovering around 30C in the south, and there could be some very warm spells of weather.
However, there is still a risk that more changeable conditions from the Atlantic may force the heatwave to break down, but this seems unlikely at the moment.
The UK record temperature for the month is 36.7C registered at Heathrow on July 1, 2015.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Bookmakers have slashed the odds of records being broken.
Coral is offering 2/1 that the hottest-ever July temperature is recorded and 3/1 that the UK's hottest day is reached this year - eclipsing the 38.5C from back in 1976.
Ladbrokes is quoting just 4/6 that 35C is hit anywhere in the UK over the coming days.
Before then, scattered showers are possible in the south and far north-west​ as pressure builds towards the weekend​.
Forecaster Amy Hodgson, of The Weather Channel, said: “Weakening high pressure on Wednesday will allow for scattered showers to develop across the British Isles, although it will remain dry with partly cloudy skies for most.
“Showers will become more widespread over Britain on Thursday but still with plenty of sunny intervals.”
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — James Harden gave Houston quite the jump-start with 22 of the team's 50 points in the third quarter, as the Rockets cruised past the Minnesota Timberwolves 119-100 on Monday night to take a 3-1 lead in their first-round playoff series.
Chris Paul scored 15 of their 25 points in the near-record third for the Rockets, who turned a 50-49 halftime edge into a 31-point advantage after the torrid 12-minute span. The only team in the history of the NBA playoffs with more points in one quarter was the Los Angeles Lakers, who scored 51 points in the fourth on March 31, 1962, in a loss to the Detroit Pistons.
Clint Capela added 14 points and 17 rebounds, Eric Gordon finally got going with 18 points off the bench and the Rockets easily recovered from their rough start.
Karl-Anthony Towns had 22 points and 15 rebounds for the Timberwolves, who were dominated on both ends of the floor during the decisive third and missed 14 of 21 shots over several panicked possessions.
JAZZ 113, THUNDER 96
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Donovan Mitchell scored 33 points to lead the Jazz to a win over the Thunder.
Joe Ingles scored 20 points while Rudy Gobert added 16 points and 10 rebounds. Ricky Rubio chipped in 13 points, eight assists and six boards. Utah takes a 3-1 series lead back to Oklahoma City. Game 5 is on Wednesday night.
Paul George scored 32 points and Russell Westbrook added 23 points and 14 rebounds to lead the Thunder. Oklahoma City lost its third straight in the series after shooting just 39 percent from the field.
The Thunder opened up a 26-19 lead late in the first quarter when Carmelo Anthony capped a string of three straight Oklahoma City baskets with an alley-oop layup. They held onto the lead for much of the second quarter until Utah finally woke up on offense.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British model has spoken of their ordeal after allegedly being sedated, handcuffed and kidnapped by masked men while in Milan.
Italian police said Chloe Ayling was snatched by a group calling itself Black Death last month and is believed to have been drugged and transported in a bag to an isolated village near Turin, where they were held for six days as their captors tried to auction them online.
The 20-year-old said they were injected with ketamine after being lured to a fake modelling shoot in Milan before being bundled into the boot of a car and told they were going to be sold as a sex slave.
Ms Ayling, of Coulsdon, south London, has recalled their abduction calling it their "worst nightmare".
Speaking to the Mail on Sunday about the moment they were abducted, they said: "I didn't know what was in the syringe. I was panicking. I thought they were going to rob or rape me. I was terrified beyond words.
"They dragged me to the floor. I just gave up - I thought, "I'm not going to get out of here alive." I felt trapped, then everything went black."
When they regained consciousness, they were in the boot of a car with their feet and legs handcuffed with their clothes partly removed.
(Image: Instagram)
Them alleged kidnappers told them they had taken the "wrong woman" as they had a son - but that they would be auctioned off with bids starting at 300,000 dollars (£230,000).
They said: "That was too much to take in. I was in shock. That will always be the worst day of my life."
(Image: Instagram)
Ms Ayling was eventually taken to the British Consulate in Milan after the "horrific ordeal", but could not return home to London for almost three weeks.
Meanwhile, the chief suspect in the alleged kidnap has said they did not knowingly take part in any crime.
Lukasz Pawel Herba says their involvement stems from wanting to raise money to treat their leukaemia and that they were hired by a group of Romanians to rent properties around Europe to store garments they were selling, according to reports.
 They are also said to have told investigators they posed as a photographer and met Ms Ayling.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They said they were paid £500,000, found out the Romanians intended to kidnap her, and backed out of the plan.
MEDIA RELEASE
The search for the next chancellor of the University of Hawaiʻi at Hilo is now expected to be completed by the end of 2018, with the new leader in place in spring 2019. The initial goal of the search committee, formed in December 2017, was to have the new chancellor by fall 2018. The timeline encountered a setback with an unexpected delay in finalizing an agreement with a professional search firm, which is now projected to be placed by early summer.
“As the semester comes to a close, and in consultation with the search committee, we are backing off this aggressive schedule to ensure that the search firm is onboard and fully engaged in assisting us to identify the best possible candidates,” said UH President David Lassner.
Applications will continue to be accepted through the summer with the finalists conducting campus visits in fall 2018. This will ensure full campus participation before a selection is made. Lassner will receive input from the committee and campus and community stakeholders and will then present a recommendation to the Board of Regents. More information and a complete position description can be found on the UH Hilo Chancellor search website.
“As our search continues, I appreciate the leadership of Interim Chancellor Marcia Sakai during this current academic year,” said Lassner. “I will also be making a recommendation to the Board of Regents to continue their appointment as interim chancellor until the new chancellor begins.”
The 16-member search committee is comprised of faculty, staff, students and community members and is co-chaired by Farrah-Marie Gomes, UH Hilo vice chancellor for student affairs, and Vassilis Syrmos, UH System vice president for research and innovation.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Self-driving Uber kills pedestrian A self-driving Uber car hit and killed a woman in Arizona on Sunday night in what appears to be the first fatal accident involving an autonomous vehicle, according to reports....
Former cheerleading coach gets prison time for sex crimes A former cheerleading coach in Arizona accused of sexually abusing two girls has been sentenced to five years in prison. Yohel Gattaz, 23, was originally charged with aggravated assault, sexual...
Bride on way to wedding arrested for DUI after car crash Here comes the bride into the cop car. While en route to the altar Monday, Amber Young, 32, was arrested for reportedly causing a three-car crash in Marana, Arizona, according...
Jeff Flake: Trump needs a Republican opponent in 2020 WASHINGTON – President Trump should have a conservative challenger in 2020 who believes in free trade, limited government and economic freedom, said outgoing Republican Sen. Jeff Flake. “I do,” Flake...
Police say bones found at farm belong to a human BUCKEYE, Ariz. — Police in Buckeye say bones found at a farm have been confirmed as human. Authorities say they received a call Thursday morning from someone who spotted the...
Woman must pay for canceled eBay diamond ring sale: court PHOENIX — The Arizona Court of Appeals says a Phoenix woman must pay for backing out of an agreement to sell their diamond ring through eBay. Court documents say Julie...
Man arrested after ex's burned body found, their baby abandoned PHOENIX — Phoenix police say a 20-year-old man is accused of killing their ex-girlfriend, a young mother whose infant was found abandoned in a car seat by the side of...
Couple on the run from cops bolts straight into precinct parking lot PHOENIX — Two shoplifting suspects running from police scaled a fence to get away from officers and landed in a secure parking lot of a police station — and in...
GOPer stung by sex scandal loses bid to fill seat vacated over misconduct A GOP candidate – recently stung by an embarrassing sexting revelation – lost their bid Tuesday to win a congressional seat vacated by Rep. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.), who had been...
President: Michael D Higgins
Image copyright AFP Image caption Michael D Higgins is a poet and politician
Michael D Higgins, a veteran left-wing politician and human rights activist was elected president in 2011.
 They are a former Galway university lecturer and published poet who has dedicated their four-decade political career to championing Irish culture and left-wing causes worldwide.  They are an Irish speaker.
They also is one of Ireland's most instantly recognized politicians, in part because of their short stature and much-imitated high voice.
Mr Higgins has served as a member of both houses of parliament in the Labour Party at various times, and was minister of the arts in the 1990s.
The Irish president wields little power beyond the ability to refer potentially unconstitutional legislation to the Supreme Court, but has an important symbolic role in representing Ireland at the national and international level.
Prime Minister (Taoiseach): Leo Varadkar
Image copyright PAULO NUNES DOS SANTOS/AFP/Getty Images Image caption Leo Varadkar is Ireland's youngest prime minister
A doctor of part-Indian parentage, Leo Varadkar was elected leader of the centre-right Fine Gael party in June 2017, on the resignation of Enda Kenny. They succeeded Mr Kenny as head of a minority government later in the month.
They became a party activist while still at school, and served as a county councillor until being elected to parliament in 2007.
They were minister of transport, health and later social protection in Fine Gael governments in 2011-2017, and beat Simon Coveney to the party leadership when Mr Kenny stepped down after six years as prime minister.
Mr Varadkar, born in 1979, is Ireland's youngest prime minister, and is also the country's first openly gay party leader, not to mention the first of Indian heritage.
They have promised to "re-energise" the government, but is not expected to introduce any major changes in policy. Their main tasks will be to manage the implications for Ireland of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union.
Mr Kenny's tenure as prime minister saw the turnaround the economy after the 2008 banking crisis, and some liberalisation of the abortion laws.
How St. Charles native's tie got mixed up with Trump, Mexico
hello
Before becoming a confidante to former Mexican President Vincente Fox, St. Charles native Mark Vargas helped build an Iraqi chamber of commerce. courtesy of Mark Vargas
Mark Vargas gave their pink tie made by Donald Trump's company to Vincente Fox in preparation for several TV and newspaper interviews on Trump's comments about Mexico. Photo courtesy of Mark Vargas
St. Charles native Mark Vargas, right, and their pink tie, played a key role in a recent U.S. tour by former Mexican President Vincente Fox. courtesy of Mark Vargas
It was a moment for television news highlight reels. Just two months after using the strongest of expletives to tell the world Mexico would not pay for Donald Trump's wall, former Mexican President Vincente Fox appeared on CNN brandishing an equally inflammatory new wardrobe item.
"This is a Donald Trump tie," Fox told the interviewer. "And then you see here that it's made in China. So what is the integrity of this man? By importing ties from China they are not committed with their promise to U.S. workers that they will defend jobs."
The now infamous tie didn't belong to Fox. Just moments before the interview, it decorated the neck of St. Charles native Mark Vargas.
"I'm an American of Mexican decent, and I'm also a Republican," Vargas said. "It was serendipitous this election that I got connected with President Fox."
Fox's use of the tie inched Vargas toward a goal made as a student at Judson University in Elgin. Watching the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks they decided to stick their neck out in the name of service to their country.
They landed an internship with former U.S. Speaker of the House J. Dennis Hastert, followed by work on business person Ron Gidwitz' 2006 gubernatorial campaign. Then they moved to Washington, D.C., gambling that the $72 in their checking account wouldn't run out before their luck did. They scored a job interview at the Pentagon for a position that would involve spending most of their time in Iraq.
There was only one question during the interview: why did Vargas want the job? They gave a response he'd been thinking about ever since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
"I believe we're waging the battle of my generation in the Middle East, particularly in Iraq," Vargas said. "One day, I want to look back and say that I was a small link in bringing stability to a war-torn country."
Vargas got the job, and spent 2008 through 2010 helping create Iraq's version of a chamber of commerce.
Returning home, they started doing government consulting as they worked to form a tech startup through Chicago's 1871 business incubator. Last summer, they got a call from a consulting firm that had signed Fox as a client and wanted Vargas to help set up media interviews for Fox. Just like that, Vargas joined Fox on a summer tour of the U.S. It was just in time to catch a wave of Trump rhetoric about building a border wall with Mexico and getting a better North American Free Trade Agreement.
"What I appreciate about President Fox," Vargas said, "is they were willing to go out there and defend 130 million citizens in Mexico and nearly 40 million Mexican-Americans to say that divisive rhetoric has consequences."
But Vargas also suggested Fox set an example and omit curse words during any future discussion about Trump's border wall. Fox has kept their comments PG, but they haven't toned down the content.
In a Nov. 9 column in the International Business Times, Fox referred to Trump as "an authoritarian racist." In reference to Trump's promises to renegotiate NAFTA, Fox tweeted: "Mexico is much bigger than @realDonaldTrump, we're a successful and cheerful nation, and if they don't want to work with us, well, their loss!"
Fox wrote that South America, China, India and Europe are all fertile grounds to expand the Mexican economy if Trump makes the U.S. an unwilling partner. Vargas looks back on the exchanges as an example of how Trump's comments about Mexico and Mexicans might fuel a political divorce between the two nations.
"Trump, when they said, 'I'm not president of the world,' it was a key indicator that they didn't understand the office," Vargas said. "President Fox always says there isn't a president of the universe, but the closest is president of the United States. Everything the president of the United States does impacts the global economy."
Vargas pointed to the rise of far-left Mexican presidential candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador following Trump's election. Vargas said Obrador would move Mexico toward new alliances with China and Russia. Fox would be a better Mexican representative when Trump begins NAFTA renegotiations, Vargas said.
"We're not Canadian, Mexican, American; we're North American. It's so important economically for the United States to have a positive relationship with Mexico. I didn't support Trump, but he's a member of the (Republican) Party. Their success is going to be our success, but there are a lot of things that need to be repaired."
Immigration is an important cousin to trade agreements. Vargas said Fox does not support open borders. The reality is more Mexicans are leaving the U.S. to return to Mexico than are coming here.
"Some jobs in manufacturing are going to Mexico," Vargas said. "There are communities that have been hit hard because of those jobs going to Mexico. But at a 30,000-foot perspective, the strong partnership between Mexico, the United States and Canada has created more jobs and infused more money back into the U.S. economy."
Vargas hopes to maintain their relationship as an unpaid adviser to Fox. He'd love to broker the first face-to-face meeting between Fox and Trump. If that meeting ever happens, Fox won't be wearing a Donald Trump tie, Vargas said.
"He kept my tie but said he'd never wear it again."
All options to be assessed before borrowing against future oil revenues – Finance Minister
Finance Minister Winston Jordan recently reminded of the Government's position when it comes
to borrowing against future oil revenues.
At the recent opening of the second national workshop on sustainable funding strategy, Jordan stated that the Government is actually uneasy about borrowing in that regard.
The Finance Minister said that while tempting, as it would provide important resources to finance many critical pipeline projects, “we have to be wary of the volatility of the oil market and our capacity to utilize such resources in a transparent and accountable manner.”
Jordan said that the Government will “continue to assess the situation and weigh carefully our options before any decision, in this regard, is made.”
With these challenges, the Finance Minister said that the workshop which was organized in partnership with the Centre for Latin American Monetary Studies (CEMLA) is opportune, as the Government moves to assess the economy in the context of its debt sustainability, and craft strategies that strike a prudent balance of cost and risk.
Additionally, the economist asserted that the workshop is an opportunity to reinforce the technical capacity of government officials in areas related to sustainable funding strategy.
Out of that exercise, Jordan expressed intentions to have a permanent team in government established that will be able to revise the national strategy, periodically.
They said, “It is my steadfast belief that we should have the capacity to conduct these assessments, annually, so as to maximize ownership of the strategies, track progress made, monitor macroeconomic stability, and foster sustainable growth. This will go a long way towards achieving and sustaining a ‘good life' for all”.
The Finance Minister had explained that with the help of CEMLA, Guyana has made notable progress in the area of debt management.
They had said that the notable achievements to date include the formulation of a National Sustainable Funding Strategy in 2015, inclusive of a Debt Sustainability Analysis and Public Debt Strategy; a comprehensive Public Debt Management Procedures Manual which has improved and ensured consistent debt management operations whilst reducing operational risk, and the first National Workshop on Debt Management Self-Evaluation and Improvement (DMSAI) in 2016, using the World Bank Debt Management Performance Assessment (DeMPA) Methodology to assess Guyana's debt management operations, and chart a course for improvement and achievement of international best practices.
The Finance Minister had also stated that these achievements are tangible indications of the Government's redoubled efforts to ‘raise the bar' in the management of public finances, including the public debt, in order to heighten transparency and accountability, value for money, and efficient and effective allocation of the nation's resources. (Kiana Wilburg)
MADISON, Wis. — Gov. Scott Walker has signed into law a bill that legalizes possession of a marijuana extract used to treat seizures.
The governor signed the bill Monday in Burlington.
Parents of children who suffer from seizures have pushed for access to cannabidiol oil for years.
The bill makes possession of the oil legal with a doctor's certification, but it is still against the law to produce or sell the oil in the state.
The measure passed the Republican-controlled Legislature after a similar version stalled last session amid fears it would lead to full marijuana legalization.
The oil does not produce a high.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce has confirmed Middlesbrough have agreed a fee with Aston Villa for Rudy Gestede.
Bruce expects the deal to go through soon.
The Villa boss was speaking after the 1-0 Championship defeat at Cardiff City.
Asked about Gestede and Boro, Bruce replied: "He's up there for talks.
"The two clubs agreed a fee yesterday or the day before.
"He's up there for talks so I'd envisage that something would happen there. That's about it at the moment."
When Boro boss Aitor Karanka was asked about the imminent transfer earlier they remained coy.
"No (I haven't spoken to him)," said Karanka.
"But I want to finish the transfer market with a better squad than we have now.
"We have one month and what will happen now is that we have a month to do things. The club's been working well just as we did in pre-season, so we have to keep going and focus on games."
"I don't know. I have to keep calm as the last four or five days I've just been thinking about the games in Old Trafford and today," Karanka said.
"So now, tomorrow, we have time to start to do everything."
Dubai: Two employees accused of consuming drugs and hiding the body of a friend who died of a morphine overdose pleaded guilty before the Dubai Court of First Instance on Monday.
The accused allegedly dumped their Indian friend's body in a sandy area near trees in Al Aweer in January 2016.
According to records, the three Indian men met up with a fourth man in Al Madam area where they consumed alcohol and morphine before their friend fell ill. The fourth man ran away while the two suspects drove their friend to a hospital. The friend, however, died on the way and the two men disposed off their body in Al Aweer and absconded.
When the victim's body was discovered, police investigations led to the arrest of the suspects.
“Yes, we consumed drugs and threw away their body without reporting the matter to the police. Another man provided the drugs and ran away,” one of the suspects told the presiding judge Urfan Omar.
An anti-narcotics corporal testified to prosecutors that the victim was identified from their fingerprints.
“He worked as a truck driver. Primary interrogations revealed that the victim had been present with four Indian men when they incident happened. We apprehended the two employees … during questioning, the claimed that they met a fourth person [also Indian] and they all consumed alcohol. Then the fourth person provided them with morphine … the victim fell very sick and started vomiting suddenly. Then they died as they were driving them to the hospital meanwhile that person absconded … so they threw their body between trees. Immigration records confirmed that the fourth person had left the country shortly after the incident,” the corporal claimed to prosecutors.
A ruling will be heard on February 27.
Written by Suzi Conner & Gabbie Hartin. Media by Momoka Murata
Imagine yourself sitting at lunch. Who is at your table? In what ways are all of you alike and different? Traveling to a bay island off the coast of Honduras, known as Utila, opened our eyes in ways we couldn't have possibly imagined. We felt like outsiders and experienced a bit of culture shock. There was a language barrier, a diet we weren't used to, a difference in amenities (such as flushing toilet paper), and a difference in appearance that caused people we didn't know to judge us. So, why is this relevant? What impact does this have on our lives?
In our three weeks on the island, we were asked to keep a record of dislocated exegesis moments in a journal. We went to unexpected places on the island, opened up our Bibles, and observed how our environment changed the way we read it. We also unpacked a few of the gospels and Justo Gonzalez's Santa Biblia in a way that exposed faults within American Christianity. This experience showed us how to read the Bible from a different perspective and how to observe the world from the outside looking in.
In Gonzalez's chapter titled Exiles and Aliens, they discussed the meaning of being a foreigner. In exile, you leave what has been the center of your life and move it to the periphery. We experienced things that alien and exiles experience daily. A main point in this chapter was that foreigners are a gift to society. An example they used is the story of Joseph and Potiphar. Joseph was sold as a slave into a strange land, with strange people, and was forced to make the best of it. They didn't know why they were there but God used them to save Egypt and the Israelites.
Gonzalez encourages people of the dominant culture to read the story of Joseph from the perspective of the Egyptians:
The text no longer speaks so much about how good Christians ought to try to influence the powerful but rather about how the powerful, particularly if they seek to do the will of God, must seek the alien, discover their gifts, and seek whatever wisdom and guidance those gifts might offer.”
Applying this information to our lives sheds new light on President Trump wanting to close the borders. American Christians should see immigrants as a gift to culture rather than the people who are taking jobs away from Americans.
We want to encourage you, as students of Greenville College, to put yourselves in unexpected places. Make the most of the uncomfortable moments and listen. You never know what wonderful surprises might be in store.
Lagos – A former governor of Ogun State, Chief Olusegun Osoba, on Thursday in Lagos likened the risks in pursuing investigative journalism in Nigeria to fighting corruption.
They said both are very dangerous acts to pursue in the country.
Osoba spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on the sidelines of a Colloquium in honour of Mr Kunle Ajibade, to commemorate their 60th birthday.
The ex-governor, who was the chairperson of the occasion, stressed the dangers of investigative journalism.
According to him, digging beyond the surface by journalists has led to a number of fatalities in the country.
“It is as dangerous as fighting corruption in our country. They are both extremely dangerous,” they said.
Osoba, during the colloquium, called for ‘Open Ballot Electoral System' in the country, which produced them as governor against the preference of political godfathers of the day.
The event, under the theme: ‘A Brighter Future for Nigeria And How To Get There', attracted media mogul, civil society organisations, lawyers and other prominent Nigerians, including Gov. Rauf Aregbesola of Osun.
Nobel laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka; poet, Mr Odia Ofeimun; Mrs Bisi Fayemi; Mr Femi Falana (SAN); former president of Civil Liberties Organisation, Ms Ayo Obe; Amb. Tokunboh Awolowo-Dosunmu, were also at the event.
Mr Ajibade's professional colleagues, who went through turbulent periods under both Gen. Ibrahim Babangida and Sanni Abacha military regimes, including Sen. Babafemi Ojudu, Mike Awoyinfa, Owei Lakemfa, and others, were also on hand to lend support.
Presidential aspirant and publisher of Sahara Reporters, Mr Omoyele Sowore, was also in attendance.
Soyinka, Falana and Ofeimun, at the event, also dwelled on the dangers of investigative journalism, which made Ajibade famous.
They praised the author of the books titled: ‘Jailed for Life' and ‘What a Country', for their doggedness and commitment.
“I owe Kunle inestimable debt for dragging them into the dangerous terrain of investigative journalism, which they discharged with deep instigative zeal,” Soyinka said.
He, however, lamented that the job is yet to be over as the question of who corrupted the institutions remains germane.
“It is not enough to trace various bank accounts of a former Inspector General of Police, but where does all the monies come from?
“He was not even operating most of these accounts.
“There is a nexus between this expose and how elections are rigged in the country. Who corrupted the IG? Why is it so difficult to pursue the original owners of the loot?” Soyinka queried.
Describing Ajibade as a pioneer of investigative journalism in Nigeria, Soyinka pointed out that the number of journalists killed in the pursuit investigative journalism is more than those killed covering war.
On their part, Ofeimun recalled Ajibade's journey through journalism and various face-offs with military dictatorship, which culminated in theirs being sentenced to life in prison for treason.
NAN recalls that as many as 13 journalists were in various jails across the country at a particular time under the administration of General Abacha.
Ajibade was released after Abacha died in office in June 1998.
They were released in July 1998 by Gen. Abdulsalami Abubakar, Abacha's successor.
Others at the colloquium, including Prof. Kingsley Moghalu, Sam Omatseye, Ayisha Osori, Idowu Obasa and Lai Babatunde (SAN), also spoke in similar vein on investigative journalism.
Mrs Fayemi, who stated that they were not attending to represent their husband, the Minister of Solid Mineral, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, also recalled their foray into investigative journalism with ‘Radio Kudirat', where they were a broadcaster under a pseudo-name, ‘Iyuade'.
“Either for the good or for evil, we must remember that we would be remembered somehow.
“How do you want to be remembered?” was their admonition for continuous good to the society.
Falana, on their part, said that military training for all Nigerians should be considered.
They said this was in view of growing concerns over ceaseless fatal invasion of communities in the country by armed bandits.
Falana also said that the state governors had a role to play in improving security in their respective states, especially with their presence in the Police Commission.
They insisted that by the provisions of section 214 of the Nigerian Constitution, the governors have powers to control the police.
“The only thing the Federal Government need to do is pay the salary of the Police.
“Over 300 assailants have been apprehended, but none has been prosecuted.
“This is the work of state attorney generals, not the federal government,” Falana said.
According to him, the governors are abdicating their responsibilities, and this is why the killings would continue.
“Murder is not a federal offence, but state's,” they said.
Ajibade, who turned 60 on May 28, thanked the dignitaries and others for their turnout at the colloquium (NAN)
Ahead of the Storm, an ongoing project of the Lewis Creek Association in Charlotte was recently awarded a 2017 Governor's Award for Environmental Excellence.
The project ties data collection, planning, restoration and education together. It addresses water quality problems and habitat enhancement in the LaPlatte River watershed, and helps communities change the way stormwater is managed.
Community outreach includes a series called Water Matters, where the association holds events in area communities, including Shelburne, Charlotte and Hinesburg, to talk about current water issues and possible solutions to water quality problems.
“This award is a sign we're doing the right thing and we're on the right track. It gives us more confidence to move forward and it's nice to be recognized for the work that you're doing,” said Krista Hoffiss, program coordinator for Lewis Creek.
Overall, the governor's award recognizes efforts and actions of Vermonters to conserve and protect natural resources, prevent pollution and promote sustainability.
“The actions taken by the recipients represent a culture of commitment to doing the right thing environmentally,” said Kim Greenwood, director of the Environmental Compliance Division of the Vermont Department of Environmental Conservation.
Other recipients include Agri-Mark (Middlebury), City Market (Burlington), Global Foundries (Essex Junction),
GS Precision (Brattleboro), Maple Grove Farms (St. Johnsbury), and the Mt. Tabor/Danby Historical Society.
Planning permission has been granted for nine new industrial units in Dundee.
The plans for the units on land at Gourdie Industrial Estate were lodged by Chohan Management Ltd.
Dundee City Council approved the application subject to a number of conditions, including the creation of a footway in Nobel Road and the provision of electric car charging points.
The application, which was submitted by Peter Inglis Architects on behalf of Chohan, said: “The site is located on Nobel Road in the Gourdie Industrial Estate, close to excellent road transport links both serving the city and beyond.
“The site is owned by the applicant who operates a distribution business from the premises and this would continue.
“We are advised by property experts that there is an under-provision in Dundee for the light industrial manufacturing and workshop sector.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump delivered a foreboding message, telling reporters as they posed for photos with their senior military leaders that this might be “the calm before the storm.”
White House reporters were summoned suddenly Thursday evening and told the president had decided they wanted the press to document a dinner they were holding with the military leaders and their wives.
Reporters were led hastily to the grand State Dining Room, where they walked into a scene of the president, their highest-ranking military aides and their wives posing for a group photo. The cameras clicked and they smiled. A joke was made about someone's face being tired. Live classical music played.
Then, Trump gestured to the reporters in the room.
“You guys know what this represents?” Trump asked. “Maybe it's the calm before the storm. Could be the calm, the calm before the storm.”
“What storm Mr. President?” one reporter shouted. ISIS? North Korea? Iran?
“You'll find out,” the president said.
They also praised those assembled for the photo, saying: “We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that.”
Earlier in the evening, the president had lauded the group, including their defense secretary and chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and said they would be discussing the most pressing military issues facing the country, including North Korea and Iran.
Trump said “tremendous progress” had been made with respect to the Islamic State group, adding, “I guess the media's going to be finding out about that over the next short period of time.”
They also denounced Iran, saying the country should not be allowed to obtain nuclear weapons, and offered another stark warning to North Korea's Kim Jong-un.
“We cannot allow this dictatorship to threaten our nation or allies with unimaginable loss of life,” they said, vowing to “do what we must do to prevent that from happening and it will be done, if necessary. Believe me.”
They also said that, moving forward, they expect those in the room to provide them with “a broad range of military options, when needed, at a much faster pace.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Corbyn confirmed that there is a place for Chris Williamson on the front bench while a loud onlooker called the Labour leader a “traitor”.
Mr Corbyn walked around Belper town centre this afternoon to meet and greet local people and visit local shops and businesses.
One resident voiced their opposition to their visit, calling them a traitor and shouting at them as they were being interviewed.
But this didn't put the opposition leader off as they fielded questions from the press including a response to the recent resignation of Derby North MP Chris Williamson from the Labour front-bench.
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
Mr Williamson had stepped down from their position as Shadow Fire Minister just days after controversially suggesting doubling council tax on Britain's most valuable homes. They put forward the radical idea saying "this could be the only a way of arresting the cuts".
At the time, Mr Corbyn said Mr Williamson would remain a "strong campaigner on a range of crucial issues as well as serving constituents with dedication".
Answering our question about whether their friend could return to the front-bench, they said: "Yes, of course there's a place for Chris."
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
They added: “We had a long discussion about what he's doing. He's working very hard in Parliament taking up a variety of issues particularly on environment issues and fighting against austerity."
When asked what Labour would do to deal with Derby's issues surrounding synthetic cannabis, or Black Mamba, Mr Corbyn replied: “Well we obviously want to look at these issues and the problems that exist locally and also look at the medicinal uses of cannabis as well – that was in our manifesto.”
Mr Corbyn was walking around Belper with Derbyshire's Labour Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa and an Amber Valley Inspector.
Asked why they were meeting with local police authorities, they said: "I've been talking to the local PCSO's (Police Community Support Officers).
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
“But Derbyshire, like everywhere else, has had its budgets cut, therefore police numbers on the street are affected and people need to see it.
“So across the country this will continue unless we press this issue. We need, particularly, PCSO's on the streets.”
When pushed about whether taxes will have to be increased to pay for more public spending on policing, Mr Corbyn said: “Indeed, it will be used to pay for that, partly, but it doesn't cover the whole thing. The issue really is the central governing of county councils and local authorities.
“We cannot go on like this. Every Chief Constable will tell you they've got problems and every chief constable will tell you that they're stretched thin.
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
“Whilst we've coped with the awful events in London Bridge and Manchester over the summer that drags in police from everywhere including Derbyshire, we can't go on like that.”
The man shouting traitor at Mr Corbyn had been outside a Belper pub.
Getting to know Nicole Martin, CEO of HRBoost LLC
hello
Q: Describe your company.
A: HRBoost has served businesses spanning various industry sectors. We specialize in meeting a business on its journey to being the best place to work. Services are provided on a fractional, project or retained basis. Our clients have included those from the areas of professional services, nonprofit, high tech, manufacturing, staffing firms, hospitality and health care and even retail environments to name a few. Our clients are typically high growth businesses with 50 to 250 employees though we have served smaller and larger businesses on a project basis.
Q: Do you plan to hire any additional staff or make any significant capital investments in your company in the next year?
A: We estimate we will need to hire up to three additional consultants in the coming year.
Q: What will your company's main challenges be in the next year?
A: Retaining top talent and developing new talent, lead sourcing and systems optimization.
Q: What's the hottest trend in your industry?
A: Culture is everything and HR practices that were once standard are quickly becoming obsolete.
Q: If you had one tip to give to a rookie CEO, what would it be?
A: Define your culture invitation and reinforce it with shared leadership at all levels.
Q: Do you have a business mantra?
A: People deserve joy and purpose through their work.
Q: From a business outlook, whom do you look up to?
A: Those that I meet that are motivated by intrinsic factors vs. solely making margins. For example, Cascade Engineering in Grand Rapids, Michigan, is revolutionizing recruitment with "Welfare to Work" programs and "Returning Citizens." Businesses like this are sure to retain talent despite the skills gaps and talent shortages that loom ahead.
Q: What is one interesting fact about you or your company that most people may not know?
A: When I founded HRBoost I did not aim to "build a business." I simply aimed to partner and consult with businesses that wanted to be employers of choice. I used to think being an employer of choice was magic. Today I know it's not but rather a proven process. It was one of my first managed service clients that proposed to invest in my business and my response was, "What business, I am a consultant?" They replied, "No, you are in business." Now, I believe that too.
Q: What do you like to do in your free time?
A: I love escaping to our family cabin and I cherish time with my children and husband. I love to learn so I enjoy reading, but I am game any time for travel, fishing and outdoor fun.
Q: What book is on your nightstand?
A: "Ordinary Work, Extraordinary Grace" by Scott Hahn.
Q: What keeps you up at night?
A: Well not that long ago, it was my infant son but now I sleep like a baby. When I wake and often its early morning, I am tackling to-do lists in my head. I practice gratitude and value sleep.
Q: If you were not doing this job, what do you think you would be doing?
A: The year I began my firm; I originally considered doing ministry work. In the end, I realized I practice workplace ministry. Many people work their whole lives never experiencing joy and purpose through their work and yet we all deserve it.
Q: What was your first paying job?
A: I bussed tables at the Sport Bar & Grill in downtown Livingston, Montana, for cash. My first W2 however was from Dairy Queen where I worked all through high school.
Q: If you could put your company name on a sports venue, which one would you choose?
A: That is tough! When you grow up in Montana, there are no national teams per se. Thus, I would lean toward Notre Dame Football stadium. The few men in business that I have been inspired by were alumni.
Q: Two people to follow onTwitter and why?
A: @IHHP The Institute for Health and Human Potential (IHHP) is a global research and learning company that specializes in helping organizations and leaders leverage the science of emotional intelligence and performing under pressure. I am inspired by Dr. J.P. Pawliw-Fry and have learned much.
@Human_Capital An organization that scours the industry to provide fresh, premium, and actionable insight aggregated in real time.
They have studies that tell us the leading indicators in high performing organizations.
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
5:10 Tour the oasis of tiki power couple Wendy and Dan Cevola
The new boss of a popular Dundee restaurant has revealed why they scrapped its planned closure.
Kobee, on Dock Street, was due to shut its doors last Sunday ahead of rebranding as The Grill.
The Tele told last month how the Waterfront venue would re-open under the new name and offer Mediterranean-style cuisine.
But it's been announced that Kobee will remain a pan-Asian steak house after a huge response from food-lovers on social media.
Takeaway boss Steve Chow now owns the restaurant after previously linking up with the venues former owner, Valy Ossman.
Kobee opened its doors in March 2015 and immediately wowed customers with its live preparation of pan-Asian dishes.
The Tele previously told how Mr Ossman said the restaurant had run its course and that they wanted to explore new opportunities.
The new boss says they now want to offer a “five-star” experience for Dundee diners.
Mr Chow said: “The Facebook response was amazing from people who have loved coming here, so we decided to keep the name and the theme.
“We're going to improve every-where — sometimes there were complaints about the service being slow and we're going to fix that.
“We're the only teppanyaki restaurant in Tayside and we've had people come from Perth, St Andrews and all over to experience what we have.
“We want to stand out from the crowd and we want to offer a five-star experience for our diners.”
Refurbishment work is planned in the restaurant over the coming weeks but there are no plans to close the venue while it is carried out.
Mr Chow added: “We'll still be refurbishing a part of the restaurant inside with some new features to really grab people's attention.
“There will be oriental style designs that we'll be including to try to make the restaurant better.
“It's not just like a Chinese or Thai restaurant — we offer people a taste of up to eight different countries, plus entertainment.
“The Waterfront is growing and we want to make sure that the city has a reputation for excellent food.”
Fans of the eatery were thrilled when it was revealed on the Kobee Facebook page at the weekend that it would be remaining open.
Roly O'Connor commented: “This is truly one of the best bits of news I've heard so far this year.
“My team and I came before Christmas and wanted to come back but couldn't get time before it was shutting — will be getting something sorted now.”
Scott Robertson added: “Great news. Meals in there have always been excellent. Was in last weekend for what I thought was the last time. The only negative was that there were too many people crammed in around the chef's table.”
Fox Lake teen gets three years for dragging death in Round Lake Beach
hello
A Fox Lake teen covered their face with their hands and cried Monday as the daughter of a North Chicago man whose death they played a role in testified about the anguish their family feels every night.
"I hate listening to my little brother cry at night because their dad isn't coming home," Ameyali Olmos told Courtney Sherman, 18, during a sentencing hearing in a Lake County courtroom. "Our family was so perfect with him, and you took that away from us,"
Judge Victoria Rossetti sentenced Sherman to three years in prison for their part in the killing of 43-year-old Trinidad Bueno-Sanchez during a botched robbery April 24 in Round Lake Beach.
Sherman was facing up to five years in prison after pleading guilty to reckless homicide Oct. 4.
"This is a horrific tragedy that devastated two families," Sherman attorney James Schwarzbach said. "(Sherman) pleaded guilty because they were truthfully remorseful.  They are living with this death every day and will continue to do so."
Sherman was accused of being the mastermind of the robbery behind a department store on the 700 block of East Rollins Road.
Using the name "Jessie," Sherman used a phone app to arrange a deal to buy a cellphone from Bueno-Sanchez for $450, Assistant Lake County State's Attorney Eric Kalata said.
After meeting with Sherman and a group of juveniles in the store parking lot, Bueno-Sanchez gave Sherman the phone in exchange for a sealed envelope that had $450 written on it, authorities said. But when they checked inside the envelope, they found only three $1 bills and Walmart receipts.
When Bueno-Sanchez discovered they were duped, they grabbed a hold of the teens' car to question them, Kalata said. Sherman told the juvenile driver to "go" and the car took off, dragging Bueno-Sanchez, authorities said.
Bueno-Sanchez hung on to the car before falling and striking their head on the pavement, causing a fatal injury, Kalata said.
Schwarzbach said all of the teens in the vehicle told the juvenile driver to "go."
The juvenile driver and front seat passenger also were charged with reckless homicide and robbery, Kalata said. Both have since taken plea deals, though the terms have not been disclosed.
Olmos also read a written statement from their mother, Maria Porcayo. In in, they wrote a part of them "died that day."
"The truth is, they didn't deserve this," Olmos read from their mother's letter. "You didn't just kill him. You killed a part of my children, too."
Schwarzbach said Sherman will be eligible for day-for-day credit while in prison, as well as 245 days credit for time already served in Lake County jail.
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood, but this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. They can control their lights with their Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he's installed throughout the home. Sensors tell them when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and their team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says they imagine both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest, they're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it," they say.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
A San Luis Obispo campaign-reform activist and actor will challenge the Central Coast's first-year student Assemblyman in the 2018 election.
Democrat Bill Ostrander, 58, filed paperwork to run against incumbent Jordan Cunningham, saying the first-year student Republican is out of step with the progressive ideals of California and San Luis Obispo and Santa Barbara counties.
The 35th Assembly District encompasses all of San Luis Obispo County and the Santa Barbara County communities of Santa Maria, Guadalupe and Lompoc.
Cunningham, an attorney with a practice in Templeton, was elected in November 2016, succeeding termed-out Republican Katcho Achadjian. Cunningham defeated Democratic opponent Dawn Ortiz-Legg, and so far in their first term has earned a reputation as a moderate with a penchant for public-safety legislation.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Though they came in fifth in a crowded field of nine candidates in the primary election for the 24th Congressional District in 2016 (he received 6.1 percent of the vote), Ostrander attracted attention as one of the most energetic and well-spoken candidates in debates leading to the election.
Let's be clear about something: money in politics is the umbrella issue. Democratic Assembly candidate Bill Ostrander
But Ostrander is known mostly for their fight for campaign finance reform. As a co-founder and director of the campaign finance-focused nonprofit, Citizen's Congress, Ostrander has led the local dialogue against big-money interests in politics, which they call the biggest hurdle to getting things done in the Legislature.
“The best defense that we have from what is in my opinion horrible federal-level policy making is a strong state legislature,” Ostrander said. “It's an office where I think I can make more impact with what I'm doing now with the nonprofit and as an advocate.”
Ostrander grew up in Indiana and says he's traveled to 35 countries, lived and worked on four continents and “worn many hats.” He's enjoyed an acting career that started in the 1980s — appearing in, among other things, the film adaptation of Stephen King's “Christine” — before working as a community development volunteer in Namibia.
They moved to Los Osos in 1998 and lives on a former dairy and cattle ranch off Los Osos Valley Road. They have one stepson and two sons who live in San Luis Obispo County.
Bill Ostrander at their San Luis Obispo ranch in 2014. David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp@thetribunenews.com
As director of Citizen's Congress and its educational foundation, Ostrander coordinates fairs at high schools that introduce students to community service opportunities related to homelessness, animal rescue, senior outreach, environmental clean up and mentoring youth.
Citizen's Congress formed following the controversial 2010 U.S. Supreme Court ruling in Citizen's United vs. Federal Election Commission that prohibited government restrictions on political spending by corporations and unions as long as the spending is done independently of a party or candidate.
“Let's be clear about something: Money in politics is the umbrella issue,” Ostrander said. “Money in politics is the impediment to getting the community-driven issues that we need the most passed.”
Leading up to the 2016 election, Ostrander and Citizen's Congress made an unsuccessful push in San Luis Obispo for a program that would give each registered voter $20 in “democracy vouchers” to donate to candidates who agree only to receive contributions through the program. The effort aimed to increase voter participation and prevent outside money from influencing city campaigns.
But Ostrander rejects that he's a single-issue candidate. Here are a few of their other priorities:
Healthcare. Strong support for a Medicare system for every citizen, commonly known as “single-payer” healthcare, and the passage of Senate Bill 562, which would implement the system in California. That bill was withdrawn in June 2017 but could be reintroduced to the State Legislature this year.
Water. Supporting measures to combat California's drought.
Education. Making education more accessible and affordable, making preschool universal and encouraging vocational subjects be taught in high schools.
Mental health. Supporting funding for incentives for employers to provide treatment to employees and programs and facilities to treat people with mental illness, especially those in the criminal justice system.
“Jails have become repositories for mental health patients,” they said. “That's a tragedy that we're not taking care of our people like that.”
Bail reform. Ending the money bail system, which requires someone arrested for a crime put up cash or collateral to be released from jail prior to their trial, which Ostrander said creates enormous hardships in the lower socioeconomic classes that keep people in poverty. Numerous sources say roughly 60 percent of all people in jails across the country are waiting for trial or sentencing.
“Right now we have people accepting sentences, basically, so they can get out of jail,” Ostrander said. “It's an important taxpayer issue, but it has a larger societal cost than just the $5 million a day that it's costing taxpayers to incarcerate those people.”
(Cunningham) seems like an intelligent young man, but he's following the conservative agenda of punishing, regressive policies that tend not to be empathic, tend not to be forward-thinking. Democratic Assembly candidate Bill Ostrander
During their first year in office, Cunningham introduced several bills related to public safety such as human trafficking and standards for marijuana DUI testing legislation. However, Ostrander said that Cunningham, a defense attorney, voted against since-passed bills that help ease a strained justice system, such as bail reform and a bill to prevent employment discrimination for former inmates.
Ostrander also points to bill Cunningham voted against that aim to increase public safety, such as a bill to further restrict open-carry of firearms in public places and another to ban even permitted firearms on school campuses.
“He's seems like an intelligent young man, but he's following the conservative agenda of punishing, regressive policies that tend not to be empathic, tend not to be forward-thinking,” Ostrander said. “Ideas that are stuck in nativist ideologies and 1950s romance.”
Assemblyman Jordan Cunningham. David Middlecamp dmiddlecamp@thetribunenews.com
Though the Assembly district tilts Republican, Ostrander said Democratic turnout in the past two races has grown and the margin between Republican wins shrunk. Furthermore, Cunningham may have lost favor with some hard-line conservatives due to their vote for cap-and-trade, they said.
“I don't think Mr. Cunningham is a star in the Republican Party because of their vote on cap-and-trade, for example,” Ostrander said. “And I think that there is a strong resentment over the type of politics that we see in Washington D.C. that they tend to represent... It's my opinion (Democrats) have an opportunity here.”
They said they planned to raise and spend little in their campaign but is aiming to co-host seven Lincoln-Douglas-style debates in public parks or public centers in seven communities across the district in the coming months. They said they have suggested the events to Cunningham personally.
“I challenge him,” Ostrander said. “Let's get out and do that.”
Ostrander's campaign will formally kick off with a launch party Monday at the Bristol Cider House in Atascadero, from 6 to 8 p.m. The event is free and open to the public.
A Riverdale High School football practice turned deadly back in June for one player.
Zachary Polsenberg, 16, known as the "Gentle Giant", collapsed near the end of a three hour indoor and outdoor practice.
Polsenberg's core temperature at one point reached 107 degrees. They were being treated at a hospital in Miami, in a coma for weeks, but was taken off life support and passed away.
More than three months later, detectives found no crime surrounding the teen's death.
Sworn statements from football coaches and team players said, "there were multiple water stations and they were allowed adequate water breaks".
A former football player told a different story to detectives, claiming a coach declined football players water during a running drill outside. Only after the drill was over, the witness said, coaches allowed a water break.
The Lee County School District is conducting an internal investigation.
The family attorney for the mother of Polsenberg, Laurie Giordano, did not return calls to ABC7 regarding the family reviewing the report.
Get More: Heat stroke
On average, nearly 4,000 people go to a Florida ER each year while suffering some kind of heat-related illness.
If you're outside in the sun doing something physical, experts recommend drinking water before, during and after the activity.
Take water breaks every 15 minutes.
If you start feeling nauseous, dizzy or notice you're not sweating, cool off and replenish with Gatorade or Pedialyte.
© Copyright 2017 WBBH/WZVN (Waterman Broadcasting). All rights reserved.
By Jason Keidel
Just a week ago it said here that the best chance Conor McGregor had of beating Floyd Mayweather Jr. in their ballyhooed bout on Aug 26 was if Mayweather had, as every fighter has at some point, gotten athletically old.
And now, Mayweather either agrees with me or is being professionally coy for the sake of coin.
During a recent sit-down with Stephen A Smith, Mayweather mused over their upcoming fight with McGregor, and made some unusually candid and self-effacing assertions. Most notably, that he's lost a step and that McGregor is not only the younger man, but also larger and stronger. So, says Mayweather, this is the first time their foe as the edge, at least on paper.
It has long been Mayweather's M.O. to regard their foes with cheeky indifference – when they deign to acknowledge them – the man across the ring barely a bookmark during their self-indulgent monologues. But what if Mayweather is being genuine? What if they really realizes that what is happening to them happened to all before him, from Joe Louis to Ray Robinson to Muhammad Ali?
It's almost impossible to imagine this kind of persona makeover, especially in Mayweather. A tectonic shift from epic hubris to low-key humility is about as likely as Dikembe Mutombo winning the NBA's three-point shooting contest.
Is this newfound modesty or a new sales pitch? Is Floyd Maywether Jr making concessions to nature or theirs they too naturally arrogant to fear Father Time?
Mother Nature has humbled many a man, woman, and athlete, and made modesty a necessity. But when you're still 49-0 and driving a different Bugatti every day, it's hard to correlate modesty with someone who proudly lives like King Farouk. They graduated from Pretty Boy Floyd to Money Mayweather at least a decade ago, and has felt no need to earn a higher degree, at least not in terms of moniker or monetary appetites.
Mayweather is difficult to digest, even for those of us who still kneel at boxing's crumbling altar. But he's too naturally gifted and aesthetically pleasing when they ply their trade in the ring. The problems begin when they remove the mouthpiece and opens their mouth.
There's chatter about biblical debt due the IRS, how they need this fight more to keep the lights on than to turn McGregor's lights off. Tax bills and celebrities – especially athletes – are a common pair, like pop culture's peanut butter and jelly. If you ever saw the delightful documentary, appropriately titled, “Broke,” you'd be astonished by how many millionaires are paupers by 35.
Mayweather is long past 35. But even at 40, he's in sublime physical shape. Unlike many of their predecessors, like Ali, Mayweather never got soft around the middle. Roberto Duran often looked pregnant between bouts, then somehow sweated the cellulite into oblivion just in time to pummel their next opponent. Mayweather is a walking workout, 24/7 fit. For all their faults and foibles – and there are tons – they never disrespected their sport vis-a-vis their preparation or performance.
The latest drama sprouted from McGregor's camp, when former boxing champ Paulie Malignaggi agreed to spar with the loquacious cage fighter. McGregor specifically targeted Malignaggi because they opined publicly that McGregor had no shot at defeating Mayweather, if he'd even land a glove on him. After a few rounds and cleverly placed pics on social media, showing Malignaggi on their back, the longtime boxer fled the camp, wholly disputing what looked like a knockdown.
McGregor says it was clean; Malginaggi said they were shoved to the canvas. Then an odd arbiter stepped in. Shaquille O'Neal tweeted a few moments of the sparring, which showed McGregor knocking Malignaggi all over the ring, peppering them with lead lefts and roundhouse rights. The disputed knockdown seems equal parts punch and push.
Was Malignaggi tanking for the inherent click bait it brings? Was they out of shape or out of their mind? Or is McGregor really a fine boxer who simply prefers mixed martial arts?
None of us really knows any of those answers. We do know that, other than being fine athletic specimens who are great at beating people up, Mayweather and McGregor are also showmen and wildly gifted salespersons, their tongues almost as sharp as their punches. There's a reason this fight had more public than pugilistic appeal. One thing – perhaps the only thing – Mayweather and McGregor have in common is that just as many folks tune in to see them lose as to watch them win.
So for some folks the good news is that, on Aug 26, either Floyd Mayweather Jr or Conor McGregor is going to win the fight. For most folks, the best news is that one of them will lose.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brave boy has courageously spoken out after being the subject of a relentless bullying campaign.
The footage of Keaton Jones telling their mum that bullying "is not OK" through their heartbreaking tears has been shared by celebrities all over the world.
Professional sports stars, WWE wrestlers, Hollywood actors and a string of household names have been supporting the brave youngster.
In the video, through their tears, they tell them what they have to endure, revealing that bullies cruelly pour milk down them and put ham down their clothes.
Keaton says their bullies call them "ugly" and make fun of their nose.
The Mirror reports Keaton asks: "Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What's the point of it? Why do they enjoy taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not OK."
When their mum asks what they say to him, the young boy responds: "They make fun of my nose. They call me ugly. They say I have no friends."
 They are then heard probing what they do to them at lunch, to which Keaton says: "Pour milk down me and put ham down my clothes. Throw bread at me."
Keaton tells their mum that the bullies "do it to other people too," and through their tears they tell them they don't know why, and repeats "it's not OK".
"People that are different don't need to be criticised about it. It's not their fault," Keaton adds.
"If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you.
"Stay strong I guess. It's hard. But it'll probably get better one day."
Posting the moving video on Facebook, their mum Kimberly Jones wrote: "For the record, Keaton asked to do this AFTER they had they me pick them up AGAIN because they were afraid to go to lunch.
"My kids are by no stretch perfect, & at home, he's as all boy as they come, but by all accounts he's good at school.
"Talk to your kids. I've even had friends of mine tell me they're kids were only nice to them to get them to mess with people.
"We all know how it feels to want to belong, but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere.(sic)."
The video has had more than 430,000 shares, gaining sympathy all over the world- including from celebrities.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
BIRMINGHAM'S bin strike, which is costing the city £40,000 a day, could end TODAY if the union suspended its strike action and agreed to go to arbitration.
That was the message from city bins boss Lisa Trickett as they oversaw a private contractor's bin crew at work on the clean-up in Yardley.
It comes as the binmen are poised to ballot on extending the action which has crippled the service until Christmas.
“This strike could end today,” said Ms Trickett, Labour councillor for Moseley and Kings Heath.
“The power to end this strike lies with Unite . They could suspend this action, come to ACAS, join us for talks and we can find a way forward.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
In a message to the union, they added: “You've made your point, there are some things we need to hammer out between us.
“We're determined there are no job losses, that people do not lose pay, that we work together on how we can have a better bins service for the people of Birmingham.”
The union has called on the council to protect the salaries of 113 at risk 'leading hand' staff and drop disciplinary action against a shop flight attendant.
Councillor Trickett revealed that the council has so far brought in 17 private crews to work around the ongoing industrial action, going out during evenings and weekends, and that the daily cost of the strike to the council is about £40,000.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
But this is just an exercise in damage limitation rather than a clean-up because the council has about 100 wagons on the streets during a regular working week.
The private contractors and non-union agency staff are increasingly being used after the Unite union changed its pattern of strike action, effectively bringing the regular service to a virtual standstill. Bin lorries are spending only a few minutes at a time emptying bins before returning to their depot for the next period of strike action or a break.
“Three weeks ago the Unite union called for the conciliation service ACAS to be brought in to run negotiations, and now the council is making the same call,” said Councillor Trickett.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
But on Friday the rhetoric was more robust with the union threatening another ballot of members to extend strike action until Christmas .
Councillor Trickett accused them of ‘holding the city to ransom' and the council is planning for drawn-out action, aiming to visit each home to empty bins over the next three weeks.
Meanwhile, residents are increasingly frustrated at the ongoing dispute and just want their streets clean and regular bin collections.
Almost 11,000 have now signed a petition demanding a refund on their council tax for the missed collections.
(Image: Snapperssk)
But Councillor Trickett replied: “I can understand why some councillors would make such populist suggestions. I hope they understand why we can't offer a refund.
“There's no direct relationship between the council tax and the bin service that is not being delivered.”
The contemporary furniture store Modani is moving to the traditional decorator area centered on Bloomingdales and the various design buildings.
Now at 40 E. 19th St. in the Flatiron District, the Italian furniture company has just signed a 9,876 square-foot lease for the entire five-story townhouse at 942 Third Ave., where it will create a new flagship.
Joanne Podell, Brandon Singer and Mary Clayton of Cushman & Wakefield represented the building ownership, Naomi and Andre Altholz.
Podell is also marketing the owners' adjacent 950 Third Ave., right on the southwest corner of E. 57th Street. That building has 200 feet of wraparound glass frontage encompassing a double height, 22-foot-tall ground floor of 6,000 square feet and a 2,000 square-foot storage mezzanine.
The asking rent for the corner is $300 per foot.
“Furniture is a destination-driven product,” said Podell, who years ago owned their own chain of contemporary furniture stores. In this area of the city, “they have critical mass,” they explained.
Along with the area's design buildings, nearby furniture stores include Design Within Reach, B&B Italia, Holly Hunt, Roche Bobois, CB2, Jensen-Lewis, BoConcept, Ethan Allen and Cassina.
“There are more such tenants looking for space than the design buildings can accommodate,” observed Kim Mogull of Mogull Realty.
Given the robust demand, Mogull is exploring the creation of a boutique showroom building within 136 E. 57th St., with a private entrance along Lexington Avenue.
“We can make available up to 20,000 square feet of contiguous space,” they said. “It's an ideal showroom building between the D&D (Decoration and Design building at 979 Third) and the A&D, (150 E. 58th St.),” Mogull said. “The bones of the building lend themselves to furniture showrooms with high ceilings, large windows that wrap the corner of 57th and Lex, and 5,900 square-foot floor plates above.”
Situated on the southeast corner of Lexington Avenue, the ground floor of 3,500 square feet, along with the lower level and second floor, can also be leased to a single high-profile retailer, they said.
No asking rent is available, Mogull explained, because, while flexible, the final number will depend on the configuration of each deal.
Edna Valley's Tolosa Winery is welcoming a French-born winemaker with extensive experience around Sonoma and Napa Valley.
Frederic Delivert's hiring follows a series of multi-million dollar improvements aimed at elevating Tolosa — and the Edna Valley overall — into the upper tier of the wine world since Robin Baggett took the reins two years ago.
“As we look to continually up our game at Tolosa, it is important that we bring in a winemaker of Fred's caliber,” said Baggett, who co-founded the winery in 1998 but spent many years focusing on other efforts, including Napa's well-regarded Alpha Omega Winery. “The combination of their experience gained in France and Napa Valley and the exceptional terroir of Edna Valley has the potential to create some very special wines.”
Delivert, who replaces Jim Kress, will work with consulting winemaker Jean Hoefliger from Alpha Omega, who will also consult with another winery Baggett just acquired a stake in, Perinet Winery in Spain's Priorat region.
After earning a master's degree in Toulouse, Delivert worked at Napa wineries including Far Niente, Duckhorn Vineyards and Hafner Vineyard and was assistant winemaker at PlumpJack and CADE. After leading winemaking at Martin Estate and Tuck Beckstoffer Wines, Delivert consulted for several labels including Clark-Claudon, where they met Hoefliger and assisted in a few Alpha Omega vintages.
Delivert acknowledges that they were not familiar with Edna Valley but was blown away by the vineyards, the winery and the wines at Tolosa.
“I am excited to delve into the soils and the climate, fine-tune farming in the extensive estate vineyard and bring forth nuanced, balanced wines that showcase the character of Edna Valley,” they said. “Robin's commitment to making exceptional wine is boundless. They have high expectations of their winemaking team, but they provide the resources necessary to reach that high bar.”
In the cellar, Tolosa has upgraded its tanks and presses and added a high-tech optical sorter and temperature-controlled barrel fermentation room.
Tolosa Winery's Heritage Room. Joe Johnston jjohnston@thetribunenews.com
The guest experience at Tolosa has also seen a recent makeover, with a renovated member lounge and private tasting room offering views over the vineyards and a new barrel-tasting loft for sampling pre-release single vineyard pinot noirs and chardonnays.
An expanded patio offers seated tastings, bottle service and plenty of places to sit among olive trees overlooking both the vines and winemaking operations.
The renovations have allowed Tolosa to offer options ranging from walk-in tastings to in-depth, educational programs with dedicated staff, said general manager June McIvor. “We have the opportunity to get every guest into the appropriate tasting experience,” they said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Benik Afobe's late introduction at Molienux drew the loudest cheer of the afternoon on a night where Wolves cruised to a 3-0 victory over Sheffield United.
The 24-year-old was introduced on the 77th-minute for Ivan Cavaleiro who had just bagged the third goal of the evening.
Afobe was welcomed onto the pitch by a standing ovation and chants of: ‘Benik Afobe's back home' from the South Bank who sang their name throughout the encounter.
It was almost a dream return for the forward who bagged 23 goals in 44 appearances for Wolves in their first spell at the club.
They latched onto a through ball but shot wide from close range. Luckily for them they were offside.
A second chance came soon after as Wolves caused the ten-men Blades all sorts of problems late on after Simon Moore's dismissal on 76 minutes.
This time Matt Doherty crossed for Afobe who rose high but planted their header inches wide.
The on-loan Bournemouth man looked to be enjoying their time on the pitch and was desperate to get among the goals.
They found time to applaud the home fans as they chanted their name, though, and was the last player to leave the pitch on the final whistle as they were serenaded by their adoring fans.
Report
Wolves wiped the floor with Sheffield United to take another step closer towards promotion back to the Premier League.
Goals from Ruben Neves, Diogo Jota and Ivan Cavaleiro set up a 3-0 win at Molineux to extend their lead at the top to 11 points.
This was no routine victory, though. Wolves really turned on the style.
And talk about getting revenge on the Blades who inflicted a rare defeat on the table-toppers in the reverse fixture earlier this season.
A cheeky nutmeg from Cavaleiro got it all going with less than a minute on the clock.
But it was Neves' curling 25-yard opener that really raised the roof early on.
By the half-hour mark Nuno Espirito Santo's men were home and dry.
A progressive move upfield saw Jota play a delightful one-two with Cavaleiro before firing past Simon Moore.
In many ways the best was still to come as Wolves tore into their wounded opponents with every attack.
The way they dominated the game against a team that looked jaded following the last-minute defeat to Aston Villa in midweek was impressive.
On 76 minutes a long-ball up-field from Neves set Jota free but goalkeeper Simon Moore clattered into them outside the area and was red-carded.
From the resultint set-piece, Cavaleiro stepped up to fire the free-kick home, via a deflection off the wall.
New signing Benik Afobe then replaced the goalscorer and had two chances of their own, the latter a header that flew just inches wide.
And while it wasn't a fairytale return for the 24-year-old, it was a vintage display from the team who now have just 16 games of the season remaining before an inevitable promotion party begins.
PLAYER RATINGS
STARTING FORMATION
(3-4-3)
RUDDY, 6
Didn't have a notable save to make but still commanded their area well and was solid on deliveries intonthe box.
BENNETT, 6.5
Covered their team-mates in times of need and made important blocks and interceptions. Had a little tussle with Clarke in the second half and didn't do too much wrong elsewhere.
COADY, 7
Kept the forwards quiet and generally led by example. Tried a few ambitious passes forward that went astray but they can be forgiven. Made amends for their sending-off at Bramall Lane.
BOLY, 7.5
Cleared up any danger they had to deal with. Looked in control throughout. Also had two decent opportunities with headed efforts from corners.
DOHERTY, 7
Joined in with the attacks and gave Wolves a deadly weapon down the right. Stuck to their defensive tasks when they had to
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
N'DIAYE, 7
Marshalled the midfield and got stuck in when they needed to. Powerful and purposeful, they used their fresh legs to wear down the Blades midfield who looked jaded from the midweek fixture.
NEVES, 8.5
Bagged their third goal of the season in stunning style. Also worked hard in defence. Blocked a shot that set up a quick-fire attack and kept the ball moving quickly. Needs to be playing at the highest-level.
DOUGLAS, 7
A dynamic display from the Scot who got forward and joined in with the attacks. Wasted a free-kick by firing into the wall, Was solid defensively, though.
COSTA, 8
Looked back to their best with an accomplished performance up top. Volleyed wide early on, showed good skill and used their pace to cause problems. A threat throughout. Subbed.
CAVALEIRO, 9
Up for it from the off. Cheeky nutmeg got it going then they worked hard throughout. Sublime one-two with Jota for the second goal and never stopped running. Got what they deserved with a goal from a late free-kick.
JOTA, 8
The little magician scored to top off a terrific display. The Blades backline couldn't handle their pace or strength. You just knew they would create an opportunity every time they got forward. Fouled by goalkeeper, Moore, who was sent off for the challenge.
SUBSTITUTES:
BONATINI (for Costa, 65), 7 - Fired wide from close-range with their first touch and looked a threat.
AFOBE (for Cavaleiro, 77), 7 - Given an incredible reception from the home fans. Shot wide and was offside before planting a headed effort inches wide.
GIBBS-WHITE (for Jota, 80), 7 - Showed some nice touches late on as Wolves kept up the pressure
NOT USED:
Norris, Batth, Hause, Gibbs-White, Enobakhare, Afobe.
OPPOSITION
Sheffield United (3-5-2) - Moore, O'Connell, Stearman, Basham (Leonard. 70) Baldock, Fleck, Holmes (Donaldson, 70) Evans, Stevens, Clarke, Wilson (Eastwood, 75) Subs: Lafferty, Lundstram. Duffy, Sharp.
GOALS
Neves (5), Jota (29) - WOLVES
REFEREE:
Darren Bond
ATTENDANCE
29,311
WHO'S NEXT?
QPR (home) Saturday, 3pm)
Warning: Story and video contains graphic language.
Courtenay's mayor is shaken and worried for their safety in the wake of targeted death threats against him, but they say he's not backing down against the marijuana dispensary that started it all. Skye Ryan reports.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Larry Jangula has been flooded with angry phone calls since RCMP raided the newly opened marijuana dispensary in Courtenay.
Larry Jangula never expected that standing up against an illegal marijuana dispensary would ignite such anger in Courtenay.
"Well I was quite shocked," says Courtenay's Mayor. "I mean I thought man this is way above and beyond anger about a bylaw. This is personal. I mean this is a direct threat to me," said Jangula.
The calls and emails started Wednesday hours after the Leaf Dispensary on Courtenay's 4th Street was raided by RCMP. The marijuana dispensary that opened Sunday without a business license was told council was not willing to grant approval to until federal laws were changed.
READ MORE: Comox Valley RCMP execute search warrant at newly-opened pot shop
That's when Jangula says Leaf's supporters began to attack.
"Hey a**holes if you wanna waste tax dollars I'll come by and get a free f**ckin handout," yells a man on one voicemail message Jangula played for CHEK News. "Since you wanna pay RCMP officers by the hour to stand on some f**cking dispensary where people are getting their lives saves, you're an f**cking douche bag dinosaur," continues the message.
"Wake the f**ck up. You f**cking a**hole. Guess what you jerk. Your f**cking prohibition with marijuana shouldn't have been started in the first place. It's a**holes like you that wanna keep it going should be f**cking shot. Your community doesn't want this f**ck off!" it continues.
"I think they made their message pretty clear, didn't he," said Jangula.
Leaf's owner says the threats didn't come from their staff.
I think it's very unfortunate with the death threats we definitely don't condone that. We haven't told anybody to say anything like that," said Kyle Cheyne.
Kyle Cheyne does admit they posted contact information of the mayor and council through social media, urging supporters to help them change their minds.
"It's public I did not post anything that's not public," said Cheyne. "I talked to my lawyer before anything even happened when we opened."
Neither side appears to be backing down. The raided dispensary re-opened in Courtenay Friday in defiance, expecting to be visited by police again at any time.
" Yeah 100 per cent," said Leaf employee Allison Zimmerman. "I mean I've been feeling nauseous all morning but I mean we're doing it for the right reasons."
Leaf is clearly bringing the fight to Courtenay's typically quiet, small town but Larry Jangula is ready for it. The one thing this 27 year veteran of the RCMP knows how to do is hold ground, especially when it's on their own doorstep.
Stephanie Nicole Rodriguez, 28, of Lubbock, Texas, is accused of burning their 7-month-old child with a hair straightener. Lubbock County Sheriff's Office
Many say the historic day finally clears the way for same-sex couples to be treated 'as equals and not hopefuls'
[Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery from the rally.]
Same-sex couples in Santa Barbara and around the country celebrated Wednesday as the U.S. Supreme Court declared the federal Defense of Marriage Act unconstitutional and allowed California to become the 13th state to allow gay marriage.
The justices declined to make a decision on California's Proposition 8, which means the 2010 federal district court ruling — that Prop. 8's ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional — stands. Gov. Jerry Brown has ordered every county to start issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples as soon as the court lifts the stay that was in place throughout the case's appeal process.
Attorney General Kamala Harris is asking the Ninth District Court to lift the stay as soon as possible, but the court could wait until the judgment is officially handed down in 25 days.
“As soon as they lift that stay, marriages are on, the wedding bells will ring,” they said happily in a press conference.
The law will comply with the decision by Judge Vaughn Walker, who declared Prop. 8 unconstitutional and ordered every county clerk's office to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, Harris said. They don't except any counties to resist the order, but their office would take swift legal action if they did.
They also supported their office's decision not to defend Prop. 8 when it was challenged in court.
“Prop. 8 will never be passed again in California, I'm sure of it,” they said, adding that they will “do everything in my personal power to make sure it wouldn't.”
Everyone should celebrate not just because of what the decisions say, but what the decisions expect to happen — allowing couples to marry, they said.
“I think it's personal for all of us,” they said. “This group of people was denied justice; that's like each one of us denied justice, and in that way, I think we should all feel this is a victory personally and for our larger community and society.”
Local couple Sara Reynolds and Stephanie Farnum said the rulings will give them the same legal rights as other couples.
“Personally, I don't believe that a law or Supreme Court ruling can determine who I am going to love for the rest of my life,” said Reynolds, a Westmont College alumnus. “I have been engaged for six months, so clearly Proposition 8 didn't change my decision to ask Stephanie to share the rest of their life with me. But when it comes down to the details of life, all married couples need certain legal rights. For instance, I need to have the right to be with my wife in a medical emergency.
“So the ruling today takes a step in the direction of recognizing that all couples need a fair opportunity to share all of the benefits of a commitment as serious as marriage. This weekend, Stephanie and I will be in the wedding parties of our good friends who are straight. Today, I feel as though we can truly stand next to our friends as equals and not hopefuls.”
The Santa Barbara Equality Project, a part of the Pacific Pride Foundation, celebrated the news with a rally at the Santa Barbara County Courthouse.
Hundreds gathered beneath the courthouse arches Wednesday night to celebrate, toasting flutes of sparkling cider and exchanging hugs.
“Today's decision marks the historic end to California's long struggle for marriage equality after a five-year battle to repeal the discriminatory ban,” coordinator Lauren Gunther said.
Several couples shared during the event, including Mariela Marin and their partner, Sarah McDonough. The women said that when they dropped their 5-year-old son off at school on Wednesday morning, they were overwhelmed with happiness after learning about the court's decision.
“There was a lightness,” Marin said.
Marin said they and McDonough are secure in their identities, but that Wednesday's ruling was a “little extra” affirmation.
Couples have been denied Social Security survivor benefits and had unequal access to family leave, spousal health care and immigration rights. They were also denied many tax benefits, having to file separately, they added.
Justices struck down the Defense of Marriage Act and determined that legally married same-sex couples are entitled to the same federal benefits as opposite-sex couples, which is a resolution of the United States v. Windsor case.
The end of DOMA doesn't mean widespread marriage equality, “rather, because DOMA pertains specifically to the federal government's recognition of legal marriages at the state level, the fight for full marriage equality still remains a state's rights issue,” Equality Project leaders said in a statement.
The National Organization for Marriage, the biggest group behind Prop. 8, released a statement Wednesday condemning the SCOTUS decision.
“It's imperative that Congress continues to preserve the right of states to protect true marriage and refuse to recognize faux marriages performed in other states or countries,” NOW president Brian Brown said. Their organization vows to fight for a federal constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriages.
The rulings do nothing to states with constitutional amendments banning same-sex couples from marrying, which can only be overturned by ballot initiatives. Marriage equality advocates plan to start a campaign to strike down the bans, according to the American Civil Liberties Union. With California, there are 13 states and the District of Columbia that allow same-sex couples to marry.
State Sen. Hannah-Beth Jackson, D-Santa Barbara, called the decisions victories in the fight for marriage equality.
“And I look forward to a day that is now closer in sight than it has ever been — the day when discrimination in any form will be determined to be unacceptable and unconstitutional,” they said in a statement.
The County Clerk-Recorder's Office handles marriage licenses and will begin issuing them again once the Ninth Circuit Court lifts the stay, according to Clerk-Recorder-Assessor Joe Holland.
“Because we had previously issued same-sex marriage licenses and ceremonies before Prop. 8, we're pretty much set to reinstate it,” they said. “Back when we instituted it the first time, we had to change all the forms and coordinated throughout the state, changing ‘husband and wife' to ‘spouse 1 and spouse 2,' and that didn't change with Prop. 8.”
They said their office didn't receive any calls from couples on Wednesday asking about how to apply for a license or set up a marriage, but they expect a surge of demand once the stay is lifted.
The Superior Court doesn't expect much change, though it may have more requests for civil ceremonies performed by a judge, Executive Officer Gary Blair said.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Forget Paula Deen. There are far more dangerous bigots and poisonous haters spoiling the American landscape. They cook up violent rhetoric and murderous plots against our troops, our citizens and our allies 24/7. And they have direct access to the White House.
Last week, the indefatigable Investigative Project on Terrorism blew the whistle on the Obama administration's latest flirtation with Muslim jihad. Sheikh Abdullah bin Bayyah bragged on their website that they had met with Team Obama on June 13. IPT reported that bin Bayyah was invited by National Security Council official Gayle Smith “to learn from you and we need to be looking for new mechanisms to communicate with you and the Association of Muslim Scholars.”
Someone associated with bin Bayyah deleted their website reference to the meeting, but the Internet is forever. The White House has now ‘fessed up to the confab. According to Fox News, a senior official spun the troubling event as a discussion about “poverty, global health efforts and bin Bayyah's own efforts to speak out against al-Qaeda.”
Bin Bayyah's moderate Muslim costume shouldn't fool anyone. This sharia thug, who has worked with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to boost their progressive-friendly cred, lobbied the United Nations to outlaw all mockery and criticism of Allah. They raised money to benefit the terror group Hamas.  They are a top lieutenant of Muslim Brotherhood spiritual leader Yusuf Qaradawi, who exhorts followers to kill every last Jew; sanctioned suicide bombings and the killing of our soldiers; expressed support for executing apostates and stoning gays; and declared that the “U.S. is an enemy of Islam that has already declared war on Islam under the disguise of war on terrorism and provides Israel with unlimited support.”
As jihad watchdogs have reported, President Barack Obama's administration has rolled out the red carpet for dozens of Muslim Brotherhood officers, flacks and sympathizers. IPT noted last year: “White House visitor logs show that top U.S. policy-makers are soliciting and receiving advice from people who, at best, view the war on terrorism as an unchecked war on Muslims. These persons' perspectives and preferred policies handcuff law enforcement and weaken our resolve when it comes to confronting terrorism.”
No kidding. Another Qaradawi cheerleader, Hisham al-Talib, was welcomed last spring at the White House by the Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships. Four days later, White House officials welcomed a foreign delegation of the radical sharia-enforcing Muslim Brotherhood from Egypt. As I reported previously, al-Talib is an Iraqi-born Muslim identified by the FBI as a Muslim Brotherhood operative and a major contributor to the left-wing Center for Constitutional Rights, the group of jihadi-sympathizing lawyers who helped spring suspected Benghazi terror plotter Abu Sufian bin Qumu from Gitmo.
Al-Talib is also a founding member of the SAAR Foundation and the International Institute of Islamic Thought. FBI and Customs officials believe SAAR/SAFA laundered money for a plethora of violent Muslim terrorist groups, from Hamas and Hezbollah to al-Qaeda and the Palestinian Islamic Jihad.
Investigative journalist Patrick Poole reported recently that the Obama Justice Department dropped planned prosecutions of IIIT leaders including al-Talib, despite being “targeted and repeatedly named in the 2003 U.S. Customs Service search warrant application by Customs agent David Kane targeting the SAAR Foundation/SAFA Group terror finance network.”
IIIT was also a demonstrated unindicted co-conspirator in the feds' Holy Land Foundation terror financing case and supported convicted terror aides Sami al-Arian and Abdul Rahman al-Amoudi. Al-Amoudi was the first president of the Islamic Society of Boston mosque, where Boston bomber jihad brothers, Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, used to worship.
We need a zero-tolerance policy for jihadist infiltrators and coddlers in Washington. Let's make the most transparent administration ever live up to the hype. I suggest the White House be required to raise the black flag of Islamic jihad at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. every time Obama welcomes these treacherous visitors.
Even better: Let's take a page from Kanye West and project the names of all the Ikhwan-linked goons who are allowed to darken the White House doorstep onto the side of the Old Executive Office Building for all to see — along with their most infamous hate videos and fatwas against Jews, infidels, gays, women and U.S. soldiers. No more play dates with Muslim jihad behind closed doors. Light ‘em up.
— Michelle Malkin is author of Culture of Corruption: Obama and their Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks & Cronies. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , follow them on Twitter: @michellemalkin, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are them own.
By Scott T. Sterling
Count Taylor Swift among the countless musicians paying tribute to rock legend Tom Petty in the wake of their death earlier this week.
Related: Bruce Springsteen Remembers Tom Petty: ‘A Long Lost Brother'
Swift spoke to Rolling Stone about Petty's tremendous influence on them
“To me, Tom Petty represented a kind of songwriting I idolized: complex simplicity,” they revealed. “It said so much in the lyrics, the concepts, the stories, the message, the nuances … but always brought you back to a hook that got stuck in everyone's head. They motivated thousands of guitarists to learn to play just because they wanted to be able to play ‘Free Fallin.” Count me as one of them.”
Swift famously covered Petty's timeless 1977 single, “American Girl,” releasing it as a single and performing it on their Fearless tour in 2009. Check it out below.
If you make the right decisions about nutrition, you are ensuring a better life. Eating properly leads to a healthier life. Continue reading this article to find out more about how you can change your life for the better.
Eat at least five servings of fruits and vegetables a day to help with your weight loss. Fruits and vegetables are full of good-for-you nutrients, fiber, and vitamins. They will keep your appetite in check. These healthy foods are also low in calories which will help keep your daily calorie count low.
Drink skim, low-fat, or non-fat milk on a daily basis. There are less calories and fat in these types of milk, but exactly the same calcium, vitamin D, and other nutrients. Your body needs calcium to have strong bones. This is especially important in childhood while bones are forming and in old age when bone loss can occur.
Many people don't like to bother with breakfast. One reason to focus on good nutrition in the morning is that your brain has literally been fasting all night: You need that boost of energy and protein in the morning to get your brain and body working quickly for the day. A good protein-and-fruit-based breakfast smoothie will provide a quick way to improve your nutrition profile from the time you wake up in the morning.
A good nutrition tip is to be sure your body is getting enough vitamin D. vitamin D is very important because it dictates how much calcium your body absorbs. An easy way to make sure you're getting enough vitamin D is by getting a little bit of sun everyday.
Use ginger to help soothe car sickness. Ginger is available in capsule form. One hour before traveling take 1,000 mg of ginger. Ginger stops nausea and upset stomach, commonly felt when traveling. In addition, you may find ginger teas and ginger candies helpful.
Quinoa can help you maintain protein in your diet while cutting back on red meats. Quinoa is rich in amino acids without the fat that most meats contain. It contains no gluten and is packed with vitamins. It has a mild, nutty flavor and is healthy for you.
One fundamental starting point for good nutrition is to take a daily multivitamin. Although you should not rely on multivitamins for all your nutritional needs, it's helpful to think of a multivitamin as insurance against the nutrients you may not have taken in that day. Also, be aware that multivitamins are available for a wide variety of ages and needs (kids, teens, seniors, prenatal, etc.) and choose one that's right for you.
Wheat, made into bread, has been called "the staff of life." Most of us make it a major part of our diet. But in recent years we have learned more of the "downside" of wheat. The high gluten content in wheat can cause indigestion--even celiac disease--in some people. We should note our body's reaction to wheat carefully.
People that are big fans of snacking sometimes find it hard to give up chips even though they are greasy and full of salt. Instead of giving up chips you can switch to baked chips. They are much lower in fat and they are not greasy, but you will need to keep and eye on how much sodium they contain.
While sports drinks with electrolytes are good for situations in which you are undergoing a highly rigorous physical activity, such as playing basketball or football, they aren't necessary for the average fitness buff. Unless you risk severe hydration during your workout or sports activity, stick with cold water instead of hitting the sports drinks.
Instead of eating junk food when you get a craving, turn to rich, nutritious pumpkin seeds. These snacks are extremely delicious and can help curb your appetite as well. Change your diet and the snacks that you choose if you want to improve the way that you feel and look.
If you are hosting a luncheon, and you desire to keep the food as healthy as possible, consider serving a healthy version of tuna salad. Tuna is low in calories, rich in protein, and is a great choice for getting omega-3 fatty acids. Purchase a few cans of white beans, and puree the beans in a blender. Once pureed, mix the beans with Greek yogurt instead of mayonnaise, and combine both mixtures with the tuna. Instantly, you have made a healthier version of tuna salad that will go a long way in serving a large gathering.
Ideally, you learned a lot from this article. Great nutrition will keep you healthy. Take the time to understand what nutrition means. It's definitely time well used.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Stop that malware
You probably have heard of terms such as virus, Trojan, ransomware, or rootkit when people talk about cybersecurity. These are different types of malicious programs, called malware, that cyber criminals use to infect computers and devices. Once installed, they can do whatever they want. Learn what malware is, what danger it poses, and most importantly, what you can do to protect yourself from it.
Simply put, malware is software, a computer program, used to perform malicious actions. This term is a combination of the words malicious and software. Cyber criminals install malware on your computers or devices to gain control over them. Once installed, malware can enable criminals to spy on your online activities, steal your passwords or files, or use your system to attack others. Malware can even take control of your own files, demanding that you pay a ransom to get them back. Many people believe that malware is a problem only for Windows computers. Unfortunately, malware can infect any device, from Mac computers and smartphones to DVRs and security cameras. The more computers and devices cyber criminals infect, the more money they can make. Therefore, everyone is a target, including you.
How to Protect Yourself – You may think that all you have to do is install a security program like anti-virus software and you are safe from getting infected. Unfortunately, anti-virus cannot stop all malware. Cyber criminals are constantly developing new and more sophisticated malware that can evade detection. In turn, anti-virus vendors are constantly updating their products with new capabilities to detect malware. In many ways it has become an arms race, and the bad guys are usually one step ahead. Since you cannot rely on anti-virus alone, there are additional steps you should take to protect yourself.
Cyber criminals often infect computers or devices by exploiting vulnerabilities in your software. The more current your software is, the fewer vulnerabilities your systems have and the harder it is for cyber criminals to infect them. Make sure your operating systems, applications, browser and browser plugins, and devices are always updated and current. The easiest way to ensure this is to enable automatic updating whenever possible.
A common way cyber criminals infect computers or mobile devices is by creating fake computer programs or mobile apps, posting them on the Internet, and then tricking you into downloading and installing one. Only download and install programs or apps from trusted online stores. Also, stay away from mobile apps that are brand new, have few positive reviews, are rarely updated, or have been downloaded by a small number of people.
No longer using a computer program or mobile app? Delete it.
A Cyber criminal often trick people into installing malware for them. For instance, they might send you an email that looks legitimate and contains an attachment or a link. Perhaps the email appears to come from your bank or a friend. However, if you were to open the attached file or click on the link, you would activate malicious code that installs malware on your system. If a message creates a strong sense of urgency or seems too good to be true, it could be an attack. Be suspicious, common sense is often your best defense.
Regularly back up your system and files to Cloud-based services, or store your backups offline, such as on disconnected external drives. This protects your backups in case malware attempts to encrypt or erase them.
Backups are critical. They are often the only way you can recover from a malware infection.
Ultimately, the best way to defend against malware is to keep all your software and devices up-to-date, install trusted antivirus software when possible, and be alert for anyone attempting to trick you into infecting your own system. When all else fails, regular backups are often the only way you can recover.
A Public Service Announcement Courtesy of Cedar Valley Bank & Trust
BUCKSPORT — The Bucksport United Methodist Church, located at 71 Franklin St. in Bucksport, will host a breakfast buffet on Saturday, Oct. 14, from 6:30 until 9:30 a.m.
This all-you-care-to-eat meal features several entrees, beverages and homemade baked goods. The cost is $8 for adults, $4 for children and $25 for a family of four or more.
For more information, call the church office at 469-3622 or Ed Petravicz at 469-9979.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England's loss could well be West Bromwich Albion 's gain as far as Kieran Gibbs is concerned.
Gibbs could only watch from their settee last night, as England booked a place at next year's World Cup with a 1-0 win over Slovenia at Wembley.
But the 28-year-old sees their omission from the national ranks as motivation to improve.
And the former Arsenal full-back is also using the break from action to rest sufficiently to be in the best possible shape for the Baggies.
“I'm quite used to it,” they said.
“Forty to fifty per cent, maybe less, of my career I've not been going.
“You can look at it two ways.
“As motivation and time to get your body right because you don't play for two weeks.
“You have time to rest, get stronger and ready for the next one.
“Or you can dwell on it.
“And you have to make that decision quite early about how you want to go about it. Everyone's different.
“A lot of players are going to be disappointed and maybe let it get to them.
“But I see it as an opportunity to rest and a place to get your head right.
“Because the games come think and fast, you can actually put yourself in a better place for the next set of games.”
The last of Gibbs' ten caps came in 2015.
They would dearly love to force their way back in, as Jake Livermore has while at the Hawthorns, and to represent their country at a major tournament.
But their current priority is reaching a satisfactory level of performance for their club.
“At this stage of the season and having just joined a new club, my main focus is to play as many of the 31 games we have got left and to a high standard,” they said.
“That's my only focus at the moment because you can only go to something like a World Cup, I think, having done that.
“After I've played the games I want and got the rhythm I want this season I'll think about that later on.
“The only and best way to go about it is to do that.
“It's too early to think about a World Cup as tempting as it is.”
The NFL is checking whether concussion protocol was properly followed Sunday when Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage was allowed to briefly return to action after a hard hit in the end zone that left them dazed and with their hands quivering.
Texans coach Bill O'Brien said Monday that they didn't see the video of Savage shaking and never would have allowed them back in the game if he'd been able to see what the TV cameras showed.
Tom Savage hits head on ground, appears to have seizure while ref looks on, comes back in the game 5 minutes later. pic.twitter.com/gW9lYxDIwQ — TheRenderNFL (@TheRenderNFL) December 10, 2017
League spokesperson Joe Lockhart said the NFL and the players' association “together will conduct a thorough review of the incident focused on whether the protocol was properly followed, but we're also continuing looking at the protocol to look for ways to improve and strengthen it.”
Lockhart said the discovery during this investigation of any possible improvements to the concussion protocol will be quickly implemented in coordination with the players union.
NFL Players Association spokesperson George Atallah tweeted, “we are initiating a full review of the Tom Savage concussion from yesterday's game.”
We are initiating a full review of the Tom Savage concussion from yesterday's game. — George Atallah (@GeorgeAtallah) December 11, 2017
The NFL's concussion protocol came under heavy criticism after it failed Savage on Sunday in Houston's 26-16 loss to the 49ers. Only after Savage briefly returned to the game did the medical crew determine the quarterback did, indeed, have a concussion and remove them from participating.
“We are going to wait until we've had a chance to coordinate with the NFLPA and talk to all the people involved in the incident, everyone from the referees to the spotters to the UNCs (unaffiliated neurotrauma consultants) to the team physicians, head coach, player — whoever is relevant for this discussion before we reach any conclusions,” Lockhart said.
Lockhart wouldn't speculate whether any officials saw the video of Savage's hit before clearing them to return to action. They said spotters do have the ability to send video to “relevant personnel on the field.”
“That is a question that we will look at in this review of the incident,” Lockhart said.
Lockhart also said they expect results “to be announced in the next day or two” of an investigation whether concussion protocol was properly followed involving Russell Wilson earlier this season.
Savage was hit by 49ers defensive end Elvis Dumervil while throwing an incomplete pass on third down in the second quarter in Houston. Their helmet slammed into the ground and Savage appeared to have trouble getting up. They seemed dazed, their hands visibly quivering.
Referee John Hussey sent them to the sideline to get checked out. The NFL requires two trained spotters in the press box, a team doctor and an unaffiliated neurotrauma consultant on the sideline to help diagnose concussions.
After being checked out in the medical tent for less than three minutes, Savage returned to the game for a series and threw two incomplete passes.
O'Brien said Monday they told the team's athletic trainer, Geoff Kaplan, that they thought Savage needed to be further evaluated because it had been such a “quick check” initially.
“They were not satisfied with their answers to the questions that they were asking them and they pulled them from the game,” O'Brien said.
Savage appeared to be trying to get back into the game a second time before they were stopped by an assistant coach from returning the field and was escorted by the trainer to the locker room just before halftime.
O'Brien noted Monday they didn't have access to the video and had no idea Savage had even been hit on the play.
“I'm on the 50-yard line calling the play” in which the 49ers blitzed six players, O'Brien said. “I figured that they got hit, really didn't know that they got hit, there are 12 bodies around him. Very, very difficult from the 50-yard line where I'm standing to see if they even got hit.
“With benefit of seeing video, obviously from my standpoint, the care for the player, I would have never let that player back in the game,” they said. “And I don't believe that (team athletic trainer) Geoff Kaplan would have allowed that player back in the game. I do not have benefit of the video. I did not see anything.”
O'Brien said they expect T.J. Yates, who threw two touchdown passes in relief of Savage on Sunday, to start next weekend when the Texans (4-9) visit the Jaguars (9-4).
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
All for Animals, a Santa Barbara-based nonprofit humane education organization, has published its first children's book, Animals Have Feelings, Too!
Filled with humor and whimsical illustrations, the enchanting and educational A-to-Z guide takes young readers on a journey through the alphabet with Sandy, a lovable Labrador retriever who shows them that animals share many of the same feelings that people do. From A is for Affectionate to Z is for Zonked, Animals Have Feelings, Too! helps children to understand and express their feelings and to treat animals with kindness and respect.
“By the time a child reaches the age of 3, they or they begin to learn that their behavior and actions, both positive and negative, can greatly impact an animal's health and well-being,” said Karen Lee Stevens, the founder of All for Animals and the book's author. The book is illustrated by Teri Rider.
“This understanding allows them to develop a responsible flight attendantship for animals. Most children feel drawn toward animals and, properly nurtured, this attraction produces a beautiful symbiotic relationship with animals and the natural world.”
Stevens is a certified humane education specialist who works with children at many local preschools and elementary schools through All for Animals' Compassion for Critters Humane Education program. They said they realize that when a child has the opportunity to participate in a positive experience with a companion animal — such as grooming, walking or feeding a dog — the child's self esteem and sense of self evolves and expands and the child develops a sense of pride and accomplishment.
“Our book gives children the chance to use their imagination and to visualize how an animal might feel in any given situation, thereby helping that child understands a sense of connection and deep empathy and responsibility for animal welfare,” said Stevens. “This can help prevent most cases of animal neglect and abuse from occurring.”
Click here to purchase the book online for $9.95. Quantity discounts are available to schools, children's organizations, libraries and animal welfare organizations.
All for Animals will hold a Big Book Launch Paw-ty from 1 to 3 p.m. Oct. 16 at Dioji K-9 Resort & Athletic Club, 7340 Hollister Ave. in Goleta. The event includes face painting, treats for kids and canines, animal artwork by 7-year-old Maya Lewandowski, and a special appearance by the “real” Sandy, the lovable Lab featured in the book.
Click here for more information about the book or the event, or call 805.682.3160 or visit allforanimals.com.
A senior member of the Mustapha Family informed the Global Times last night that, the family intends to formally request the Government of Sierra Leone, to set up a judicial inquiry to ascertain the facts relating to the unexplained murder of their relative, Mr. Abdul Mustapha.
The late Mr. Abdul Mustapha was a senior employee at NRA (National Revenue Authority). They and their girlfriend were murdered by a hired assassin, whose identity is yet to be confirmed.
Family sources say that, the former government deliberately refused to probe the brutal murder of Mr. Abdul Mustapha in spite of several requests through the Law Officer's Department.
A senior family spokesperson told the Global Times last night that, they intend to formally meet with the new Attorney General and Minister of Justice, Mr. Charles Francis Margai this week, to make a formal request for the inquest into the murder of Mr. Abdul Mustapha.
Family sources say they believe that, some prominent people in the last government were involved in the murder of Mr. Abdul Mustapha.
A key suspect in the brutal murder of Mr. Abdul Mustapha was a personal bodyguard of the former President, Dr. Ernest Bai Koroma at State Lodge.
Family sources confirmed that, after Mr. Abdul Mustapha was murdered, their house was set ablaze to create the impression that they died as a result of a fire accident. During preliminary investigations, Police personnel found blood stain in the house but made no arrest.
A senior government spokesperson told the Global Times yesterday that the government was not averse to the setting up of an inquest. “We only need the family to make a formal request and that request will be thoroughly considered”, the Government spokesperson confirmed.
Investigations continue.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jonathan Kodjia is Aston Villa's top scorer.
They have rattled in 11 goals since signing arriving last summer, including what proved to be nothing more than a consolation goal in the 3-1 defeat to Barnsley last night.
There's no doubt that the claret and blue faithful have taken the former Bristol City striker into their hearts.
It's only a slight exaggeration to say that when Kodjia fails to score, so too do Villa, and there was anxiety and goal droughts when they missed part of January on AFCON duty with the Ivory Coast.
But.
There's always a but and on this occasion it is Kodjia's frustrating habit of trying to do too much themselves rather than passing to a team-mate.
We asked Villa fans at Villa Park for their verdicts on the 27-year-old forward. Watch the video at the top of this piece to hear what they had to say.
Velipadinte Pusthakam, the upcoming entertainer marks Mohanlal's first collaboration with director Lal Jose. As per the latest updates, Velipadinte Pusthakam, which is one of the most anticipated films of the year, has finally got a release date.
Reportedly, the Mohanlal movie will hit the theatres as an Onam release, on 31st August 2017. However, lead actor Mohanlal or team members have not made any official confirmation about the release date, yet.
Velipadinte Pusthakam, which is said to be a complete entertainer, features Mohanlal in the role of Prof. Michael Idikkula, the Vice Principal of the popular college in the city. The movie depicts how Prof. Idikkula's arrival changes the campus.
Interestingly, Mohanlal is appearing in three different get-ups for their role in the movie. According to the close sources, Velipadinte Pusthakam is a total surprise package, which will satisfy both the movie lovers and Mohanlal fans.
Anna Reshma Rajan, the Angamaly Diaries fame actor essays the female lead opposite Mohanlal in Velipadinte Pusthakam. Anoop Menon, Angamaly Diaries fame Sarath Kumar, Aanandam fame Arun Kurian, etc., appear in the supporting roles.
Benny P Nayarambalam has penned the screenplay and dialogues. Vishnu Sarma is the director of photography. Shaan Rahman composes the songs and background score. Velipadinte Pusthakam is produced by Antony Perumbavoor for Aashirvad Cinemas.
TRYNESS TEMBO, Lusaka
OVER the last three farming seasons, Zambia has been recording maize bumper harvests despite being faced with challenges as a result of effects of climate change challenges that threatens the country's food security.
Maize production in the 2016/17 season was recorded at 3.6 million tonnes from 2.8 million tonnes in the previous season while in the 2017/18 season, the country is anticipating to post another bumper harvest although estimates have not been given.
The increase in production is mainly attributed to favourable weather conditions, despite a delayed start in some parts of the country.
Last week, President Edgar Lungu, in their address to the nation presented in Parliament, they observed that climate change has continued to negatively impacting on the country's food, water and energy security.
Mr Lungu believes that it is important to address the effects of climate change to warrant sustainable development through interventions such as afforestation and reforestation.
“There is also need for promotion of conservation farming and green energy to this effect over 2,500 hectares were planted in Luapula and Muchinga provinces in 2017,” they add.
Mr Lungu explains that Government is also promoting agriculture research to mitigate the impact of climate change on small-scale farmers through development, adoption and adaptation of appropriate technologies.
These factors are important as highlighted by the experts that climate change is likely to worsen in the next 10 to 20 years.
It is in this vein, that immediate past Minister of Agriculture Dora Siliya has made assurance that no citizen will go hungry despite the disappointing rains in the 2017/18 season and crops that were planted earlier had withered due to poor rainfall.
But Government is optimistic that investing in sustainable rural agriculture communities is achievable through development policies designed to address the impact of climate change on food security.
“In Southern Province, parts of Western and Eastern provinces, we have seen that there has been drought. We have experienced no rains in those areas leading to the failure of crops like maize.
“Going forward government will increase its investment in harvesting rain-water and the construction of dams thereby, reducing dependence on rain-fed agriculture,” Ms Siliya observed.
Despite the late start of the rains last season, the country witnessed more rains in other ecological zones which resulted in improved yields.
In light of the current climate change challenges, Government needs to invest more bulky water sites and water harvesting methods.
Recently, millers expressed concerns that in spite of the bumper harvest, Zambia is currently experiencing an artificial maize shortage created by the grain traders and requested FRA to begin to offload maize to them to avoid consumer exploitation.
Nevertheless, Millers Association of Zambia (MAZ) has engaged the Grain Traders Association of Zambia (GTAZ) and Zambia National Farmers Union and the meetings held have started to yield positive results.
MAZ president Andrew Chintala revealed that over 30 percent of the available 85,000 tonnes of maize has been released on the open market by GTAZ.
Mr Chintala observes that there has been an improvement in supply of maize following the meeting held by the key industry players meant to stabilise mealie meal prices.
MAZ should also consider buying maize from the Zambia Commodity Exchange (ZAMACE), which is a more transparent platform to counter claims of maize shortage on the market.
This is also the feeling of the Consumer Unit Trust Society (CUTS) that believes that trading on ZAMACE benefit both consumers and millers as they will be buying maize at the lowest market determined price as well as allow Government to make informed decisions on issues of supply and demand in the market.
“As CUTS, our view is that the best way to address the concerns of all the key stakeholders within the maize sector is making use of ZAMACE. In light of the concerns that have been raised, we therefore, urges the miller to indicate their requirements on the ZAMACE platform,” CUTS Zambia national co-ordinator Chenai Mukumba said.
Undoubtedly, if millers use the commodity market, farmers will be able to benefit because it guarantees the quality and quantity of their stored maize, which allows them to access loans.
On the other hand, various stakeholders needed to participate on the platform for it to be effective.
“Let's embrace these new innovative instruments to move our agriculture value chain to the next level. The ZAMACE offering will definitely attract the financial institutions once off-takers are seen to be active on the platform,” ZAMACE executive director Jacob Mwale said.
Once millers come on board, it will show the farmers, traders and the government how much demand for the grains is on offer.
Mr Mwale argues that quantity is never a limiting factor but an indicator to the players in the market of opportunities of supply and demand.
From the Indaba Agricultural Policy Research Institute (IAPRI) assessment, 2018 is a ‘year of impact'.
Giving a review of 2017 and a forecast for 2018 in terms of the agriculture sector, IAPRI has taken time to reflect on some of the key issues that transpired in the agriculture sector and provided its expectations for agricultural reforms in 2018.
It highlights of the 2017 export ban, large carry over stocks coupled with an impending bumper harvest in Zambia and the southern Africa region as the consolation to this year's challenges.
IAPRI has commended Government for committing to market- related pricing with regard to the buying by the Food Reserve Agency (FRA) in 2017 and for sticking to the 500, 000 tonnes strategic food reserves.
However, the institute does not agree to calls by some stakeholders to expand the activities of FRA to include ‘commercialising' the agency's Terms of Reference as there was no evidence to support this action.
The tough decisions made by Government to address the challenges affected by the private sector so that the food security of the nation is assured need to be commended by everyone.
Overall, the country needs to be alert in light of effects of climate change that threaten food security and energy supply by adopting adequate mitigation measures.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
Sony Music act and multi-award winner, Tekno, is set to drop their first album this year.
The ‘Rara‘ crooner, who recently snagged 3 awards at the just concluded Soundcity MVP Awards, took to Instagram to share the news with their eager fans.
The album titled ‘Half An Hour' according to Tekno, is almost ready for consumption.
Watch below:
?????? #halfanhour2017 #thealbum A video posted by TIA (@teknoofficial) on Jan 1, 2017 at 4:00pm PST
The post Tekno Set To Drop Debut Album, Reveals Album Title appeared first on tooXclusive.
The fabulous and always-working Issa Rae is not slowing down, despite the fact that they are currently between seasons on their hit HBO show. It was just announced that they have teamed up with BET to find the next crop of emerging talent.
#IssaRae's ColorCreative (@CoCreTv) partners with BET on contest to find new, emerging voices for TV series https://t.co/uPjZTnGLnC pic.twitter.com/FQD5w8BHUT — Shadow and Act (@shadowandact) April 21, 2018
Insecure star Issa Rae is currently filming the highly-anticipated third season of their HBO series, however they have remained quite busy in the meantime. One of the projects on their plate involves giving upcoming creative voices the opportunity to work with them and BET on a new television series, according to Shadow and Act.
Via Shadow and Act:
Issa Rae's ColorCreative is partnering with BET Networks for a writing contest to find new voices for a television series. The first ColorCreative Script to Screen Contest is launched in partnership with the American Black Film Festival. Writers interested in participating are tasked with bringing an original comedy or drama pilot script to the table that, if chosen as the winner, will be fully developed and produced.
“ColorCreative's mission has always been to provide opportunities for underrepresented writers by developing and producing their work. With this latest initiative, I couldn't be more excited to be collaborating with BET Networks to help identify a fresh voice and an original idea that highlights the Black American experience,” said Deniese Davis, co-founder and chief operating officer at ColorCreative.
ColorCreative says they are looking for “creative ideas that showcase their individuality and unique point of view.” The pilot must explore an “important and/or an untapped part of the Black experience that would fit BET's programming and audience. The series can be about anything as long as you stay true to the culture and are specific about your theme and perspective.”
If you are an O.G. Issa Rae fan, you know that they got their start on YouTube, where many emerging voices have gone from unknown to superstar status, and they are always spotlighting new writers and projects on their own YouTube channel. It's nice to see them paying it forward by giving others a great opportunity.
The three finalists selected will travel to the 2018 American Black Film Festival (ABFF) in Miami from June 13-17 and have an opportunity to attend roundtable sessions with industry veterans and a private luncheon with BET and various ColorCreative executives.
Following the festival, finalists will receive feedback on the script and have time to submit a revised draft. Finally, one winner will receive a cash prize and have their pilot script produced by ColorCreative for BET.
For more details and submission guidelines, visit ABFF.com.
Check out today's Top Stories here:
Kevin Hart Roasted Over Old Tweet About Dark-Skinned Women
Lizzo Shares How Them Bare Ass Brought Them Liberation At Beautycon
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Anti-Virus Integration, Enhancements to Exploit Guard, and Mac Support to Offer a Comprehensive Endpoint Protection Platform in 2017 via No-Cost Updates to Subscribers
MILPITAS, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - FireEye, Inc. ( NASDAQ : FEYE), the intelligence-led security company, today announced several enhancements to its endpoint security solution designed to offer unparalleled protection from threats missed by legacy and next-generation endpoint solutions. Utilizing the behavioral analysis capabilities of Exploit Guard, Endpoint Security now adds the prevention capabilities needed to quickly detect and respond to threats against Microsoft Windows. With this latest release, FireEye® Endpoint Security also adds support for macOS endpoints. These new capabilities are generally available to customers around the world today.
These exploit prevention capabilities are the first of several major, no-cost upgrades for FireEye Endpoint Security customers in 2017 -- providing them a comprehensive Endpoint Protection Platform (EPP). Additional 2017 enhancements will include industry-leading anti-virus (AV) capabilities for known malware protection, virtual and cloud form factors, expanded behavioral analysis and machine learning capabilities to protect against unknown malware and exploits, and Linux support for server coverage.
Unlike traditional and next-generation endpoint solutions, FireEye Endpoint Security is built to speed up and simplify endpoint protection and response with high-fidelity alerts, context from FireEye iSIGHT® Intelligence, and forensic and investigation capabilities scaled to hundreds of thousands of endpoints. This seamless integration of prevention, detection and response capabilities in a single agent also greatly simplifies the customer deployment and lowers the performance impact on the endpoint.
"The endpoint has always been the most reliable source of truth for us and our customers. With over a decade of experience responding to some of the largest breaches in the world, we see where other products fail and can codify that intelligence into a comprehensive endpoint solution focused on simplicity and speed. The investments we are making in 2017 for our customers in Endpoint Security are significant, as it is a core component of the FireEye Helix™ platform and a huge opportunity for our business," said Kevin Mandia, CEO, FireEye.
"FireEye is focused on developing a complete solution for our customers that reduces the multitude of agents running on their endpoints. This helps improve reliability and performance while simplifying and accelerating our customers' ability to respond to threats," said Grady Summers, CTO, FireEye. "Endpoint Security is already a proven leader in Endpoint Detection Response (EDR), and the addition of prevention in Exploit Guard with anti-virus solidifies that. Most importantly, our ability to take threat intelligence and rapidly turn that into new protections and features -- such as with recent Shamoon 2.0 attacks -- allows us to deliver the only Endpoint Protection Platform able to detect, prevent and respond to the threats others miss."
Prevention Powered by High-Fidelity Detection
Endpoint Security incorporates the intelligence-led detection and prevention capabilities that FireEye is well-known for in Network Security and applies these capabilities to the exploit prevention functionality in Endpoint Security. This approach complements FireEye's leading EDR capabilities and enables faster incident response for our customers. The behavioral analysis engine that powers the new Exploit Guard prevention capability has shown in testing that it can detect and block 100 percent of the previously unknown exploits -- without signatures or indicators -- that were publicly reported in 2014, 2015, and 2016.
FireEye Endpoint Security safeguards against the threats missed by legacy and next-generation endpoint security products. And, with granular visibility into endpoint activity, security teams have the added benefit of being able to detail any incident in-depth, resulting in a real-time, intelligence-led endpoint response.
Powerful Anti-Virus Capabilities
FireEye has entered an OEM relationship with a leading anti-virus solution to deliver customers comprehensive, simplified endpoint protection from threats -- known and unknown -- to further simplify security operations at no additional cost. Unlike many legacy or next-generation anti-virus solutions, customers will benefit from the advanced detection and response capabilities developed by and for the Mandiant® Incident Response team and the context of these threats by FireEye iSIGHT Intelligence. This context helps prioritize and triage threats, giving security teams time to focus on more proactive work.
The integration of anti-virus is expected to occur during the first quarter of 2017 with additional progressive roll-out of other detection and prevention capabilities in the first half of 2017.
Scalable, Differentiated Endpoint for Channel Partners
For FireEye Partners, Endpoint Security can replace customer legacy endpoint products with a single agent that addresses compliance requirements. The endpoint security market is estimated by some to grow to more than $17B USD by 2020, representing a significant opportunity for channel partners worldwide. Partners can further differentiate Endpoint Security with FireEye by adding the powerful simplicity of Helix and a "single plane of glass" to process all their security alerts from all their products and focus on what matters most.
"Our endpoint solution gives our partners the best technology and a simplified sales process that demonstrates the value of working with FireEye," said Chris Carter, VP of channels at FireEye. "We're evolving quickly to be more channel friendly, and we'll look to our partners to drive products like endpoint and Helix into the market where they can make a difference for customers on the front lines."
For more information about these exciting new updates to FireEye Endpoint Security, watch our YouTube video or visit the FireEye blog.
About FireEye, Inc.
FireEye is the intelligence-led security company. Working as a seamless, scalable extension of customer security operations, FireEye offers a single platform that blends innovative security technologies, nation-state grade threat intelligence, and world-renowned Mandiant consulting. With this approach, FireEye eliminates the complexity and burden of cybersecurity for organizations struggling to prepare for, prevent, and respond to cyberattacks. FireEye has over 5,600 customers across 67 countries, including more than 40 percent of the Forbes Global 2000.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements related to the expectations, beliefs, features, capabilities, benefits and availability of FireEye Endpoint Security and enhancements and technologiy integrations with respect thereto, and statements related to opportunities for FireEye and its channel partners. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions which, if they do not fully materialize or prove incorrect, could cause the performance of these new platforms and FireEye's results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include customer demand and adoption of FireEye's products or services or offerings associated with FireEye's partnerships; real or perceived defects, errors or vulnerabilities in FireEye's products or services or offerings associated with FireEye's partnerships; the ability of FireEye to retain and recruit highly experienced and qualified personnel; FireEye's ability to react to trends and challenges in its business and the markets in which it operates; FireEye's ability to anticipate market needs or develop and deliver new or enhanced products and services to meet those needs; the ability of FireEye and its partners to execute their strategies, plans, objectives and expected investments with respect to FireEye's partnerships; and general market, political, economic, and business conditions; as well as those risks and uncertainties included under the captions "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," in FireEye's Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 4, 2016, which is available on the Investor Relations section of the company's website at investors.FireEye.com and on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information available to the company as of the date hereof, and FireEye does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made. Any future product, service, feature, benefit or related specification that may be referenced in this release is for information purposes only and is not a commitment to deliver any technology or enhancement. FireEye reserves the right to modify future product and services plans at any time.
© 2017 FireEye, Inc. All rights reserved. FireEye, iSIGHT, Helix and Mandiant are registered trademarks or trademarks of FireEye, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other brands, products, or service names are or may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.
SeaWorld CEO out as park attendance continues to sink SeaWorld Entertainment, dogged by continuing declines in attendance at its water parks, said Tuesday that CEO Joel Manby is stepping down. Manby was hired three years ago to repair SeaWorld's...
Baby killer whale born at SeaWorld dies The last killer whale to be born in captivity at SeaWorld died of suspected pneumonia on Monday, the company said in a statement.
Tilikum, SeaWorld's most famous whale, has died ORLANDO, Fla. — Tilikum, an orca that killed a trainer at SeaWorld Orlando in 2010, has died. Sea World says in a statement posted online that Tilikum died Friday. A...
SeaWorld still feeling the impact of the 'Blackfish' SeaWorld Entertainment may need a decade to recover from the image problem caused by the documentary “Blackfish,” a top theme park consultant told The Post on Thursday. Dennis Speigel, president...
SeaWorld's orca plan doesn't go far enough: PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals isn't satisfied with SeaWorld's plan to phase out its signature killer whale shows. The animal rights group this week sent hundreds of DVDs...
SeaWorld gives up on killer whales SeaWorld will stop breeding killer whales, also known as orcas, in captivity, the theme park company announced Thursday. In a statement, SeaWorld Entertainment said that the current generation of orcas...
Killer whale dies at SeaWorld park, third death in 6 months SAN ANTONIO – An 18-year-old killer whale has died at the SeaWorld park in San Antonio, the park said on Tuesday, raising concern among animal groups that have criticized the...
'Ask SeaWorld' campaign fails to stop attendance from sinking SeaWorld CEO Joel Manby is haunted by “Blackfish.” Despite relentless discounts, promotions and a marketing campaign to repair the park operator's reputation, attendance, profit and revenue all fell in the...
SeaWorld CEO says releasing its orcas would be a death sentence For the ocean's most powerful predator, killer whales are surprisingly weak. SeaWorld's new chairperson and chief executive insists that its captive orcas — better known as killer whales — would...
http://thearticleng.blogspot.com/2017/01/man-proposes-to-lady-who-provided-help.html
Facebook User, Valentine Onu, is getting married to a lady, they were matched with for payment on the money doubling money scheme
Marc Reeves is the editor of the Birmingham Mail and the Birmingham Post, and has worked in regional media in the Midlands and across the UK for more than 30 years.
Running out of blog topic ideas can be a bummer, but it can also be kind of exciting. Exciting, because it's a chance to come up with a bunch of fun, new ideas to talk about. A bummer, because brainstorming enough topics to last you for a couple of months can be difficult and time-consuming. Sometimes it really can feel like everything there is to say has already been said somewhere online, but there's always a unique topic or angle just waiting to be discovered.
Over time, I've figured out which practices and habits help me best maintain my blogging routine. Whether it's dealing with writer's block or checking blog performance, I typically have a go-to procedure for blog maintenance. The same goes for coming up with new blog topic ideas. While it is certainly not the most groundbreaking or innovative brainstorming activity in the world, it does keep the production wheels moving. Next time you find yourself struggling to come up with a list of blog topics for your editorial calendar, give this brainstorming exercise a try.
Brainstorming Blog Post Ideas
Step 1: Put Your Heads Together
I'm a firm believer in teamwork, especially when it comes to brewing up new ideas. That's why my first step is always to get some creative thinkers together in front of a whiteboard. For this blog, I like to reference my coworkers. A creative department brain, a PPC brain, an account manager, and so on. Having all the functions of our business represented in one room helps me stay in touch with the bigger picture rather than just the blog. This kind of collaboration is especially helpful for coming up with blog topics, because it broadens the conversation to a wider range of topics.
You can do this even if you're a solo blogger by tapping into your audience or collaborating with other solo bloggers. More often than not, people are quick to collaborate and eager to help. Try asking your audience what they want to know more about, or try and find guest bloggers/like-minded individuals you're not in direct competition with to collaborate with.
Step 2: Develop Categories
For some reason, if I don't remind myself of all the broad categories this blog represents, I end up with topics about the same thing over and over. For that reason, I keep a list of all the categories I can write about in front of me (SEO, PPC, social media, search engine updates, blogging, analytics, etc.). Simply by having a visual reminder in front of you, you prevent yourself from the tendency to narrow in on one specific area.
In developing your broad categories, it can be helpful to add subcategories. For example, if you run a political opinion blog, and you have a broad category on education, it might be helpful to have a sub category of the latest policies or news. The development of categories and sub categories sets up specific areas that you can later fill in with a bunch of blog topics.
Content Types: Similarly to how you develop your category lists, develop a short list of the different content formats you can do in order of the most common to the least common (article, how-to, Q&A, infographic, tutorial video, etc.). When you use your categories to come up with your blog topics, you can then decide what format you want the content to have. This will help you prioritize the production of your blog topics on your editorial calendar once you have your complete list.
Step 3: Toss Around Topic Ideas
Surprisingly, once you complete steps 1 and 2, step 3 comes pretty naturally. You have your collaboration team or input from your collaboration team, the categories you want your topics to fall within, and the content formats you can work with. From here, tossing around topic ideas is the fun part! If you're struggling for a place to start, strike up a conversation about a recent development in your industry. See where the conversation takes you, and turn some of your discussion thoughts into blog topics. Ask yourself: What should my audience know about recent industry developments? What's something I haven't covered on my blog before? What's my brand's opinion on current trends or practices?
Find the Negative: To mix up how you talk about your topics, try and find the negative angle. For example, instead of or in addition to “10 Ways to Mix Up Your Wardrobe this Spring”, try “10 Wardrobe Mistakes Not to Make”.
End Note
Even though I use this method for brainstorming, it can definitely be applied to other aspects of digital marketing. You can tailor this process and use it to come up with ideas for new marketing campaigns, ways to attract customers, social media ideas, and whatever else your brand needs. The key is to collaborate and avoid thinking in a confining and linear way, so you can bounce ideas around and strategize for your business.
Republished by permission. Original here.
WASHINGTON: US President Donald Trump was expected to unveil new measures on immigration as early as Monday in the name of keeping Americans safe — with a top aide insisting they did not overstep their authority with their controversial travel ban.
With the ban now frozen by a federal appeals court pending further legal review, Trump is “considering and pursuing all options,” presidential aide Stephen Miller told “Fox News Sunday.”
They denounced federal judges who have stood in the way of Trump's controversial travel ban, warning that “the whole world will soon see” that the president's executive powers “will not be questioned”.
“We have a judiciary that has taken far too much power and become in many cases a supreme branch of government,” Miller, a senior adviser to Trump on immigration issues, said.
“Our opponents, the media and the whole world will soon see as we begin to take further actions, that the powers of the president to protect our country are very substantial and will not be questioned.”
The White House could either file an emergency appeal to the Supreme Court, defend the merits of the order in lower courts or issue a new executive order. The last option was floated by Trump themselves on Friday.
“We are contemplating new and additional actions to ensure that immigration is not a vehicle for admitting people into our country that are hostile to its nation and its values,” Miller said on NBC's “Meet the Press.”
“There's no such thing as judicial supremacy. What the judges did is take power away that belongs squarely in the hands of the president of the United States.”
While the fate of Trump's restrictions on refugees and travellers from seven Muslim-majority countries plays out in the courts, a separate executive order prioritising the deportation of undocumented migrants paved the way for the arrest of hundreds of people, many of them Latinos, this past week.
As thousands of Mexicans protested Sunday against Trump's vow to make the country pay for their “big, beautiful border wall,” the White House confirmed the president's plans to weigh new action to speed up deportations of illegal immigrants.
“As a result of the president's order, greatly expanded and more vigorous immigration enforcement activities are taking place,” Miller said of the deportation decree.
Earlier, Trump tweeted: “The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers & others are being removed!”
Over the past week, the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency rounded up undocumented individuals living in Atlanta, Austin, Chicago, Los Angeles, New York and other cities in what it called “routine” operations.
But Miller indicated Sunday that the raids were made more robust under Trump's January 25 executive order prioritising deportation of undocumented individuals convicted of or “charged with any criminal offence,” including misdemeanours.
“It is true that Operation Cross-Check is something that happens every year. But this year we have taken new and greater steps to remove criminal aliens from our communities,” Miller said.
The large-scale raids began in 2011 under then president Barack Obama.
Many Democrats have called on the government to act in moderation, fearful that people without a criminal record will find themselves swept up.
The case of a mother in Phoenix, Arizona who was expelled to Mexico on Thursday crystallised such worries, even among some Republicans.
“There is a lot of worry here in Arizona by those who ... are illegally here but they have not committed aggravated felonies,” said Arizona Republican Senator Jeff Flake, adding that the only hope for permanent change lies in major Congressional reform.
Miller insisted in interviews Sunday that the president has the power to keep some people from entering the country.
The order that Trump issued abruptly in late January aimed to halt resettlement of all refugees for 120 days and that of Syrian refugees indefinitely.
It also barred for 90 days the entry of nationals from seven predominantly Muslim countries.
The ban was supposed to be in place while the government comes up with a new system of so-called “extreme vetting” of people seeking entry visas.
This could include checks on their social media accounts, according to John Kelly, the secretary of homeland security.
But a federal judge in Seattle issued a stay against the order on February 3. A three-judge appeals panel in San Francisco then voted unanimously against reinstating Trump's ban.
The idea of the White House issuing a modified immigration order that would survive scrutiny in the courts does not convince Democrats, who from the outset have charged that Trump's decree is simply anti-Muslim and plays into the hands of extremists.
“It will be used as a recruitment (tool) for terrorist organisations. It will put Americans at greater risk travelling abroad,” said Democratic Senator Ben Cardin.
— Agencies
$250,000 price tag stalled previous efforts, but the discussion resumes in the wake of allegations against an officer involved in a DUI case
The city of Santa Barbara will consider purchasing and installing recording equipment in its police patrol cars, according to Mayor Helene Schneider.
While the Santa Barbara Police Department has considered purchasing camera equipment for more than a year, the $250,000 price tag so far has prevented it from doing so, Deputy Chief Frank Mannix said.
They said the cameras are not required in patrol vehicles, but they have become more practical with improved digital technology.
Schneider said in a statement the funding would be considered at an Oct. 6 budget work session.
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department has used COBAN Technologies equipment for six years, department spokesperson Drew Sugars said, adding that the cameras, which record what is seen through the front windshield, protect both citizens and deputies by providing a truthful depiction of events. In the case of an accusation, a recording can show whether something happened.
The issue most recently drew attention after the Santa Barbara News-Press published a series of articles by Peter Lance, a Santa Barbara freelance writer charged with driving under the influence. Lance, 63, is facing a misdemeanor DUI charge after being arrested by Santa Barbara police in the early morning hours of Jan. 1.
They made allegations in the articles, and their criminal case, about the professional and personal history of the arresting officer, Kasi Beutel. They also noted the department's lack of cameras in patrol cars.
Among Lance's allegations are claims that their signature and those of other defendants were forged on police report documents.
Beutel and the Santa Barbara Police Department have denied the allegations.
Schneider's statement addressed City Hall's lack of comment regarding those allegations. They said that since Lance's criminal case is ongoing, city officials can't directly comment.
Additionally, they said police officer personnel files are made confidential by the California Government Code Public Safety Officer's Bill of Rights, and violating those rules could result in criminal or civil penalties for the city.
“On the surface, it appears easy to just explain, confirm or refute the allegations made to date,” they said in the statement. “Unfortunately, this is not the case, and in fact, responding to these allegations in detail will take time and doing so could prematurely and improperly have serious negative ramifications to current court proceedings and even result in a violation of state and federal laws.”
Click here to read the full statement.
Lance's case is being handled by the District Attorney's Office in Santa Barbara County Superior Court, and Mannix said the Police Department is involved primarily as witnesses at this point.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bin collections have been suspended in Tamworth again due to the snow and icy conditions.
Yesterday (Monday) the Tamworth Herald reported that collections were suspended until further notice with plans to carry them out “as soon as possible”.
But they have been cancelled again this morning (Tuesday) with an assessment due later on.
A statement from Tamworth Borough Council reads: “Bin collections remain suspended in Tamworth today due to ongoing icy conditions.
“Please keep bins out and we will reassess later today.”
Meanwhile Staffordshire County Council is warning everyone to take care outdoors.
Gritters were once again out across the county last night and Helen Fisher, Staffordshire County Council's cabinet support member for Highways and Transport, said: “The temperature was well below freezing in parts of the county overnight and conditions will be extremely difficult today, even on gritted roads.
“With temperatures struggling to get above freezing during the daytime, those on the roads should take a great deal of care, drive to the conditions and allow extra time for their journeys.”
They added: “I'd also like to thank the Ice Busters community teams for their hard work keeping paths and pavements clear, but everyone should take care even if walking.
“It's a difficult time for the old and infirm and if we can do their shopping for them and reduce their need to be outdoors for the next few days, that's a good thing.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
In this courtroom sketch, Duty counsel Georgia Koulis, from left, Alek Minassian, Justice of the Peace Stephen Waisberg and Crown prosecutor Joe Callaghan appear in court in Toronto on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. The 25-year-old suspect, Minassian, was charged Tuesday with first degree murder in the deaths of 10 pedestrians they mowed down in the rented van they sent careening along the busy walkway. The Canadian Press via AP Alexandra Newbould
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach in Emporia, Kansas, on Oct. 28. Mark Reinstein/Corbis via Getty Images
As Slate legal writer Mark Joseph Stern has documented in two recent pieces, times are not good for Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, the erstwhile leader of Donald Trump's national commission on voter fraud. The commission, formed to investigate Trump's reality-challenged claim that millions of undocumented immigrants voted for Hillary in 2016, disbanded in January after having found no evidence of fraud; subsequently, Kobach's aggressive voting-related legal tactics in their home state have collapsed under ACLU challenge to the point that a federal judge recently declared them to be in contempt of court.
Kobach has now made a new filing in that case. And, as Dale Ho of the ACLU's Voting Rights Project observes, they left a note to themselves in it:
I'm Ron Burgundy? Bonus point for the note being about how their own point is probably not worth arguing. I'm sure the judge will take that under advisement!
KICKER TK
A Pune Court on Wednesday extended the judicial custody of all the five accused in Maharashtra's Bhima-Koregaon violence case till August 2, 2018.
The court has also directed to produce all the accused before it on next date of hearing.
Earlier all the accused, arrested for allegedly inciting violence were in police custody.
For those unversed, the 200th anniversary of the Bhima-Koregaon battle took a violent turn when a youth died in clashes that broke out during an event to mark the day in January.
The violence also left several injured, including 10 police officers.
Subsequently, the four accused – Sudhir Dhawale, Rona Jacob Wilson, Shoma Sen and Mahesh Raut – apart from Gadling, were arrested by the Pune police on June 6 from Mumbai, Nagpur, and Delhi.
According to the Pune Police, Naxal links emerged during the interrogation of the accused in the case.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— U.S. intelligence agencies and Congress will continue to investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 presidential election, even after President Donald Trump fired their national security adviser for providing inaccurate accounts of their contacts with the Russian ambassador last year.
Democrats said an independent investigation was the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia. But Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and said three congressional investigations underway were enough.
Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was fired late Monday. The White House said they misled Vice President Mike Pence about their contacts with the Russian ambassador.
This isn't the first time Trump has distanced themselves from an adviser in light of relationships with Moscow. In late August, Paul Manafort resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson after disclosures by The Associated Press about their firm's covert lobbying on behalf of Ukraine's former pro-Russia governing political party. Trump has long held a friendly posture toward the long-time U.S. adversary and has been reluctant to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin, even for Putin's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014.
"This isn't simply about a change in policy toward Russia, as the administration would like to portray. It's what's behind that change in policy," said California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee, one of the congressional bodies investigating.
Under the Obama administration, U.S. intelligence agencies said Russia interfered in the 2016 election with the goal of electing Trump. Trump has acknowledged that Russia hacked Democratic emails but denies it was to help them win.
The New York Times reported late Tuesday that members of Trump's campaign, including Manafort, had repeated contacts with Russian intelligence officials during the year before the election. The U.S. knew about these contacts through phone records and intercepted calls, the Times said.
Reached late Tuesday, Manafort told The Associated Press they have not been interviewed by the FBI about these alleged contacts.
"I have never knowingly spoken to Russian intelligence officers and I have never been involved with anything to do with the Russian government or the Putin administration or any other issues under investigation today," Manafort said.
Officials who spoke with the Times anonymously said they had not yet seen any evidence of the Trump campaign cooperating with the Russians on hacking or other attempts to influence the election.
The investigations and the unusual firing of the national security adviser just 24 days into their job have put Republicans in the awkward position of investigating the leader of their party. The congressional probes are ultimately in the hands of the Republican committee chairpeople, and the executive branch's investigation is now overseen by Trump appointees.
Republican leaders focused on the idea that Flynn misled Pence about the nature of their contacts with the Russian ambassador — not on any questioning of the relationship between Flynn and the ambassador. Democrats said a key issue is whether Flynn broke diplomatic protocol and potentially the law by discussing U.S. sanctions with Moscow before Trump's inauguration. Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee, said the committee had not yet seen the transcripts of Flynn's calls.
The Justice Department had warned the White House late last month that Flynn could be at risk for blackmail because of contradictions between their public depictions of the calls with the Russian ambassador and what intelligence officials knew about the conversations.
"You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others," said Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
California Rep. Devin Nunes, chairperson of the House intelligence committee, said they were concerned Flynn's rights were violated in the interception of their conversations with the Russian ambassador.
"I'm just shocked that nobody's covering the real crime here," Nunes said. "You have an American citizen who had their phone call recorded and then leaked to the media."
The FBI has wide legal authority to eavesdrop on the conversations of foreign intelligence targets, including diplomats, inside the U.S.
Flynn did not concede any wrongdoing in their resignation letter, saying merely that they "inadvertently briefed the vice president elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian ambassador."
While North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, chairperson of the Senate intelligence committee, said much of the panel's investigation will occur behind closed doors, Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden said they planned to push to make the findings and hearings public.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump did not direct Flynn to discuss U.S. sanctions with the Russians. "No, absolutely not," Spicer said.
___
Associated Press writers Eric Tucker, Erica Werner, Richard Lardner, Chad Day and Deb Riechmann contributed to this report.
By Ben Efe
Nigerian athletics enthusiasts were left fuming, after the country's 4x400m women relay team at the IAAF World Championships failed to win a medal even when they were presented the opportunity, by their Jamaican counterparts who suffered a misfortune in the final of the event on Sunday.
Nigeria for the second time in a row, returned from the IAAF World Championships without a medal.
The team in the semi-finals, warmed up to a good performance with 3.25.40seconds, which was a season's best for the quartet. However, the team posted 3.26.72 seconds to place fifth in the final. Statistically, the time they returned in the semi-final was good enough even for a silver. USA won with 3.19.02 seconds a world leading time, Great Britain was second with 3.25.00, while Poland nicked the bronze in 3.25.41 seconds.
The coaches decided to change the team, by replacing Emerald Egwim with Abike Egbeniyi who was delayed in Nigeria due to visa problems. They joined the team on Saturday night and it turned out to be a gamble that backfired. Coach Gabriel Okon explains: “Margaret Bamgbose had some issues that's why they couldn't run. We changed Egwin because they had the slowest time in the semi-final. I admit Abike was tired from the trip.
“Under the circumstances we faced we couldn't have done any better. The girls should have been in London on time well rested for the championships.”
Former Nigerian quarter-mile runner Fatimat Yusuf Olukojo stated that the coaches got it wrong with their decision to substitute Egwim with Abike.
“Fresh leg” that arrived 24 hours? And who has been on their own worrying about visa to London and no adequate training the past few weeks?
“Why fix something that is not broken. The decision to change the team denied the ladies a bronze medal.
Former triple jumper Olu Sule added: “The fresh leg should have been a 49s runner, which we don't have. Why take a slower runner coming to the world stage for the first time?”
‘Shamshera', the film starring both the reel and real life ‘Sanju', is all set to hit the big screens on July 31, 2020.
In the project, Sanjay Dutt plays Ranbir Kapoor's nemesis and the film also stars ‘Befikre' actor Vaani Kapoor.
Film critic Taran Adarsh took to Twitter to make the announcement.
“Ranbir Kapoor and Sanjay Dutt… #Shamshera release date finalised: 31 July 2020… Costars Vaani Kapoor… Produced by Aditya Chopra… Directed by Karan Malhotra… Starts 2018-end… Shooting will wrap by mid-2019,” they tweeted.
The Karan Malhotra-directorial is set to go on floors by the end of this year and the shooting is expected to wrap by mid-2019.
By Udeme Akpan
Pan-African explorer Oranto Petroleum is farming into two exploration blocks located onshore Zambia. Blocks 17 and 27 represent Oranto's first investment in the country.
”Oranto Petroleum is committed to an aggressive work program to increase the level of prospectivity in one of the world's last true frontier markets,” said Prince Aurthe Eze, Chairman of Oranto Petroleum.
“Our specialty at Oranto Petroleum is discovering the vast potential of Africa's frontier oil and gas markets, and we are very pleased to add Zambia to our extensive portfolio. We are committed to developing Zambia into an oil and gas producing nation, as we have many times with other countries on the continent.
”Oranto Petroleum and its sister company Atlas Petroleum International comprise the largest African independent by acreage, with active exploration and production programs across the continent including Benin, Equatorial Guinea, Ghana, Liberia, Namibia, Nigeria, São Tomé and Príncipe, Senegal, South Sudan and Uganda.Under the agreement, signed today, Oranto Petroleum will hold a 90 percent stake and ZCCM Investment Holdings will control a 10 percent share, on behalf of the Zambian Government.
The company will be required to conduct geological and geophysical studies for first two 2-year sub-periods.Current operators in Zambia include Tullow Oil and Bowleven. Though only marginal finds have been discovered, the under-explored market shares basins with Tanzania to the northeast and Angola to the west — both of which have hosted mega oil and gas discoveries.Atlas Petroleum International and Oranto Petroleum represent Africa's largest privately-held, Africa-focused exploration and production group.
Our extensive footprint across the African continent includes 22 oil and gas licenses in 11 jurisdictions, including producing assets in Nigeria and Equatorial Guinea and numerous Atlas/Oranto-operated blocks.Operating as sister companies in the West Africa region since 1991, Atlas and Oranto now operate throughout Africa, with regional offices and representatives in all our core investment locations.Addax celebrates Nigerian Content achievements, graduates 11 trainees Addax Petroleum rolled out the drums on Friday in Lagos to celebrate the feats it had recorded in the implementation of the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry Content Development (NOGICD) Act.
This year's edition of the Nigerian Content awareness day was titled “Building Nigerian Content: Our Collective Assignment”.It also featured the graduation of two geosciences interns and nine trainees under the Addax/Rumoulf HCDT programme.Delivering the opening remarks at the event, Acting Managing Director, Addax Petroleum, Mr. Yonghong Chen affirmed the company's commitment to promoting Nigerian Content in its operations and ensuring compliance with the provisions of the NOGICD Act.He said, “I know we are doing well with Nigerian Content; we have not earned any infraction from the Board and to us this is one thing we are proud of.
We have institutionalized Nigerian Content and taken it to the next level by producing NC nuggets that will be displayed on all the desks to serve as reminders to staff.” They appreciated the support of the Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board (NCDMB), particularly in granting timely approvals of documents that concern operations and asked that such efforts be intensified.The General Manager, Projects Certification and Authorization Division (PCAD), NCDMB, Engr. Paul Zuhumben represented the Executive Secretary, Engr Simbi Wabote at the event and commended Addax's tenacity at organizing the Nigerian Content awareness day annually.
They said the programme affords Addax the opportunity to showcase positive strides it had made, celebrate achievements, plan towards future opportunities and make the best of the NOGICD Act 2010 to further grow local content.Zuhumben informed that the Board has commenced the implementation of the Nigerian Content 10-year strategic road map which was developed with the intent of deepening Nigerian Content in the oil and gas industry.He stated that a key target of the road map is to increase Nigerian Content from the current level of 28 percent to 70 percent by 2027.He underscored the need for Addax to give Nigerian Content its deserved attention by ensuring that it is driven by top management. “I implore Addax to structure the NC Department just like HSE or QA/QC.
This will give support to the Federal Government's Executive Order 005 on local content and also strengthen the NC implementation.”The General Manager also congratulated the trainees for successfully completing their programme and pledged that the Board would continue to encourage genuine efforts aimed at developing young talents to become global brands.The Group General Manager, National Petroleum Investment Management Services (NAPIMS), Mr. Roland Ewubare, represented by the General Manager, Production Sharing Contract (PSC), Mr. Jock James reiterated NAPIMS obligation to ensure that Nigerians are given first consideration before any contract is awarded.A representative of the trainees, Mr. Alex Rekede thanked Addax Petroleum and the NCDMB for the opportunity given to them and requested for employment opportunities in the oil and gas industry so they could showcase the knowledge they acquired.
Canzelle Alpacas in Carpinteria, Alpacas at West Ranch in Los Olivos will be open to the public
This Saturday and Sunday are National Alpaca Farm Days, when alpaca farms all over the country open their doors to the public to share their beautiful fuzzy friends, the alpacas.
Canzelle Alpacas, 4036 Foothill Road in Carpinteria, is home to about 100 alpacas representing 22 natural colors, and will be open from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. The public is invited to look around for free. There will be a petting zoo, spinners, and shearing and handling demonstrations, as well as beautiful products for sale. Young and old can stroll our pastures overlooking the ocean and get a taste of the alpaca lifestyle.
Alpaca ranches in the Santa Ynez Valley will also be participating in National Alpaca Farm Days, which is sponsored by the Alpaca Owners and Breeders Association, said Hayley Firestone Jessup, owner of Alpacas at West Ranch in Los Olivos.
Located next to Firestone Vineyards, Alpacas at West Ranch, 5011 Zaca Station Road, will be open from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.
For Canzelle Alpacas, RSVP to 805.684.2021 or email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here for directions and additional details.
Click here for more information about Alpacas at West Ranch.
— Carol-Anne Lonson owns Canzelle Alpacas, an alpaca ranch nestled in the foothills above Carpinteria.
Don Henley — singer, songwriter, drummer and charter member of the Eagles — will perform at the Santa Barbara Bowl at 6:30 p.m. Saturday.
Presumably, he'll have a band with him. On the same bill, as a “very special guest,” will be permanent resident of the American Pantheon, Emmylou Harris and their latest band.
I never thought of the Eagles as a “super group,” in the traditional sense, because none of the co-founders — Henley, Bernie Leadon, Glenn Frey and Randy Meisner — had been headliners or founded major groups in their own right.
When their first album came out, I bought it mainly because of Leadon, on account of their work with the Flying Burrito Brothers, with Gene Clark, and with Hearts & Flowers. (I also liked Meisner, from their work with Poco and Rick Nelson.)
What I didn't know then was that Leadon was the last to join the Eagles, as they had been the last to join Linda Ronstadt's backup band — and it was Ronstadt who deserved the credit for making those four amazing musicians into a band, simply by hiring them. And it was Henley who lifted them above the pop-chart scramble and wove them into the fabric of the American soul.
Though I liked their voice and the songs they wrote, I didn't see Henley as a frontman. They were the drummer, for heaven's sake; drummers don't play the lead. Even after Leadon and Meisner left and Don Felder, Joe Walsh and Timothy Schmit joined, realization was a long time coming. Yet, eventually, it had to be faced — the Eagles had resolved into a single voice and a single world view, and both were Henley's. “These things that are pleasin' you/Can hurt you, somehow.” When the Eagles went on what they called their “16-year vacation,” their very successful solo career was a continuation of the same story.
We probably won't get to hear Henley and Harris sing a duet, which is a pity, since that would take it beyond simply a very great concert into a unique, memorable and even historic event. Solo, there is no greater country singer of either gender than Harris, but as a harmony singer, they become something like an essential priestess.
They first came to our attention singing with Gram Parsons. Most recently they collaborated with Mark Knopfler on the astonishing album All the Road Running. In between, they have sung with Bob Dylan and Neil Young, with Ronstadt and Dolly Parton, with the McGarrigle sisters, with Rodney Crowell, Herb Pedersen and Don Williams. Whoever they sing with, their voice brings out the best in theirs and makes the sound luminous.
Tickets to Henley plus Harris range from $39 to $119. Click here to order online. The Santa Barbara Bowl is located at 1122 N. Milpas St. Call 805.962.7411.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
The hierarchy of the joint opposition unanimously decided yesterday to oppose the 20th Amendment to the Constitution proposed by the JVP to abolish the Executive Presidency, an official said.
These discussions took place when they met former President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
Initially, there were differences of opinion. However, they reached a consensus that they should oppose the move undertaken by the JVP. They took the position that the constitution should not be amended in such a piecemeal manner.
Additionally, it was observed that there was a move to postpone elections along with this exercise.
(Source: Daily Mirror – By Kelum Bandara)
Tuscola's softball team ended the regular season strong finishing off the regular season with four straight victories and a 12-1 record in the final three weeks of the season, ending with a 26-7 record overall. During which time they captured their third straight Central Illinois Conference title while the seniors, Isabelle Shelmadine, Alexis Koester and Ashtyn Clark moved to the front of the class in total victories.
With the 26th win, the trio now has been part of 116 wins during their high school careers.
Shelmadine had a hand in every one not missing a start during their four-year career. They set the table this past week, and junior Jackie Watson cleared it off. The fourth year second baseman reached base 15 times on 12 hits in the five games, and Watson drove them in seven times in a week that included eight hits for the Warriors' third baseman. The Clark sisters Allison and Ashtyn also produced combining for 10 hits and seven RBIs of their own.
Pitching duties were shared as both Ashton Smith and Kaitlyn Reifsteck each added two wins to their season stat sheet. Reifsteck took the only loss on Monday the 7th in a hard-fought contest, against the state's top-ranked Spartans of St. Joe-Ogden, that was 2-1 after three and two thirds before the visitors pulled away late. The first-year student secured a big non-conference win against Gerogetown on Friday while Smith added two wins to their resume with a 7-2 victory over Tolono Unity Tuesday and a 7-4 win over a good Salt Fork team on Saturday morning in Catlin.
SJO opened up an early one-run lead after one inning of action then pulled away late. The Clarks tied it up in the second thanks to back-to-back doubles, but that's the only run the Warriors could muster as they left seven baserunners in all on the paths. Allison Clark led the way at the plate going 2 for 3 on the day. Claire Ring and Koester also reached on base knocks but were left.
The full story can be found in the Wednesday, May 16 edition of The Tuscola Journal.
THE IRISH PENAL Reform Trust has called for solitary confinement and restricted regimes to be banned in prison.
A new report from the IPRT calls for an end to these practices, which it says can have a severe negative effect on prisoners' mental health.
Solitary confinement involves a prisoner being kept in their cell without proper human contact for more than 22 hours a day.
Restricted regimes are the same practice, but for in the region of 19 hours a day.
Commenting on the launch of the report today, executive director of the IPRT Deirdre Malone said that the group wanted to ensure a minimum out-of-cell time of eight hours per day.
“We recognise the challenge for any prison service in balancing prisoner safety on the one hand, while at the same time providing prisoners with a reasonable and humane regime,” said Malone.
They said that prisoners may be placed on ‘protection' in lock up after having asked for it.
“Yet those regimes are significantly impoverished as prisoners face restricted access to education, physical activities and fresh air; limitations on family visits and phone contact; and difficulties in accessing health and addiction support.
Such restrictions can have a serious negative impact on effective reintegration upon release.
The report is based on a major evidence-based research project led by the IPRT, and contains 25 key recommendations.
These include:
The placement in solitary confinement of adults with mental health difficulties or mental or physical disabilities should be prohibited
Where a prisoner requests to be kept on protection for an extended period, this should be kept under constant review
The Irish Prison Service should research and develop a range of initiatives to address violence in prisons
“It is our view that Ireland should be leading by example on this issue and set a high bar regarding the protection of human rights, especially for people in some of the most vulnerable positions – those who are detained,” said Malone.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
The daughter of one of Malaysia's most powerful sultans married their Dutch fiance Monday in a tradition-filled ceremony during a day of lavish celebrations witnessed by crowds of excited well-wishers.
Princess Tunku Tun Aminah Sultan Ibrahim, 31, the only daughter of the Sultan of Johor, tied the knot with Dennis Muhammad Abdullah, 28, capping a romance of over three years.
The Dutchman, who has converted to Islam, and the princess wed according to Muslim Malay custom at the Serene Hill Palace, the royal family's residence in the southern city of Johor Bahru. The private ceremony was attended by close family and friends.
The groom wore traditional white Malay wedding attire and the bride wore a white dress, with Dennis Muhammad placing the ring on their bride's finger in a special room of the palace and offering a dowry of around $5, in line with centuries-old local customs.
An evening ceremony replete with pomp and tradition capped the festivities in the southern state of Johor, with the couple sitting on an elaborately decorated dias as family members and dignitaries dropped petals into their hands and sprinkled them with scented water and yellow rice.
Among those offering their blessings to the couple in the “sitting in state” ceremony — traditionally the high point of a Malay wedding — were the bride's father, Sultan Ibrahim Sultan Iskandar, and Brunei's Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah.
The ceremony in the throne room of the Grand Palace was also attended by Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak.
– ‘Respect each other' –
Afterwards, the newlyweds made their first public appearance as husband and wife on the palace steps, smiling and waving to around 1,200 reception guests assembled in the garden.
Richard Chong, a 30-year-old marketing executive from Singapore and friend of Dennis who was a wedding guest, said that they were going to wish the couple happiness.
“My message to the couple when I meet them is ‘Marriage is about taking care of each other. They must respect and love each other',” they said.
Hundreds of well-wishers, consisting mostly of families and elderly couples, gathered in a square in Johor Bahru to watch the “sitting-in-state” live on two big screens, as police cars sped by ferrying VIPs to the reception.
“We are happy for the princess, they have found a man in their life,” housewife Yati Pandrang told AFP.
“May Allah shower the couple with health and happiness.”
The Dutchman, who now works for a property development company in Johor, was born Dennis Verbaas and adopted a Muslim name when they converted to Islam in 2015. They proposed to Tunku Aminah in December last year.
Johor's royal family is rich and powerful and possesses its own private army — the only state to have one.
Malaysia has a unique arrangement in which the throne of the Muslim-majority country changes hands every five years between the rulers of the nine states which are still headed by Islamic royalty.
The current king is Sultan Muhammad V, from the conservative Islamic northern state of Kelantan, who steps down in 2021.
But Dennis Muhammad is unlikely ever to assume the role since the rulers choose among themselves who the next king will be.
Gianfranco Zola has resigned as Birmingham City manager.
The Italian has left the club following Blues' 2-0 defeat against Burton Albion at St Andrew's this afternoon.
The St Andrew's crowd turned on Zola during the game, levelling chants against the manager and their position in charge.
Zola won just twice in 25 matches as Blues boss since replacing Gary Rowett in December in a disastrous run of form which has left the side just three points from safety.
They sit in 20th place following this afternoon's loss which resulted in their resignation.
Blues now have three games - starting with the derby against Aston Villa on Sunday - in which to preserve their Championship status.
Join us for all the latest news and reaction as Zola calls time on their stay in B9.
FILE - In this June 7, 2017, file photo, FBI acting director Andrew McCabe listens during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing about the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, on Capitol Hill in Washington. McCabe drafted a memo on the firing of their onetime boss, ex-director James Comey. That's according to a person familiar with the memo, who insisted on anonymity to discuss a secret document that has been provided to special counsel Robert Mueller. The person said the memo concerned a conversation McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosenstein's preparations for Comey's firing. Alex Brandon, File AP Photo
Los Angeles Dodgers manager Dave Roberts, center, talks to starting pitcher Kenta Maeda during the second inning of the team's baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Los Angeles. Relief pitcher Scott Alexander replaced Maeda in the second inning. Jae C. Hong AP Photo
Dubai: How would you like to buy some property in Dubai Marina, own a luxurious hotel and have a Get Out of Jail Free Card?
With Dubai's own version of the Monopoly board game expected to hit shelves soon, residents will be able to do just that.
Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry (DCCI) has announced that it has launched “Dubai-Opoly”, a new recreational game as part of its efforts to promote Dubai as a global hub for business and trade.
Modelled after the world-famous “Monopoly” board game, Dubai-Opoly will soon hit store shelves in the UAE and GCC region, according to a senior official at the DCCI.
The local version of the popular board game is also set to feature some of the emirate's most prominent landmarks and attractions, such as Arabian Ranches, Za'abeel, Dubai Marina and DCCI.
In a statement, authorities explained that the new game, “complements Dubai Chamber's efforts to strengthen the emirate's reputation as a thriving centre of commerce and a leading tourist destination”.
Hamad Buamim, President and CEO, DCCI, said that the Chamber adopted an innovative and creative approach when it came to developing the board game.
“By launching this unique initiative, we will promote Dubai's brand and boost its international profile. Last year, the Chamber received over 600 international delegations and participated in more than 70 events abroad. Dubai-Opoly offers an ideal platform to showcase what Dubai has to offer businesses and tourists, while it also merges these two concepts together in a fun and interactive way,” Buamim said.
Buamim added that Dubai-Opoly is expected to have a strong appeal among all segments of the Dubai's society as it celebrates some of the most popular aspects of living and doing business in the emirate.
One day long, long ago, summer vacation and we talked Dad into FINALLY taking the INNER beltway, rather than the OUTER one, that went way way outside and you saw nothing.
We would never have stopped anywhere if it had been up to Dad. Thankfully it was Mom's decision, so we ate and pee'd and got a walk about once a day. God help us all, Dad would never, ever, ever, stop anywhere near that place, due to a complete loathing of all things to do with a large city, so this concession was well received by all.
Our trips south to visit my American cousins and grandparents was short on stops, long on drives, and hour stretches of silence through the mountains and bible belts, or endure some radio preacher peddling doom and gloom to those who don't send them lots of money, and that one time a visit with the Pennsylvania Dutch got Lexi Mom's personal undivided attention while they puke up all their food in the backseat, and delighted by every gag, as I finally got to sit up front with Dad.
Well, that year we had finally talked them into this, or Mom had, this brief glimpse of that storied place, that grand White House, maybe, and the swamp back then was thought to be drained after they got rid of Nixon.
So, the year was 1976, Paul McCartney and Wings Silly Love Songs was on the radio, watching anxiously for that brief vista of that place I'd been waiting to see my whole young life, opened up before me, and we got this completely and utterly disappointing, I think I saw something white, glimpse of Washington D.C.
It took 20 years till I had a better view, like right across from the White House as the Air Force One Helicopter landed, and some far far away people wearing long black coats got out.
These are some strange times, when Watergate reporters step out of the past, prophesying with some experience the 45ths potential doom.
Again, the sh!t show of greatness goes on, and we knew they knew more than they let on, and that they figured they would never have to tell what was known, by whom, anyway, here we are. Who knew? Yet again. Who knew, indeed, who knew.
Em, everybody knew. Flip-flop.
Just that some I hear don't really care who knew what, when and how they knew. And that right there is the problem, I think. The main one, that defines the divide between the loyal and who are not, and why. And I wonder what the heck is up with that.
And into those murky depths, one by one the pieces float up from that infamous Steel Dossier, and whattaya-know, proven true, and nothing has been proven wrong, so far, which is a technicality, but worth a thought.
Significant? I certainly don't know, though I care, as I find myself becoming that opinionated old woman seeking their own truth, thank you, and that ageing skepticism points the way thru the forest of bullsh!te and indifference, and I care about another's dire plight because I'm not a heartless friggin' cudgel.
But this alt-right hero appeals, to some, rank loyalty oozes from others, and that is worthy of note, and the GOP follows the followers in lock-step, one, two, three, and should be given a level of respect, as they will not just go away even if they do.
Why? well, far be it from me to pretend I understand the thinking of those who are disenfranchised with the elites who run the liberal showboat, with their big words and ultra politically correct too idealistic, perhaps naïve, beliefs and just ONE right way to be, hiding behind their designer rose-coloured glasses to protect their fragile snowflake blue eyes, or so I've been told.
And off with the ‘heds of all who disagree to save the whales, the land, the very sun, threatening we'll be truly gone with the wind, and with every breath you take, and more rules for every move you make, even if we're all doomed.
Seriously, blawdy, fracken doomed, who knew? I don't know, 20,000 really smart geeks knew. But whatever.
Today, go left or right, no tolerance at all for in-betweeners, no middle-way, no gray, no gay, just that fight for who is right straight to the top, even though they lie, they will always be MORE right then, say, someone who's black, or female.
So, back and forth with lofty words like sissy and loser, in all CAPS, in defense of a chiefs chest thumping tweet, and commentary the likes of a schoolyard bully doxxing {whatever the f that is} the new kid in town, all paid for by an ex-KGB, or three, maybe, we'll see.
All thee nationalistic racist Christian hypocrites, heads up, you will be judged by how you treat the least of you, as well as the worst. Your rule, not mine.
So, riddle me this some say, how can you flip on an innocent man? Em? I suppose we just may soon find out.
Course few know this better than I, one can lie, sure, yet often that is not most peoples strong suit, though, some succeed and take it to a whole new crazy level, believing themselves beyond truth and consequences. Believe me, I know, I lived with one, or, one of the masters of the craft, if we're comparing the two, Trump is “winning”.
Like twisting up more will-knots on the daily works for some, yet sticks your butt-cheeks together. Sure, it only goes so far, eventually, against the mounting wall of evidence to the contrary piling up for all to see.
Now, from my vantage point up here in the Great White North (our battle cry sounds something like kalukukukalookacoo), it would seem as though they caught some actual real live bad guys, and a few juicy indictments passed about, and one dude I guess is cooling their jets in jail, and all that REAL justicey stuff slowly plauds along, as always, the truth is out there.
Though I am reminded that some evidence may just speak for itself, like Nixon's cold dead hand, and voice gave them away, and they roll in theirs grave.
And just when we weren't looking our preconceived notions were snatched up and given a bespoke meme, manufactured via Russia, for each of our unquestioned long-held beliefs.
We wait, watching tariffs and toadies send jobs overseas, that adult movie film stars bald litigator offers up another “I told you so” annoyingly, so they focus on debt and have no regret.
Exit stage left, or right, it doesn't matter now because you're still in a cage, all extremes are the same, caged, there is no relief from social media's blank steady glare, and how can you really still even care, maybe even possibly care less, but what about this, and not about that, about us, them, you, me, scary.
UP is down, and DOWN is up.
Conspiracies spread faster with half-truths and lies, like fleas on a poor man's dog, cherry-picking a verse from some ancient book to excuse deplorable acts towards another, dripping irony lost on other horizons, for the great sin of requesting asylum from the storm, cry instead over the loss of a favourite nothing burger.
A champion of all those closely held unsubstantiated fears, the ballot cast, even if the gig was rigged, the shady means justified the ends. With the noose dangling that still may hang the lot, following along, blinded by misspelt words, freedoms lost and found with the truth, confusing greatness I just do not see, with a dog and pony show maybe they think they got free.
Advertisements
Hungary plans to detain asylum seekers in shipping containers
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
by
According to Easton's Michael Pullen, a powerful political transformation took place for them over the last few years which has turned this long-tenured public servant into a congressional candidate.
That's the time it took for the former Talbot County Attorney to witness a time when the fundamental values they grew up with, and with which they conducted their professional life, seemed radically at odds with what can now be described as the Trump era.
In the Spy's second installment of introducing the current candidates running for the 2018 Congressional seat for Maryland's First District, Pullen outlines in detail the journey that led them to declare their candidacy and how their experience in the public arena has best prepared them to really “represent” the voters of the Eastern Shore.
This video is approximately five minutes in length. For more information about Pullen for the US Congress please go here
Photo of the day
June 9: RuPaul For 'PAPER'
Being one of the most recognizable faces is probably stressful, but RuPaul makes it look so easy. Looking absolutely stunning, THE drag queen superstar covers 'PAPER' magazine as they celebrate Pride with eight upcoming cover stories. Read the full interview here.
Dubai: One in four journeys in Dubai will be driverless by 2030, under the government's plans.
And this goal will be achieved by fully autonomous buses, the metro, boats, trams, taxis and even autonomous aircraft.
Behind the push to make Dubai the world's leader in autonomous transport is the Roads and Transport Authority (RTA), the emirate's transport regulator.
“The Government of Dubai is leading the transition to driverless mobility in Dubai,” Mattar Al Tayer, the RTA's director-general and chairperson, said in a speech at the World Government Summit in Dubai. “Whereas in other cities and countries, it is the private sector that leads the process.”
Instead of being merely plans on paper, the RTA chief said that some of Dubai's public transport goals were well under way.
Last year, 8.8 per cent of journeys in Dubai were made on the driverless Dubai Metro — more than 600,000 riders every day. The RTA expects that number to reach 12.2 per cent by 2030.
Serving alongside the metro is the Dubai Tram, which will in the future be fully driverless.
By 2030 6.4 per cent of journeys will also be made by driverless buses.
“Dubai has also started the test run of driverless mini-buses, vehicles and boats, besides considering the options of deploying driverless express shuttle buses, and taxis from some leading companies,” said Al Tayer.
The RTA's strategy includes the involvement of “global competition” to draw in cutting-edge companies that deal with driverless transport. More details on this will be announced shortly, according to the transport body.
In total, Dubai's autonomous mobility strategy is expecting to generate Dh22 billion dirhams per year, reduce mobility spending by 44 per cent, and curb demand for parking by 50 per cent.
As well as water, roads and rail, the RTA also plans to take to the skies — by as early as this July.
In cooperation with Chinese firm EHANG, the transport body is currently testing an Autonomous Aerial Vehicle (AAV).
Soaring on eight propellers, the aircraft carries one passenger for up to 30 minutes at a speed of 100 kilometres per hour.
“The AAV on display at the World Government Summit is not just a model but it has really flown in Dubai skies,” said Al Tayer. “RTA will spare no effort to launch the AAV in July 2017.”
No more drivers needed
Governments around the world have spent more than Dh2.2 billion to support research related to driverless vehicles — a figure that does not include investments by private firms.
There are five levels of driverless mobility, according to a US system of ranking. Level 1 means that the vehicle can stop by itself when approaching an obstacle. Meanwhile, Level 5 means the vehicle is completely autonomous — so no human intervention is needed at all.
Most commercially available technologies put the level of autonomy at about Level 3.
This means that a vehicle can be operated without a driver for limited periods in normal circumstances, but still needs human intervention under certain conditions.
Driverless transport faces four key challenges, both in Dubai and worldwide, Al Tayer told the audience at the summit.
These are: Infrastructure, which includes high-quality maps; and road markings; laws and legislation; safety and public acceptance; and technological requirements such as the efficiency of sensors and cameras.
Driverless cars on the roads could make some users uneasy, Al Tayer warned.
“Ordinary users may not be satisfied, particularly when the driverless vehicles share the same routes as ordinary ones,” they said.
“Governments must play a key role here in providing effective awareness to the public on the new technologies to the public in a way that promotes confidence.”
Local challenges
Some challenges are more unique to the region such as the sweltering climate.
Dubai's high summer temperatures and humidity could take its toll on driverless tech, said Al Tayer.
“This may increase people's reluctance to embrace modern technology,” they told the audience.
The transport body also has the need to drop passengers very close to their final destinations due to the fierce heat — prompting the need for many diverse types of transport.
Part of a successful transport strategy is to provide users with comprehensive and accurate data, Al Tayer said.
“To achieve this, we are currently constructing a unified centre for merging all information of various transit means,” the RTA chief said.
“The centre will be opened shortly.”
Dubai's transport strategy, in numbers:
8.8 per cent: of the total journeys in Dubai are made on the driverless Dubai Metro
12.2 per cent: of the total journeys in Dubai will be on Dubai Metro by 2030
600,000: people take the Metro every day
13 years: left for Dubai to achieve its goal of one in four journeys on driverless transport
6.4 per cent: of the total journeys will be made by driverless buses by 2030
Dh2.2 billion: spent by governments to support research into driverless transport
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A suspected unexploded device, which is believed to date back to World War II, has been found in Birmingham.
Islington Row Middleway up to Bath Row has been evacuated.
West Midlands Police has evacuated a construction site.
The explosive ordnance disposal team has been called to the scene and closed Islington Row Middleway up to Bath Row near the city centre.
It comes a year after a WWII bomb was discovered in Aston.
There is speculation that if one bomb has been found there could be others - German aircraft generally dropped explosives in 'sticks' - a number together.
During the Second World War, hundreds of thousands of bombs were dropped on Britain.
But how many of these devices are out there?
It is impossible to know, according to Matt Brosnan, a historian at the Imperial War Museum.
Mr Brosnan told the BBC: "Just to put it in context, the Luftwaffe dropped 24,000 tonnes of high explosive on London in 85 major raids during the war.
"Clearly not all of those would have exploded, because of defects or other reasons, and they could have buried themselves tens of feet below the surface so we simply don't know where they are."
Most unexploded Second World War bombs found in modern-day Britain are discovered by builders digging foundations.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The bombs are unlikely to explode, Mr Brosnan said, but their threat should not be underestimated.
"The risk is in their unpredictability, they are inherently unstable and still contain explosives, which is why they are treated so seriously and have to be disposed of properly and safely."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Bromwich Albion winger Jonathan Leko has wasted little time in winning over a new set of fans in Somerset.
The 18-year-old, currently away with England Under 19s, has been attracting rave reviews for their displays on loan at Bristol City.
Leko, who has made 16 appearances in all for Albion, has played a prominent part in Bristol's steady climb to fourth in the Championship.
He's featured in five games since signing for Lee Jonson's side near the end of the summer transfer window.
And it's not just supporters who have spoken glowingly of their contribution to date.
In an article rating the starts made by City's newcomers, the Bristol Post gave Leko a mark of eight out of ten and eulogised about the wide man.
"Marlon Pack recently named Leko as the new player to have most impressed them in training this season due to the youngster's incredible footwork and close-quarter skills," Gregor McGregor wrote.
"Won an eye-catching penalty against Derby as they completely flummoxed Richard Keogh in the 4-1 win and also took on half the Wolves team at points during the 3-3 draw in the West Midlands.
"A great attacking option for Johnson to call upon and a fine start."
Only former Aston Villa defender Nathan Baker received a higher rating of the Robins' nine arrivals.
Leko is operating at the highest level of Albion's 14 loanees, save for Chinese striker Zhang Yuning at Bundesliga side Werder Bremen.
If Leko continues to improve for the remainder of their season-long loan they could well find themselves in Tony Pulis' first team this time next year.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Best Upcoming Pet Adoption Events In MiamiAnimal shelters are brimming with pets that have been lost or abandoned. Many of the shelters in South Florida are no-kill shelters. This often causes overcrowding and a shortage of funds to care for the animals. So the shelters in Miami/Dade and Broward Counties hold frequent adoption events to try and find loving homes for the dogs and cats living at the shelters. So check out the adoption events below and give a lost or abandoned pet a new home.
No play told the story of the Courtland baseball team's nondistrict loss to Culpeper on Monday afternoon any better than a routine ground ball in the bottom of the seventh inning.
Looking to get on base to start a rally, Courtland pitcher Alex Kobersteen led off the inning with a hard-hit grounder to the left side of the infield. Culpeper shortstop Micah Leuterio hustled to their left to cut the ball off, scooping it up off a tough hop and making a strong throw to put Kobersteen out at first base.
It was the routine plays that made all the difference in a 2-1 victory by the visiting Blue Devils (2-3). They made them time and again, while the homestanding Cougars (1-2) did not. Seven errors in the game--five of which came in the final two innings--proved to be their undoing.
"You have to make the routine plays," said Courtland coach Tim Acors after the game. "We did not do that today."
Trailing 1-0 in the sixth, Culpeper center fielder Brady Richardson delivered the first hit of the game off Kobersteen, singling to center field with one out and teammate Vincent Rivera on first. Cougars center fielder Addie Burrow gathered the ball and attempted to throw out Rivera--who had rounded second and was heading for third--but their off-target throw eluded third baseman Ethan Critz.
The next batter, third baseman Zach Smith, hit a popup to second base. Courtland second baseman Cole Ely appeared to have the ball in their sights, but misplayed it off the tip of their glove, allowing Rivera to come home with the tying run.
In the seventh, Blue Devils right fielder Hunter Bowers reached base on an error by Critz to start the inning. After stealing second and taking third on a single by Leuterio, Bowers scored the eventual winning run when Critz was unable to handle a grounder by Rivera.
The defensive miscues overshadowed a stellar outing by Kobersteen. The senior righty mixed their fastball and slider to devastating effect, striking out nine and walking none in a complete-game effort. They took surrendered just two hits in the game, and both Culpeper runs they allowed were unearned.
Not to be outdone was the Blue Devils' Jake Dudley. The right-hander turned in a dominating complete game of their own, matching Kobersteen's nine strikeouts and two hits allowed while walking three. They did not surrender a hit after Burrow's two-out, fourth-inning double. Burrow ultimately scored Courtland's lone run on a steal of home.
"When both pitchers are on, like Alex and Jake certainly were, it always comes down to who makes fewer mistakes," Acors said. "[Culpeper] did a great job of eliminating mistakes today."
First-year Culpeper coach Brandon Mack echoed Acors' thoughts on their team's defensive performance.
"We've been waiting for a complete defensive game," Mack said of their team, which suffered three tough losses against Eastern View, Spotsylvania and Kettle Run last week. "[Defense] is why we have a couple losses against the teams we played last week, particularly Eastern View (7-5) and Kettle Run (6-5). I told [the team] that as long as they can put a complete defensive game together, we'll win ballgames. Our offense is good enough, but defense has got to be a priority."
BOSTON – Bonzie Colson remembered running around Boston College, having birthday parties and shooting around with some of the Eagles' notable players when their dad was an assistant coach.
They were having fun again Tuesday night.
Colson scored 20 points, Matt Farrell had 19 and No. 25 Notre Dame overcame a 13-point first-half deficit for an 84-76 victory over Boston College, sending the Eagles to their 10th straight loss.
“I just remember a lot of times shooting around before practice, being a ball boy. Just trying to learn the game and learn from them,” said Colson.
“It's been something that's always been a huge part of my life and I'll never forget those memories,” Colson said.
Former New Haven standout V.J. Beachem had 16 points and Steve Vasturia added 15 for the Fighting Irish (20-7, 9-5 Atlantic Coast Conference). It is coach Mike Brey's 13th time winning at least 20 games with Notre Dame.
Ky Bowman led Boston College (9-18, 2-12) with 29 points and Mo Jeffers had 12.
BC had sliced it to 78-76 on Bowman's two free throws with just under a minute to play, but Beachem grabbed an offensive rebound and was fouled on the ensuing possession. They hit both free throws with 24.1 seconds to play.
The Fighting Irish trailed by 10 points early in the second half before outscoring BC 21-3 over a 4:50 span.
Consecutive 3s from Farrell 29 seconds apart tied it at 59 before Colson's putback jam on their next possession gave them their first lead of the game with just under 13 minutes to play. Farrell let out a loud yell when they were running down the court.
Farrell had committed to BC out of high school but opted out after Steve Donahue was fired in March 2014.
“I was thinking about some extra stuff,” they said. “Some guys called me traitor. It was awesome.”
The Eagles had led by 13 points and posted a season-high for a first half with 49 points to open a 10-point lead at intermission. They shot 58.6 percent (17 of 29) and also went 9 for 10 from the free throw line.
Big picture
The Irish need to take advantage of a softer portion of their schedule – with games coming up against North Carolina State, Georgia Tech and another with BC to have a chance to make a run to the top of the ACC.
Poll implications
The Irish climbed back into the poll this week after being out for one week. A loss to BC and some weaker opponents coming up would have made it very hard to get back in the next few weeks.
Nice run
Brey talked about how consistent their program has remained in its fourth season in the ACC, posting a third straight 20-win season.
“I'm really proud of our program,” they said. “We had a pretty consistent program when were in the Big East. I was worried bringing it to the ACC.”
Family history
Colson's dad, Bonzie, was an assistant at BC under Al Skinner for nine years.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolves boss Paul Lambert admitted they were “angry” after seeing their side crash to a third straight defeat – and an eighth at home this season.
They said: “I'm like everyone else, disappointed and angry with the way that we performed.
“The first half was the catalyst. We were far too slow and defended too deep and waited for things to happen instead of going to make things happen. We never did enough, that's for sure. It wasn't good enough.
“We were too passive, we never dominated the ball and were not aggressive enough with or without the ball. Normally my teams come out of the traps and that is the disappointing thing.
“If you don't do things right then you will get beat. We have to be better than that. You are going to have to come through it and it makes you stronger and resolute and it makes you appreciate that things are not always going to go your way.”
MIAMI (WSVN) - Police are investigating an armed carjacking in Miami.
According to officials, Miami Police responded to the corner of Northwest 54th Street and Third Avenue around 7 a.m., Wednesday.
The victim's SUV was found abandoned at Northwest 70th Street and Seventh Avenue, a short while after.
There is no word on any injuries.
At this point it is unknown if the suspect has been caught. However, police were seen taking someone into custody.
If you have any information on this crime, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Laurie Skrivan/St. Louis Post-Dispatch/TNS via Getty Images(ST. LOUIS, Mo.) — According to local reporters, Missouri's lieutenant governor Mike Parson told a crowd last month, “No one elected official… is larger than the state of Missouri. None.”
This week, it seemed Parson was right.
Missouri's current governor Eric Greitens, facing escalating criminal investigations into their campaign and personal life and possible impeachment, announced their resignation Tuesday, leaving Parson to be sworn in to lead the state at the end of the week.
“It takes hard work and sometimes you have to work a little harder to get through tough times,” Parson went on at that event last month, according to the Columbia Daily Tribune.
With the scandals, controversies and charges that have swirled around the statehouse during Greitens' tenure, the next few months and years for Parson, a Republican like Greitens, will undoubtedly be tough, but James Harris, who consulted for Parson's 2016 campaign, said they are up for the task.
“He is the kind of person you throw into the deep end of the pool,” Harris told ABC News Wednesday, complementing Parson. “He will lead the state.”
Unlike Greitens, who was brand new to politics and governing when they took the helm, Parson is a seasoned and more traditional politician.  They are often described as a “true conservative” and hard-worker. They served as a state legislator for a dozen years before assuming their current role. They were the Sheriff of Polk County from 1993-2005 before running for the statehouse and served six years in the U.S. Army as a younger man.
Parson was raised on a farm and still currently “owns and operates a cow and calf operation,” according to their official biography. The Kansas City Star reported that that the lieutenant governor was out on their farm Tuesday when they received official word that Greitens was stepping down.
Whereas Greitens was seen by some as combative and, at times, confrontational, Parson has a reputation for being more of a dealmaker.
Gregg Keller, a Republican political strategist in the state, said Parson still maintains strong relationships with state legislators on both sides of the aisle.
Keller, who was not shy on the phone about their thoughts of Greitens ( they said they thought the outgoing governor struggled with “a serious personality disorder”) described Parson as “humble.”
Parson and Greitens ran separately in 2016, as governors and lieutenants always do in the state. Missouri has a history of even electing top officials from two different parties in years past.
Still, though pressure had been mounting for months for Greitens to resign and other Republicans in the state were called for them to step down, Parson largely remained quiet and tried to put their head down. It could be hard moving forward for them to shake the shadow of their predecessor while they finish the term that extends through 2020. Democrats have already made clear that they plan to continue to run against Greitens, their shortcomings and issues, and try to tie those close to their administration to the allegations against him.
“There is frankly, a lot of relief that the Greitens debacle is behind us,” strategist Keller continued.
There has been a sense with some Republicans in Missouri and in Washington that Greitens resignation may now help clear the road for other members of the party on ballots in the state in November who had been dogged by all the drama.
“That sigh you hear is Republicans in Missouri and elsewhere rejoicing at Greitens' unexpected decision to quit,” Dave Helling, a columnist for the local Kansas City Star wrote after Greitens' announcement Tuesday.
In their column, headlined, ‘Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens' resignation a relief for beleaguered Republican,' Helling said Parson seemed ready for the task at hand.
Parson will assume office as the state's General Assembly is finishing up a budget and bill review process. Republicans have supermajorities in both state legislative chambers.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City pair Jota and Che Adams have both been included in WhoScored.com's Championship Team of the Week.
Jota and Adams scored three times between them as Blues put Hull City to the sword at a snowy St Andrew's on Saturday.
It was a desperately needed win - three points that dragged Blues back to within touching distance of Barnsley directly above them, and a result that ensured Hull themselves haven't yet escaped the danger of relegation.
Spaniard Jota, the club's record signing at more than £6m when they arrived from Brentford on transfer deadline day last summer, scored a 9.5 with statistic experts Who Scored - a rating bettered only by Sheffield Wednesday's two-goal hero Atdhe Nuhiu.
Adams, who bent a cross-cum-shot over the head of Allan McGregor a matter of minutes into the second half, wasn't far behind with a score of 8.6.
Also included in the team were Aston Villa defender John Terry - that despite being on the losing of a 1-0 score-line against Bolton Wanderers - and Millwall pair Jordan Archer and Shaun Hutchinson, who played crucial roles as the Lions defeated Blues' relegation rivals Barnsley at Oakwell.
The 3-0 win - Garry Monk's first in charge since replacing Steve Cotterill as manager - was also voted as the EFL's official Result of the Day.
Jubilant Juke
Lukas Jutkiewicz relished an ‘enjoyable' fortnight working under Garry Monk and has revealed the freedom Birmingham City have been given in attack.
The 28-year-old was applauded off during Blues' 3-0 victory over Hull on Saturday having turned in arguably the best 83 minutes of their season.
Jutkiewicz and Che Adams gave the Hull defence a torrid afternoon and whilst the margin of victory was three, in truth it could have been double but for the excellence of Allan McGregor.
And a morale-boosting team display brought Monk their first victory as Blues boss who has had three games in their first two weeks -but now has the international break to continue implementing their methods.
Latest on Birmingham City's interest in Leeds United star as Garry Monk admits chilly mistake
“It has been hugely important,” Jutkiewicz said, who agreed that Blues are now playing on the front foot.
“When a new coach comes in they have their own ideas of what they want to do and it's really important to implement them every day on the training pitch and make sure that everybody is crystal clear in what is expected of them.
“We've had a good couple of weeks of doing that, it has been hard work but it has been really enjoyable.
“There's a really good atmosphere around the training ground, we've been working really hard to implement the manager's ideas and that's important with a new coach.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
RSS feed: https://audioboom.com/channels/4948397.rss
“He is very methodical in what they want their team to be doing in terms of pressing and in terms of the team shape - and we do a lot of work on that.
“On the other side of that we have been given that freedom to go and express ourselves. He's a big advocate of that.”
Part of that has been playing with two strikers, Jutkiewicz has operated with Che Adams in the last two home games - and Sam Gallagher at Cardiff.
'At times it was a genuine mismatch' - the Hull City verdict on Birmingham City's win
The Jutkiewicz-Adams partnership was effective at the end of last season and on Saturday looked as though it could be so again.
“I enjoy playing up front with Che. We've had success last season when we did get a chance to play together.
"He is a terrific young player and it certainly helps me that we've got someone with their dynamics, running in behind to support you.
"It does create that little bit extra space knowing that the centre-halves can't quite get as tight because Che is coming in behind.
“I'm sure he'll tell folk they meant their goal, and I believe him. I'll take them any way they come. I was waiting for a cross but if they do that every time, I've no problems!”
BUCKSPORT — Though the weather outside has proven frightful this past week, Bucksport will soon have plenty of reasons to make it more delightful.
After a two-year hiatus, Frost Fest, the annual winter family fun day, is returning to the fields near the Miles Lane School on Saturday, Feb. 18. If the weather cooperates, there will be snowy mini-golf, ice skating, music and warm snacks of many kinds.
“Last year we didn't have enough frost to fest in,” said Leslie Wombacher, the head of the Bucksport Bay Area Chamber of Commerce, which is organizing the event. This year should be different. “We're supposed to stay below freezing the whole week, which is wonderful news.”
The ice skating will start at the outdoor rink near the Miles Lane School at 11 a.m. At the same time, the magician Phil Smith of Abracadabra Productions will bring their coins to perform one-on-one magic with people.
“He's warmed up the crowds waiting in line for Portland Sea Dogs games,” Wombacher said.
Smith won't be the only entertainer working the crowd. DJ Dennis of WERU Community Radio will put on some danceable music so that people can boogie while they skate, or while they play mini golf on a nine-hole course littered with obstacles made out of snow.
“We're actually going to build the obstacles out of snow, but it's a struggle to find volunteers,” Wombacher said. In past years, Wombacher themselves has made tunnels and walls to make the courses more challenging. “We got a lot of snow forecasts so we might be building it in the snow again.”
It will cost $5 for anyone 7 years old and older to rent a putter and ball. Anyone under 7 years old can play for free. Once players have paid, they can play the whole course twice. The money goes to the community parent teacher organization (PTO), which will be serving chili, steamed hot dogs and other snacks.
For those looking for a break from a round of golf or ice skating, there will also be a snow sculpture contest. In past festivals, sculptors have produced fine renditions of unicorns, giant fish, Winnie the Pooh, and the minions from the “Despicable Me” movies.
“A lot of the kids bring food coloring to color the snow,” Wombacher said.
At 3 p.m., a yet-to-be-determined group of volunteer judges will determine the winner of the snow sculpture contest. Now that the plans have all been set, the only thing left to do until Saturday is watch the forecast.
“Hopefully it will be 28 degrees and sunny on Saturday,” Wombacher said. “But weather can change.”
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Kdc
— The Illinois man who shot a top Republican member of congress and several other people Wednesday while they practiced baseball outside the nation's capital had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called "Terminate the Republican Party."
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, was fatally shot by police during the attack. Hours later, Democratic Sen. Bernie Sanders said the gunman had been among the many volunteers on their presidential campaign.
Court records show that Hodgkinson's legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving. Their most serious problems apparently came in 2006, when they were arrested on a battery charge. Records indicate they have not been involved in any legal cases since 2011.
Until recently, they ran a home-inspection business out of their home in Belleville, in the southwestern corner of the state, across the Mississippi River from St. Louis, according to Hodgkinson's Facebook page.
They also wrote frequent letters to their hometown newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen letters between 2010 and 2012, many of which included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson compared the economic conditions of the time to those that preceded the Great Depression and excoriated Congress for not increasing the number of tax brackets and taking other tax reform measures.
On May 14, 2010, they wrote: "I don't envy the rich; I despise the way they have bought our politicians and twisted our laws to their benefit."
On March 4, 2011, they wrote that Congress should rewrite tax codes to ease the tax burdens of the middle class.
"Let's get back to the good ol' days, when our representatives had a backbone and a conscience," they wrote.
In October 2011, they applauded the Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York and Boston, writing that the demonstrators "are tired of our do-nothing Congress doing nothing while our country is going down the tubes."
They also wrote about conservative talk radio and TV, saying that their favorite show was Rachel Maddow's MSNBC program and writing that they believed MSNBC provided "a better, balanced opinion," than Fox News.
____
Babwin reported from Chicago.
Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company Limited, IBEDC, Monday got a temporary reprieve from the 21 days ultimate order given to it by the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission, NERC within which to dissolve its present Board of Directors.
Ruling in a case with suit no: FHC/ABJ/CS/665/18 between Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company Plc (IBEDC) & 8 Ors v Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission, brought before the Federal High Court, Abuja, the presiding Judge, Justice Nnamdi Dimgba, ruled that the parties are to maintain the Status quo prior to the Order of the 19th June in order to maintain the res of the matter.
Justice Nnamdi Dimgba further ruled that there shall be accelerated hearing to hear the merits of the matter.
With this ruling, NERC's earlier Order giving IBEDC 21 days ultimatum within which the current Board of the company be dissolved is now temporarily on hold until the court comes to a final ruling on the Order.
The matter has now been adjourned to 15th of October 2018 for the hearing of the last substantive suit.
It will be recalled that NERC in an Order of June 19th directed IBEDC to put machinery in motion for the dissolution of its current Board within a 21 day period, citing alleged delay in the repayment of some loans by IBEDC investors.
The IBEDC Board, however, was to swiftly respond to the allegation, contending that it has lived up to its financial commitment to IBEDC, revealing that as at Thursday 14 June 2018, it had paid its monthly commitment up to date.
The new twist of taking the matter before the Federal High Court was apparently a move to get the issue resolved legally once and for all as many industry watchers noted that the NERC action was capable of discouraging investors from investing their funds in the Nigerian economy.
I asked the cast of Empire and Star for their best cuffing season advice only to find out that most of them didn't know what cuffing season meant. Jussie Smollett, Ryan Destiny, and Amiyah Scott were able to save the day but it makes for an interesting video. Check it out above.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Becoming immersed in Chinese culture while studying in Beijing can be positively life changing.
Just ask French author Vincent Hein, who wrote East of the Clouds, a published diary of their experience learning Mandarin in Beijing as a Sorbonne exchange student. They wound up spending over a decade there.
Former United States First Lady Michelle Obama praised such overseas academic schemes when they spoke at Peking University in 2014, saying: ‘The architecture of an ancient temple.. could inspire the design of new buildings in Dallas or Detroit.'
They also quoted a Chinese proverb: ‘better to travel 10,000 miles than to read 10,000 books.'
But those who choose to study in Beijing do both. They seek real-world exposure beyond their borders, a chance to take courses in a city with over 3,000 years of heritage – from the Great Wall of China to the Summer Palace – and to develop a deeper understanding of Chinese language and culture today.
There are plenty of opportunities for tours with Beijing's top universities — be it for two weeks or two months. After a short stay, some end up pursuing longer term degree programmes in China's buzzing capital.
Through inter-institutional exchanges and partnerships, schools like Technical University of Munich, Utrecht University, London School of Economics and University of Edinburgh are bringing more and more students to Beijing.
There are many routes to this exciting, historically important city, which can be tailored to areas of interest. Peking University, Tsinghua University and the Beijing Film Academy are just three examples of renowned institutions which offer unforgettable study tours in the modern metropolis.
There are 91 universities in Beijing such as…
• Beijing Institute of Fashion Technology
• Beijing Normal University
• Renmin University of China
• Beijing Institute of Technology
• China Foreign Affairs University
• Capital Medical University
• China University of Geosciences
• Central University of Finance and Economics
• Beijing University of Chinese Medicine
• China Conservatory of Music
• Central University for Nationalities
• Beihang University
• University of Science and Technology Beijing
Past Meets Future in Peking University's ‘Citywide Classroom'
Futuristic Beijing comes to life in innovative designs by top global architects – from the National Centre for Performing Arts (‘The Giant Egg') and the World Trade Center Tower China skyscraper, to the uniquely shaped CCTV (now CMG) headquarters.
But the city's modern emergence, through education, can be traced back to 1898 when China's first national university was founded.
Today, Peking University (PKU) is #1 in China and in the global top 30. Robin Li, co-founder of Baidu (‘China's Google') and former US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner are just two of its famous alumni.
Each summer, it offers four to eight-week Mandarin language courses to international students, which are accompanied by lectures on China's culture, society and history.
Those enrolled in the school's summer course on politics and urbanisation have marvelled at how the topic moves intuitively from the classroom into Beijing's ‘extended campus,' where students witness firsthand the capital's urban evolution.
Beyond PKU's centrepiece of Weiming Lake, the metropolis' historically rich Dongcheng District gives visitors a peek inside Imperial palatial life at the Forbidden City and the Palace Museum. Other landmarks in the area include Tiananmen Square, the National Museum of China and Mao's Mausoleum.
Further afield, an all-time student favourite is The Great Wall of China — the longest manmade structure on earth (and ultimate selfie spot). Its most popular section, Badaling, is a fairly short train ride away from campus.
Street food tours of Beijing's hutong (alley) stalls promise a literal taste of the city's culture through local favourites — savoury dumplings, sesame shaobing, aromatic Peking duck, etc. There's also a chance to learn about and sample ‘emperors' eats' at the Yuxiandu Royal Gastronomy Museum, which presents a banquet dinner.
A Tsinghua University Alumnus Writes a Book About Their Study Tour
London-born writer J.R. Thornton was so moved by their time in Beijing that they wrote a novel, Beautiful Country, inspired by it.
At 14, they spent a year training with the Beijing junior tennis team while learning Chinese. ‘Even after I left China, those experiences really stayed with me,' they told the press.
The book was published in China where it became a bestseller. It highlights a friendship between a young US tennis player and their Chinese sporting peer — an example of the social perks of studying in Beijing.
So compelling was the capital that it recently drew Thornton back again, this time as a Schwarzman Scholar at Tsinghua University. The school ranks #2 in both China and Asia and is in the top 30 globally.
Overseas students at Tsinghua, whether sporty or not, can enjoy a visit to Olympic Green; also in the Northern part of the city. Its chief landmark is an architectural and Olympic wonder: the Beijing National Stadium (‘Bird's Nest').
The National Aquatics Center (a luminous blue box known as ‘the Water Cube') is now the country's biggest water park. The National Sports Museum of China, in the Asian Games Village, takes a look at martial arts, polo and other physical activities through the ages.
Tsinghua University has its own museum on site with an impressive calligraphy collection. The school offers a one-month summer Mandarin language course which includes sightseeing trips. One of its two-week programmes teaches foreign students about global issues – from economics to innovation – viewed through a Chinese lens.
It's ‘Lights, Camera, Action' in China's Capital at the Beijing Film Academy
International students at the Beijing Film Academy (BFA) can learn to make movies in the spirit of alumnus director Zhang Yimou, whose Raise the Red Lantern won a BAFTA. Guest professors James Cameron or Ang Lee may even teach a directing class. After all, according to Hollywood insiders, China is on track to become the world's top movie market.
The academy has exchange partnerships with Brussels' LUCA School of Arts, La Fémis in Paris and other foreign institutions. It also presents short workshops on subjects such as cinematography and photography, often jointly with the likes of the Netherlands Film Academy and others.
All the inspiration needed to craft that Oscar-winning film can be found across town at the 798 Art Zone — where former factories in the Dashanzi District have been turned into hip art spaces.
Full of pop culture influences and busy cafés, this creative area is home to the Beijing Minsheng Art Museum and White Box Museum of Art, along with artistic graffiti and public sculptures.
Northeast of there, the China National Film Museum — the largest of its kind in the world — shines a light on development of Chinese films from 1905 onward. Among such enduring works is Farewell my Concubine, directed by BFA graduate Chen Kaige.
The ‘90s film was about two stars of Peking opera — a popular performance art which brings together vocals, dialogue, mime, martial arts, music and elaborate and colourful costumes.
BFA visiting students attend live operas – just one stop on their programme's Chinese culture sightseeing trips. The Huguang Guild Hall hosts performances in an historic 19th century setting, while the Red Theatre showcases another Chinese tradition: Beijing Kung Fu.
[Call to action]
Ask your university about exchange programmes in Beijing or visit the Beijing municipal website for details on schools, scholarships, visas and more
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom pair Jonny Evans and Craig Dawson are being targeted by West Ham United this summer, according to reports .
Albion have shown a bit of resilience in recent weeks under Darren Moore, and Evans joined Dawson on the field as a substitute on Saturday as the Baggies fought back from two goals down to earn a point against Liverpool at The Hawthorns.
The Northern Irishman, who was a member of a quartet of players who allegedly stole a taxi during the club's mid-season, was booed onto the pitch by their own fans, after replacing James McClean.
Dawson, meanwhile, has been utilised at centre-back alongside Ahmed Hegazi under Moore, with Allan Nyom taking up the right-back role.
The Hammers, who are all but safe with four matches to play, sold Jose Fonte to Dalian Yifang of the Chinese Super League in January, and are need of defensive reinforcements.
David Moyes, upon replacing Slaven Bilic in charge of the club, has a contract until the end of the campaign but is likely to agree another, long-term deal.
Such a situation will likely need resolving before the Irons conduct any significant business this summer.
Albion are themselves expected to experience a high turnover of players this summer if and when relegation is confirmed, with plenty of arrivals and departures anticipated.
New favourite
In an ever fluctuating market, there is a new bookmakers' favourite for the West Brom job.
With Sky Bet, the new number one contender for the gig is Brentford boss Dean Smith - who still harbours ambitions to lead the Bees to the Premier League this season.
Smith, from West Bromwich, left nearby Walsall for Griffin Park in 2015 after four years at the Bescott Stadium, a spell in which they turned the Saddlers into League One promotion contenders.
Though the 47-year-old didn't enjoy the most comfortable of starts to life in the Championship, Smith appears have left their mark on the Londoners and after a run of seven games unbeaten they sit one point outside of the play-off places with two matches to play.
With Sky Bet, Smith's odds have shortened dramatically in the last few days - they have come in from 6/1 to 5/2 favourite.
Their name is not the only one to have been cut, either.
Current caretaker boss Darren Moore is now 7/2, having initially been an outsider to replace Alan Pardew.
Big Dave has taken five points in the three matches he's overseen, including results against Manchester United and then Liverpool this weekend.
Smith and Moore replace Mick McCarthy and Patrick Kluivert add the top of the lists with the bookies; both are now 5/1 and 6/1 respectively.
'It was a hot day!' Everything Darren Moore said about the dry pitch and the Liverpool point
The top of the list in full
Dean Smith: 5/2
Darren Moore: 7/2
Derek McInnes: 5/1
Mick McCarthy: 5/1
Patrick Kluivert: 6/1
Michael Appleton: 8/1
Lee Johnson: 10/1
Craig Shakespeare: 16/1
By Radio.com Staff
Mariah Carey's manager, Stella Bulochnikov, blasted Dick Clark Productions over their client's botched performance on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve broadcast earlier this week.
Related: Mariah Carey Shades Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato
In a statement to Billboard, Bulochnikov said that Carey's in-ear monitors weren't working ten minutes before the performance. “They then changed the battery pack, and they were still not working on the frequency four minutes before the show. We let them know again, and they just kept counting them down and reassuring them that they will work as soon as they go live, which never happened — at which point they pulled them out but could not hear the music over the crowd.”
Bulochnikov added, “After the show, I called [Dick Clark Productions'] Mark Shimmel and I said, ‘What the f— happened?' They said, ‘Let me call you back,' then called me back and confirmed the in-ear [monitor]s were not working and asked if I would make a joint statement. I said, ‘No way.' I asked them to cut the West Coast feed. They said they could not do that. I asked them why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense … It's not artist friendly, especially when the artist cut their vacation short as a New Year's Eve gift to them.”
Dick Clark Productions released its own statement, saying that the flub wasn't their fault. “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
Carey has since addressed the flub with a humorous tweet, saying “S— happens.”
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People are being urged to check the label on their frozen products after nine people died from a bacterial infection.
The Food Standards Agency issued a nationwide warning following a Europe-wide outbreak of listeriosis, the Chronicle Live reports.
Who is at risk?
It is unclear whether the products were sold in Derbyshire as the retailers have not been revealed.
However, general food safety advice has been issued, especially for pregnant women, babies and elderly people.
This follows a more in-depth report by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) which confirms that the infection, caused by Listeria monocytogenes (LM), has killed nine people since June 2015 up until last month.
LM is a species of bacteria which causes the infection listeriosis which is said to have the capability to grow and reproduce in an individual's cells.
In a statement, the European Food Standards Authority said: “Experts used whole genome sequencing to identify the food source, which initially was thought to be limited to frozen corn. As of June 8, 47 cases including nine deaths had been reported.
“The same strains of L. monocytogenes have been detected in frozen vegetables produced by the same Hungarian company in 2016, 2017 and 2018."
According to the EFSA there has been a "multi-country" outbreak in five EU member states which includes the UK, Austria, Denmark, Finland and Sweden.
Advice on cooking frozen vegetables
(Image: Getty Images)
In response to this Europe-wide report, the Food Standards Agency, which works with local authorities to regulate the cleanliness of food hygiene, has released a statement.
It says: "People should always follow manufacturers' instructions when preparing their food. If the product is not labelled as 'ready to eat', the cooking instructions should always be followed before eating the food hot or cold.
"Frozen sweetcorn is the likely source of an ongoing outbreak of listeriosis affecting five European countries including the United Kingdom.
"Listeriosis is a rare but serious foodborne illness caused by the bacterium Listeria monocytogenes that can be more serious for those individuals who have weakened immune systems and also the elderly, pregnant women and infants.
"The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) have today provided an update on the multi-country listeriosis outbreak."
Action taken at source
(Image: Getty Images)
The EFSA's report shows that a particular plant in Hungary is said to have been closed following tests which showed it was contaminated.
The report reads: "On 29 June 2018, the Hungarian Food Chain Safety Office banned the marketing of all frozen vegetable and frozen mixed vegetable products produced by the plant between August 2016 and June 2018, and ordered their immediate withdrawal and recall.
"This restrictive measure is likely to significantly reduce the risk of human infections and contain the outbreak."
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Philippines players celebrated with around 2,000 of their Lebanon-based fans after Sunday's win against Qatar. Source: FIBA
6 Social Buzz
CHOT Reyes had a word of warning for their Philippines players, even as they celebrated with 2,000 Filipino fans in Lebanon.
Gilas players were able to celebrate with around 2,000 of their Lebanon-based supporters after they beat Qatar 80-74 to complete a sweep of Group B at the FIBA Asia Cup.
But head coach Reyes knows there is plenty of hard work ahead – and that their team must improve in the quarter-finals.
Philippines will meet Japan or South Korea in the last eight on Wednesday, with the winners of that game likely to meet Iran in the semi-finals.
SEE ALSO: FIBA Asia Cup day six: Philippines top group and book quarter-final spot, but China face play-off
But despite sweeping their group, and doing so after a far from smooth preparation for the tournament, Reyes is not getting carried away with their team's winning start.
“You all know that if we had played Korea or Japan tonight, we would have been heading home,” Reyes told their players after the victory over Qatar.
Against the Qatari team, Gilas went 28-for-71 from the field, turned the ball over 17 times, and had little answer to Mansour Elhadary, who scored 23 points.
“No way we'll win like that,” said Reyes, as reported by SPIN.ph.
“Seventeen turnovers. We shot less than 40 percent from the field. We couldn't stop Mansour Elhadary.”
For everything that has gone against them in the past few weeks, with Andray Blatche opting against travelling to Lebanon and Reyes struggling to get their entire squad together for meaningful practices before they departed Manila, they are looking good.
So it is unsurprising that Reyes wants to keep their players firmly grounded before Wednesday's quarter-final.
Christian Standhardinger, who missed Sunday's win with stiffness in their neck, is determined to return against Japan or Korea, but the prognosis on Calvin Abueva's foot injury is less clear.
Image by Gage Skidmore, via Flickr
When Andrew McCabe was fired as deputy FBI director just days before they would have retired, President Trump tweeted their exultation:
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hardworking men and women of the FBI – A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was their boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. They knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 17, 2018
Immediately, the Twittersphere wondered whether the tweet was actually written by Trump. After all, this is a president who misspells words so frequently that the errors themselves become news.
I'm sorry, but Donald J. Trump does not know the word “sanctimonious.” https://t.co/hx7ZMhUHbD — Mrs. Betty Bowers (@BettyBowers) March 17, 2018
Trump's vindictiveness doesn't surprise me.
Trump's cowardice doesn't surprise me.
Trump spelling “sanctimonious” correctly surprised me. https://t.co/ohlfIzz0pr — Emily Brandwin (@CIAspygirl) March 17, 2018
ICYMI: One of Facebook's “biggest ever data breaches” exposed in new report
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
Somewhat surprisingly, the word “sanctimonious” did not spike on Merriam-Webster, though it was in the top 1 percent of lookups over the weekend.
It had spiked, under President Obama, who in 2010 called Democrats “sanctimonious” for refusing to compromise on a tax cut.
As M-W says, “sanctimonious” means “hypocritically pious or devout,” or pretending that you're “holier than thou.”
“Sanctimonious” has at its root the Latin “sanctus,” for “holy” or “blessed.” And for a time, that's what “sanctimonious” meant as well. The Oxford English Dictionary says that “sanctimony” came first, about 1541, to mean “holiness of life and character.” But apparently there was a little too much unctuous “sanctimony,” because by 1618 “sanctimony” was being used to describe “pretended, affected or hypocritical holiness or saintliness.”
The same happened with “sanctimonious,” which first appeared in English around 1604, the OED says, but almost immediately threw off the mantle of holiness. The opposing meanings coexisted for some time: Shakespeare used it in Measure for Measure (possibly written in 1604) to describe a hypocritical pirate (and National Geographic credits them for the coinage), then they called marriage vows “sanctimonious” non-ironically in The Tempest, believed to have been written in 1611.
Imagine having to figure out whether someone who said you were “sanctimonious” was insulting you or praising you.
Luckily, since Shakespeare's time “sanctimonious” has lost its “blessed” meaning, and is always said with the linguistic equivalent of a sneer. And though “sanctimonious” no longer has anything to do with religion, most dictionary definitions still include “piety” or “religious hypocrisy” in their definitions. The American Heritage Dictionary leaves the church out of it entirely, defining “sanctimonious” as: “Righteousness accompanied by an unwarranted attitude of moral or social superiority; smug or hypocritical righteousness.”
“Sanctus” is the holiest of holies for many other words, ranging from “sanctified” from about 1465 to plain, ordinary “sanct” in 1890. Nearly all refer only to the purity of religion or piety, though “sancta simplicitas,” the OED says, means “An expression of astonishment at another's naïvety.”
Then there is “sanction,” another “sanctus” spawn, which has its own contextual problems. As we wrote in 2008, “sanction” can indicate punishment or approval. The United States has imposed “sanctions” against Iran, Russia, and North Korea, among others, for bad behavior. Yet Olympics sports are “sanctioned” by international federations. So we had the odd juxtaposition of athletes from “sanctioned” (negative) nations competing in “sanctioned” (positive) sports.
It's enough to make one want to seek “sanctuary” in an inner “sanctum.”
ICYMI: Have you noticed a misspelling all over social media? You're not alone.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Merrill Perlman managed copy desks across the newsroom at The New York Times, where they worked for 25 years. Follow them on Twitter at @meperl.
EASTON, Md. (AP) — A waterfowl hunter is in stable condition after a dead goose fell from the sky and knocked them unconscious.
Robert Meilhammer of Dorchester County was hunting with three other people when one of them fired at a flock of Canada geese overhead in Easton, near the Miles River on Maryland's Eastern Shore.
Maryland Natural Resources Police spokesperson Candy Thomson said a falling goose hit Meilhammer, knocking them out and causing head and facial injuries.
The Washington Post reports that when they came to, they knew who they are, but “little else,” according to a Natural Resources police officer.
The agency tweeted Friday that Meilhammer was in stable condition and awaiting more tests at a Baltimore trauma center.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have made an offer to former England and Chelsea defender John Terry.
Blues boss Harry Redknapp revealed the news on talkSPORT this morning.
The ex-England captain is available on a free transfer this summer having ended their 22-year association with Chelsea.
 They are understood to have interest from Premier League sides Bournemouth and West Brom while Aston Villa have also been linked, but Redknapp hopes to convince the veteran centre back to come to St Andrew's.
Speaking to the Alan Brazil Sports Breakfast the Blues boss said: “I'd love to have them at the football club.
“He's a fantastic captain and great leader.
“We've made them a good offer and we have done the best we can. It's up to John now, but we would love them at Birmingham.”
Redknapp insists that even at 36-years-old Terry still has something to offer.
“He played for me the other week in Michael Carrick's testimonial. Fergie had the 2008 Champions League-winning team, I had an All-Star team and I had John at the back with Jamie Carragher - and I would have them two together all day long. They were fantastic.
“I had a chat with them and said to them come in - he's doing their coaching badges - have a year or two and who knows what they want to do in the future?”
Follow the writer...
Twitter: https://twitter.com/briandick
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/blueswriterbriandick/
More on Blues...
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/birminghamcitynews/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/BCFC_News
The MTA is fine with hiring contractors with histories of corruption — because the transit agency wants to help them mend their ways, a top official claimed Monday.
“New York City Transit and the MTA as a whole for many, many, many years — for the 30 years that I've been here and for many before that — have looked at this as a rehabilitative organization,” senior Vice President Stephen Plochochi said.
The astounding admission — during a meeting of the MTA's Transit Committee — prompted howls of outrage from committee members who could hardly believe their ears.
“If we have other companies out there that are willing to do the work, why on earth would we want to continue to go back to the well and deal with people who have repeatedly shown themselves to not rehabilitate their behavior?” fumed board member Peter Ward, president of the New York Hotel & Motel Trades Council.
Another board member, Charles Moerdler, a partner at the white-shoe law firm Stroock & Stroock & Lavan, fumed that the MTA was “encouraging misconduct, which I will not tolerate.”
“When people commit crimes ranging from bribery to worse, we have a public responsibility as fiduciaries to make sure that there is no reoccurrence,” Moerdler added.
The issue arose during discussion of contract extensions with Siemens AG and AECOM for subway-signal upgrades and design work on the Cortlandt Street station near Ground Zero.
In 2008, Siemens paid a then-record $1.6 billion in fines to settle bribery allegations in the US and Germany that a Justice Department official said included “the time-tested method of suitcases filled with cash.”
More recently, the company struck a 2012 deal with Greece worth 330 million euros over bribery allegations involving contracts tied to the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, and in 2016 it agreed to pay Israel $43 million over claims it paid off executives at state-owned electric company.
AECOM, meanwhile, was accused in 2009 of overcharging the Army for items including vehicle parts and hardware during the post-war reconstruction of Iraq, and in 2016 agreed to pay the feds $57.5 million to settle claims over substandard work at a former nuclear-weapons plant.
Plochochi said the MTA has a “robust program” for overseeing contractors that includes assigning monitors to ensure “good ethics and compliance” by companies with checkered pasts.
North Korea has been testing rocket engines and heat-shields for an ICBM while developing the technology to guide a missile after re-entry into the atmosphere following a lift-off, the experts said.
While Pyongyang is close to a test, it is likely to take some years to perfect the weapon.
Once fully developed, a North Korean ICBM could threaten the continental United States, which is around 5,500 miles from the North. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 3,400 miles, but some are designed to travel 6,200 miles or further.
North Korea's state media regularly threatens the United States with a nuclear strike, but before 2016 Pyongyang had been assumed to be a long way from being capable of doing so.
"The bottom line is Pyongyang is much further along in their missile development than most people realize," said Melissa Hanham, a senior research associate at the U.S.-based Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey, California.
They said the North's test in April of a large liquid-fuel engine that could propel an ICBM was a major development.
"The liquid engine test was astounding," Hanham said.
"For years, we knew that North Korea had a Soviet R-27 missile engine design. They re-engineered the design of that engine to double its propulsion".
North Korea has said it is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on a ballistic missile but it claims to be able to miniaturize a nuclear device have never been independently verified.
The isolated nation has achieved this progress despite U.N. Security Council imposed sanctions for its nuclear tests and long-range rocket launches dating back to 2006. The sanctions ban arms trade and money flows that can fund the country's arms program.
North Korea has enough uranium for six bombs a year and much of what it needs for its nuclear and missile programs relies on Soviet-era design and technology. Labor is virtually free.
It can produce much of its missile parts domestically and invested heavily in its missile development infrastructure last year, funded by small arms sales and by taxing wealthy traders in its unofficial market economy.
Propaganda offensive
Throughout the year, North Korean state media showed images of numerous missile component tests, some of which revealed close-up details of engines and heat shields designed to protect a rocket upon re-entry into the earth's atmosphere.
The propaganda offensive may have revealed some military secrets, but it may have also been a bid to silence outside analysts, many of whom had remained skeptical of the North's missile program.
"They're answering the public criticisms of U.S. experts," said Joshua Pollack, editor of the U.S.-based Non proliferation Review. "A lot of people had questioned whether they had a working ICBM-class heat shield".
"So they showed us".
Despite the research, Pyongyang has experienced considerable difficulties getting its intermediate-range Musudan missile, designed to fly about 1,860 miles, off the ground. It succeeded just once in eight attempted launches last year.
North Korea has fired long-range rockets in the past, but has characterized those launches as peaceful and designed to put an object into space.
Still, the South Korean defense ministry believes the three-stage Kwangmyongsong rocket used by Pyongyang to put a satellite in space last February already has a potential range of 7,457 miles, if it were re-engineered.
Doing so would require mastering safer "cold-launch" technology, and perfecting the ability of a rocket to re-enter the earth's atmosphere without breaking up.
"North Korea is working hard to develop cold-launch technology and atmospheric re-entry but South Korea and the U.S. will have to assess further exactly which level of development they have reached," South Korean defense ministry official Roh Jae-cheon told a briefing on Monday.
North Korea began stepping up its missile development in March 2016, Roh said, but added that there were no "unusual signs" related to test preparations, according to the South Korean military.
That same month, Kim Jong-un was photographed looking at a small, ball-like object that North Korean state news agency KCNA said was a miniaturized nuclear warhead - the device NorthKorea would need to fulfill its ICBM threat.
"2016 marked the year North Korea truly ramped up their WMD (Weapons of Mass Destruction) program," Hanham at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey said.
"I think we're going to see a (ICBM) flight test in 2017".
Categories:
Tags:
CYCLO-cross races in Mt Beauty and Bright have attracted more riders than last year with entries at both events up by about 50.
Around 230 riders turned out at Mt Beauty on Saturday for round three of the Victoria Cylco-cross series, and just over 250 the following day at Bright for the Victorian Championships and first National Series event.
A number of locals in each town also took the chance to catch the discipline which tests riders' strength, endurance and skill on a mix of surfaces including bitumen, dirt and grass and also obstacles.
At Mt Beauty riders enjoying picture perfect weather and the hilly terrain on the Big Hill mountain bike course.
The top grades were taken out by New Zealand's Kim Hurst who blitzed the women's field while in the elite men South Australian Chris Jongewaard came out on top after a fierce battle with NSW rider Garry Milburn.
It was much dryer conditions at Bright's Pioneer Park compared to a year ago and at the top of the standings the results were similar to a day earlier.
Jongewaard again had the wood over Milburn while Hurst was this time second to Victoria's April McDonagh in the women's race.
Mt Beauty's Paul van der Ploeg placed ninth and sixth over the two days.
They were the second Victorian rider home in the elite men at Bright.
Bright teenager Teagan Atherstone won both days in the junior women while William Webb was second in the under 17s in their home race.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
INDIANAPOLIS — Dr. Henry Bock, a pioneering doctor in racing and a key player in creating the SAFER barrier, has died. They were 81.
Indianapolis Motor Speedway officials made the announcement after confirming the death with their caregiver, who was working directly with the family.
Bock served as the track's senior director of medical services from 1982-2006. They held the same title with the IndyCar Series from 1996-2006 and continued working as a consultant for both after retiring.
Though they developed new treatments for drivers, Bock may be best known for working on the SAFER barriers that have become a staple at American tracks.
In 2000, they received Indiana's prestigious Sagamore of the Wabash distinction.
Bock is survived by a brother, Bob, and a sister, Marianne.
——
More AP auto racing: http://www.racing.ap.org
AM I FREE TO REMARRY? CAN I GIVE HIM THE COLD SHOULDER? WOULD GOD APPROVE OF ME IGNORING HIM? HOW IS IT THAT GOD LOVES US THE WAY WE ARE BUT JUDGES OUR SINS?
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (CBSMiami/AP) — There's no tradition or competition quite like it.
Joey “Jaws” Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top woman's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
“I found a vicious rhythm,” the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. “I was feeling good today.”
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74.
“At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record,” said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. “Apparently they were good dogs.”
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who “loves wieners.”
“We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list,” they said.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce insists it would be naive for Aston Villa not to be looking nervously over their shoulder at the relegation trap door.
The manager was targeting the play-offs after an encouraging start to life at Villa Park but after nine defeats in their last 14 matches, Bruce is now focusing on returning to winning ways and steering clear of the other route out of the Championship.
Just seven points stand between 16th-placed Villa and the drop zone and Bruce admits they and their players have to be wary and dig themselves out of their current slump.
“Am I worried? I think we've got to be worried of how we're performing at the moment,” the manager conceded when asked about the possibility of dropping down to League One.
“We can't score a goal no matter what formation we play. We've had 22 shots and not scored, they've (Barnsley) had six attempts and ended up scoring three goals.
“It's one of them, Kodjia has scored again but nobody else can contribute so that is a bit of an issue.”
Driver escapes serious injury in wreck on Cliff Drive near SBCC
A driver escaped serious injury Saturday in a rollover accident on the Mesa, according to Santa Barbara police.
The accident occurred at 7:25 a.m. on Cliff Drive at Weldon Avenue, near the West Campus entrance to Santa Barbara City College, Lt. Paul McCaffrey said.
A small SUV traveling westbound on Cliff crossed over for unknown reasons and crashed into a power pole on the eastbound side of the street, they said.
The vehicle ended up on its side, but McCaffrey said the driver was able to climb out of the vehicle on their own. The motorist's identity was not released.
The power pole was severed at its base, but remarkably remained upright after the crash, Santa Barbara fire Capt. Gary Pitney said.
Southern California Edison crews were called in to replace the utility pole.
The cause of the wreck remained under investigation.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Not all the Bollywood celebrities are drunkards. There are some celebrities who stay away from drunk parties.
John Abraham
Akshay Kumar
Siddharth Malhotra
Also Read: Weird habits of Bollywood celebrities that will shock you: See Pics
Amitabh Bachchan
Parineeti Chopra
Deepika Padukone
WASHINGTON (AP) — Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who was held captive by the Taliban for half a decade after abandoning their Afghanistan post, is expected to plead guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, two individuals with knowledge of the case said.
Bergdahl's decision to plead guilty rather than face trial marks another twist in an eight-year drama that caused the nation to wrestle with difficult questions of loyalty, negotiating with hostage takers and America's commitment not to leave its troops behind. President Donald Trump has called Bergdahl a “no-good traitor” who “should have been executed.”
The decision by the 31-year-old Idaho native leaves open whether they will return to captivity for years — this time in a U.S. prison — or receive a lesser sentence that reflects the time the Taliban held them under brutal conditions. They say they had been caged, kept in darkness, beaten and chained to a bed.
Bergdahl could face up to five years on the desertion charge and a life sentence for misbehavior.
Freed three years ago, Bergdahl had been scheduled for trial in late October. They had opted to let a judge rather than a military jury decide their fate, but a guilty plea later this month will spare the need for a trial.
Sentencing will start on Oct. 23, according to the individuals with knowledge of the case. They weren't authorized to discuss the case and demanded anonymity. During sentencing, U.S. troops who were seriously wounded searching for Bergdahl in Afghanistan are expected to testify, the individuals said.
It was unclear whether prosecutors and Bergdahl's defense team had reached any agreement ahead of sentencing about how severe a penalty prosecutors will recommend.
An attorney for Bergdahl, Eugene Fidell, declined to comment on Friday. Maj. Justin Oshana, who is prosecuting the case, referred questions to the U.S. Army, which declined to discuss whether Bergdahl had agreed to plead guilty.
“We continue to maintain careful respect for the military-judicial process, the rights of the accused and ensuring the case's fairness and impartiality during this ongoing legal case,” said Paul Boyce, an Army spokesperson.
Bergdahl was a 23-year-old private first class in June 2009 when, after five months in Afghanistan, they disappeared from their remote infantry post near the Pakistan border, triggering a massive search operation.
Videos soon emerged showing Bergdahl in captivity by the Taliban, who ruled Afghanistan in the years before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and harbored al-Qaida leaders including Osama bin Laden as they plotted against America. For years, the U.S. kept tabs on Bergdahl with drones, spies and satellites as behind-the-scenes negotiations played out in fits and starts.
In May 2014, they were handed over to U.S. special forces in a swap for five Taliban detainees at the Guantanamo Bay prison, fueling an emotional U.S. debate about whether Bergdahl was a hero or a deserter.
As critics questioned whether the trade was worth it, President Barack Obama stood with Bergdahl's parents in the White House Rose Garden and defended the swap. The United States does not “leave our men or women in uniform behind,” Obama declared, regardless of how Bergdahl came to be captured. The Taliban detainees were sent to Qatar.
“Whatever those circumstances may turn out to be, we still get an American soldier back if he's held in captivity,” Obama said. “Period. Full stop.”
Trump, as a presidential candidate, was unforgiving of Bergdahl, who has been assigned to desk duty at a Texas Army base pending the outcome of their case. At campaign events, Trump declared that Bergdahl “would have been shot” in another era, even pantomiming the pulling of the trigger.
“We're tired of Sgt. Bergdahl, who's a traitor, a no-good traitor, who should have been executed,” Trump said at a Las Vegas rally in 2015.
Bergdahl's guilty plea will follow several pretrial rulings against them that had complicated their defense. Army Col. Jeffery R. Nance, the judge, decided in June that testimony from troops wounded as they searched for them would be allowed during sentencing, a decision that strengthened prosecutors' leverage to pursue stiffer punishment.
Some of Bergdahl's fellow soldiers want them held responsible for any harm suffered by those who went looking for him. The judge ruled a Navy SEAL and an Army National Guard sergeant wouldn't have found themselves in separate firefights if they hadn't been searching.
The defense separately argued Trump's scathing criticism unfairly swayed the case. The judge ruled otherwise. Nance wrote in February that Trump's comments were “disturbing and disappointing” but didn't constitute unlawful command influence by the soon-to-be commander in chief.
Bergdahl's lawyers also contended that misbehavior before the enemy, the more serious charge, was legally inappropriate and too severe. They were rebuffed again. The judge said a soldier who leaves their post alone and without authorization should know they could face punishment. The misbehavior charge has rarely been used in recent decades, though there were hundreds of cases during World War II.
Defense attorneys don't dispute that Bergdahl walked off their base without authorization. Bergdahl themselves told a general during a preliminary investigation that they left intending to cause alarm and draw attention to what they saw as problems with their unit. An Army Sanity Board Evaluation concluded they suffered from schizotypal personality disorder.
The defense team has argued that Bergdahl can't be held responsible for a long chain of events that included decisions by others about how to retrieve them that were far beyond their control.
___
Associated Press writer Jonathan Drew in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
Marine Le Pen (right) receives an artificial blue rose from a supporter as they visit a flea market in Nice yesterday.
PARIS: Independent Emmanuel Macron will easily beat far-right leader Marine Le Pen in a runoff in the French presidential election, but the outcome of a knockout between them and conservative Francois Fillon would be closer than before, a poll showed on Monday.
The Opinionway poll showed Le Pen would get 42 per cent of votes compared to 58 per cent for Fillon if the scandal-hit Fillon made it through to the second round — Le Pen's highest second-round estimate by polls so far this year.
The rest of the poll had similar findings to previous surveys — with Le Pen coming out with the biggest number of votes in the April 23 first round, but then losing to either Macron or Fillon in the second round on May 7.
Le Pen had 26 per cent in the first round, compared to 22 per cent for Macron, and 21 per cent for Fillon.
Macron, a centrist, would then be the likeliest candidate to take on Le Pen in the second round, with Macron expected to win with 63 per cent of votes over 37 per cent for Le Pen.
Fillon's campaign has been hit by probes into allegations of fake work carried out by Fillon's wife.
Meanwhile, the country's central bank governor warned Monday that Marine Le Pen's pledge to ditch the euro if elected French president would cost the country over 30 billion euros a year in increased borrowing costs,
With less than three months to go before the first round of the election Le Pen is polling strongly on a nationalist platform of heavily curtailing migration, relinquishing the euro and organising a referendum on France's EU membership.
US pressure
Banque de France governor Francois Villeroy de Galhau said that pulling out of the single currency would drive up the cost of France's borrowing.
“If we were alone, we would be helpless faced with financial market speculation … and helpless faced with US pressure on the dollar,” they told France Inter radio.
“Financing France's public debt would cost over €30 billion [Dh117 billion] a year: that's the equivalent of France's annual defence budget,” they said.
Villeroy de Galhau did not give a breakdown of the calculation but said the interest on France's debt had fallen by 1.5 per cent since it adopted the single currency.
“That is very significant for those with home loans, for business investments and all taxpayers,” they said.
They also credited the euro with keeping inflation down, causing it to fall from nearly five per cent annually before the 1992 Maastricht Treaty that ushered in the euro to under two per cent currently.
Le Pen has argued that France needs to take back control over its monetary policy to boost growth — forecast to come in at 1.3 per cent in 2017, below a Eurozone average of 1.7 per cent — and rein in unemployment.
Villeroy de Galhau acknowledged that the French economy needed to be “repaired and refurbished” but rejected the notion that the euro was the cause of its malaise.
“Many countries that share the euro with us are doing well on the economic front,” they said, warning against “tearing down the foundations, our currency the euro, which forms a very strong basis in uncertain times.”
MALUMO SILUMESI, Kabwe
ON OCTOBER 24, 2015, Vice President Inonge Wina launched the construction of the Jubilee Integrated Women Highway Market in Chibombo district.The market is being built at John Chinena, one of the biggest highway markets on Great North Road, where peasants sell farm produce in an unsanitary environment and at a dangerous proximity to the main road.
The project is being implemented under public private partnership with the Jubilee Integrated Women Highway Market advisory team.
Government intends to build similar highway markets at places where women conduct their businesses to facilitate their business.
In the case of Chibombo, the market is under construction at a place called John Chinena in Mukalashe area.
Under the Jubilee Women Integrated Highway Programme, 10 markets will be built across the country.
Highway markets are major stopovers for travellers who want to buy fresh vegetables, fruits and handcrafts such as baskets, reed mats and other home essentials.
The project at John Chinena is in progress, and Mrs Wina who recently visited the site is happy with the quality of work being down.
The Vice President initiated the building of highway markets because of the challenges traders in affected communities face in terms of access to suitable and sanitary trading places.
“Our motivation and vision for doing this project, which I shared with you on 23rd October 2015, is to turn this beautiful site into a world class model for sustainable women empowerment and entrepreneurship development in the country,” Mrs Wina said.
They said Government is determined to improve the wellbeing of women in the country and one way of doing so is by providing them with better marketplaces.
Women empowerment through entrepreneurship has potential to change their fortunes and contribute to the economic growth of Zambia.
“Indeed, we have a will as a country, and we have found a way of transforming road markets countrywide into multi-purpose centres which we can all be proud of,” they said.
Traders at John Chinena are happy that their trading site has been selected to host the first Jubilee Integrated Women Highway Market in the country.
One of the traders, Esther Mulayisha said their trading spot is prone to road traffic accidents because of its proximity to the Great North Road. Apart from that, the market which has grown over the years, lacks running water and toilets.
Ms Mulayisha who was found selling butternuts and watermelons said despite the harsh conditions traders at the market face, business runs as usual because there is no alternative place in their farm community.
“It is not easy for us here in rural areas to earn a living, we survive by trading on the highway,” Ms Mulayisha said.
“That is where we find money to feed our families and take children to school.”
Them colleague, Bridget Mweene, 45, said their market is prone to waterborne diseases but they have no choice but to continue subsisting on the vegetable business.
Ms Mweene who deals in tomatoes, vegetables and fruits, said they are the major breadwinner of their family.
“My dear this place is not good for us, but we have no choice because we have nowhere to go,” they said.
Mrs Mweene is looking forward to a day when they will conduct business in a safe and sanitary environment when the market under construction is completed.
Stanbic Bank is one the corporate bodies that are supporting the building of Jubilee Integrated Women Highway Market.
The bank's board chairperson Austin Mwape said Stanbic has contributed K1.8 million towards the building of the market.
Dr Mwape said by supporting the initiative, their bank is contributing to national development through the empowerment of medium and small entrepreneurs.
And Jubilee Integrated Women Highway Market advisory team chairperson Gladys Mutukwa said when the market at John Chinena is completed, the facility will improve the wellbeing of women who earn their living by trading on the roadside.
“I am glad that Government has good plans for its citizens like us the marketers here in Chibombo district. As marketers, we shall continue working with this Government because it has a vision for the people,” they said.
As for Glenda Mulenga, 35, who sells cabbages and onions, they commended the Vice President for coming to the aid of traders at John Chinena.
“What else can we ask from her? Government is giving us a modern market with decent toilets. I am really happy,” an elated Ms Mulenga said.
Ms Mulenga said providing better trading areas is one effective way of empowering women to look after their families and enabling them to contribute to national development.
“This country will see meaningful development once most of the women are empowered. We are hard workers as women and we shall surely take this country to higher heights,” Mrs Mulenga said.
Apart from being provided with a safe and healthy trading place, traders at John Chinena will also undergo training in financial literacy.
