Feb 2 (Reuters) - Phoenix Satellite Television Holdings Ltd :
* ‍CNHK MEDIA TO BUY ADVERTISING AIRTIME AT PHOENIX CHINESE CHANNEL, PHOENIX INFONEWS CHANNEL FROM 2 FEB-31 DEC 2018 ​
* ‍CONTRACT TO NOT EXCEED RMB40 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A A
Battle Ground — The Lewis River Rotary Club celebrated its 25th anniversary last month, and past and present members got together to celebrate two and a half decades of serving the community and feeding the hungry.
During the party, the Paul Harris Award was presented to past-president Nancy Miller. The award is presented annually to the Rotarian who exemplifies high standards in the Rotary's five avenues of service: international, community, youth, vocation and club.
For more information, visit www.lewisriverrotary.org or on www.facebook.com/lewisriverrotary.
MANCHESTER, N.H. -- President Donald Trump officially proposed imposing the death penalty for certain drug dealers on Monday in New Hampshire, arguing that the federal government is "wasting our time" if it isn't willing to put some traffickers to death.
The speech looked to balance the President's controversial calls for the federal government to get tougher on drug crimes with less heated proposals for increased federal funding to combat the opioid epidemic through ad campaigns and health programs. But their call for the death penalty immediately drew condemnation from treatment advocates, law enforcement officials and civil liberty organizations.
"If we don't get tough on the drug dealers, we are wasting our time," Trump told the audience in Manchester, New Hampshire. "And that toughness includes the death penalty."
Trump went on to say that dealers "will kill thousands of people during their lifetime" but won't be punished for the carnage they cause. They said the punishment would be used against the "big pushers, the ones who are really killing people."
"This is about winning a very, very tough problem and if we don't get very tough on these dealers, it is not going to happen, folks," they said.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions, an embattled member of Trump's Cabinet who has long frustrated the President, sat in the audience for the remarks. They later backed up their boss with a pledge to "seek the death penalty wherever appropriate."
Others were not nearly as supportive.
Jesselyn McCurdy, deputy director of the American Civil Liberties Union's Washington office, said Trump's proposal was "absurd."
"Drug trafficking is not an offense for which someone can receive the death penalty," McCurdy said, referring to a Supreme Court precedent that puts constraints on using the penalty when the person convicted did not commit murder.
Trump's talk of stricter penalties for drug crimes has long worried some treatment advocates, who have said there is no way the United States can punish its way out of the opioid epidemic. Many in law enforcement have said previously that "you can't arrest your way out of the opioid crisis," and public policy experts condemned the proposal even before the President rolled it out, arguing that it misses the cause of the opioid epidemic.
Even still, Trump pushed ahead with the proposal, while acknowledging Monday that some in the United States may not be ready for the death penalty for drug dealers.
"Maybe our country is not ready for that. It's possible ... and I can understand it," they said, later disagreeing with themselves and stating, "Although personally I can't understand that."
Monday's event marks Trump's first trip back to the first-in-the-nation primary state -- and the state that that introduced the business person-turned-politician to the opioid scourge -- since they won the presidency.
Trump, who was joined by first lady Melania Trump for the event, described the forthcoming ad campaign as a "large-scale" effort aimed at convincing people not to use drugs.
"The best way to beat the drug crisis is to keep people from getting hooked in the first place," the President said. "This has been something I have been strongly in favor of -- spending a lot of money on great commercials showing how bad it is."
Trump said they would direct people to make the commercials depict "pretty unsavory situations."
That sort of strategy advocates targeting kids and young adults with anti-drug messaging, evocative of the "Just Say No" ad campaign of the 1980s and early 1990s.
Immigration
Throughout Monday's event, Trump linked their efforts to combat the opioid epidemic with the familiar immigration rhetoric that animated their 2016 campaign.
The President said Monday that a host of policy proposals -- namely, building a wall along the US-Mexico border, ending so-called sanctuary cities and fighting gangs like MS-13 -- would stem the tide of opioid abuse in the United States.
"Eventually the Democrats will agree with us and will build the wall to keep the damn drugs out," Trump said to chants of "build the wall," giving the official White House event a campaign feel.
Republicans have long linked immigration policy to the opioid fight, but public policy experts have said that while it is part of the opioid problem, it is not the key issue.
"I wish to emphasize that while there are many high-impact policies available to us, I do not think that cracking down on sanctuary cities is one of them," Keith Humphreys, who was an adviser for the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy during the Bush and Obama administrations, said in congressional testimony earlier this year. "That's because the opioid epidemic was made in America, not in Mexico, China, or any other foreign country."
Trump later slammed Democrats as playing on politics on immigration before claiming that he, too, would use the issue politically and win.
They then turned to sanctuary cities, municipalities that have policies in place to limit cooperation with or involvement in federal immigration enforcement actions.
"My administration is also confronting things called sanctuary cities that shield dangerous criminals," Trump said, adding later that the cities are "safe havens for just some terrible people, some terrible people."
Such cities "are making it very dangerous for our law enforcement officers. You see it all the time. As the people of New Hampshire have learned firsthand, ending sanctuary cities is crucial to stopping the drug addiction crisis," the President said.
The plan
White House officials told CNN that Trump's broader plan will focus on key areas: law enforcement and interdiction, prevention and education through a sizable advertising campaign, improving the ability to fund treatment through the federal government and helping those impacted by the epidemic find jobs while fighting addiction.
Congress recently appropriated $6 billion to combat the opioid epidemic, and a senior administration official told CNN that Trump's plan will lay out how the White House believes that money should be spent. At the time, treatment advocates and drug policy experts were concerned the uptick in funding wouldn't be spent wisely and wasn't nearly enough.
Trump has credited voters in New Hampshire with introducing them to the opioid crisis during their 2016 campaign. They frequently referenced the scourge when campaigning in the state, which has been epicenter in the fight against opioids. But in a call with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto shortly after their inauguration, Trump referred to the state as a "a drug-infested den," drawing fierce criticism from the state's leaders.
Days before Election Day in 2016 -- when time is a campaign's most precious commodity -- Trump even traveled to New Hampshire to discuss opioid addiction and pledge to make fighting the epidemic a focus.
Their response as President, however, has been mixed, according to epidemic experts. The President has been accused of sidelining the Office of National Drug Control Policy, failing to heed the recommendations of their opioid council and focusing too much on the punitive measure to respond to the epidemic.
Trump in October declared the opioid epidemic a public health emergency, telling an audience of experts and people in recovery that "we can be the generation that ends the opioid epidemic."
Recently released numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that around 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in 2016. Since 1999, the number of American overdose deaths involving opioids has quadrupled.
[India], Mar 19 (ANI): With the political parties demanding the use of Ballot papers instead of Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) in elections, Chief Election Commissioner OP Rawat on Monday said it takes stakeholders views very seriously and will try to address the issues raised comprehensively.
The Chief Election Commission Om Prakash Rawat on Monday assured it takes stakeholders' views very seriously and that the issue of Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) will be raised comprehensively.
In an exclusive conversation with ANI, Rawat said, "Though the commission is yet to have a deliberation on this, EC takes stakeholders' views very seriously and tries to address the issues raised most comprehensively."
Rawat further said that Indian EVMs are unique in the world.
"Our EVM is unique. It is standalone and has no connection to the outside world. It doesn't have auxiliary circuit; it is not capable of talking to other machines on wireless; it doesn't have a wire system. This kind of EVM is not used anywhere in the world. It is our own innovation," added Rawat.
The CEC's observation has come after the Congress party at its plenary session joined the chorus against the EVMs and in favour of the ballot papers.
Explaining the difficulties in bringing back the ballot paper system, Rawat said, "Replacement of ballot papers by the EVMs has resulted in many improvements. The role of muscle power has diminished considerably. Filling of votes is possible if ballot box is there. In EVM, loading one vote requires 15 seconds. Say if at one polling booth, 800-2000 votes are to be loaded then it would require a considerable time, which would be enough for an enforcement to reach to catch hold of the miscreants. Therefore, the misuse of muscle power in affecting the polling outcome has reduced considerably."
Commenting on a video from Russia where election officials were allegedly seen filling up the ballot boxes, Rawat said, "Ballot boxes have never been secure. They are never secure."
Replying another question, the CEC said, "The EC doesn't have to defend EVMs. We are creating a lot of public awareness on it. In one programme, when a political leader launched a tirade against the EVMs, then the public shouted them down. What do you understand by that?"
When asked how the growing chorus against the EVMs will affect democracy, Rawat said, "Democracy is a too strong system that trivial matters cannot affect it. Only thing is that the Election Commission looks into all grievances of stakeholders and tries to address all those in a positive way. For example, in the all-party meeting, we (EC) were advised that unless 100 percent deployment of VVPATs is there, the election should be held with the ballot paper. The Commission immediately deployed 100 percent VVPATs."
They added that nobody can control the complaints and if the complaints are controlled then it will affect democracy.
"Grievances should be brought to the notice of the Commission so that it takes note of it. Because, our system is for the majority; the majority of the people and majority of the political parties should be happy with the system," Rawat said.
They said that those who cast doubts on the EVMs should come forward and suggest what will clear their doubt.
"They should come forward and tell us what will clear their doubt. Or, are they determined to go back to the muscle power and booth capturing. It is up to them," Rawat said.
They also said the EC has also included it in a status paper on the EVMs that why did some countries stop using electronic voting.
"The electronic voting is stopped in some countries because their own judicial system struck down saying since you have not made the laws in conformity for use of EVMs, therefore it cannot be done," the CEC said.
When asked about the advocacy of former Election Commissioners for the auditing of more EVMs, Rawat said, "Whatever they are saying is merely a suggestion. But, what our main stakeholders-political parties and candidates- say has got different footing. And, the Commission always takes their views seriously."
Off late, the opposition political parties have been casting doubts on the EVMs after election results.
After the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls; Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), Aam Aadmi Party, Congress, and others had questioned the EVMs alleging that they were tampered with.
To clear the air on the issue, the Election Commission had organised EVM Challenge for all the political parties on June 3 in New Delhi last year to demonstrate that the EVMs could be tampered with.
It ended in an anti-climax with neither of the two takers for the 'dare'- Communist Party of India- Marxist [CPI-M] and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP)- came forward to take the challenge. (ANI)
By: The Associated Press
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) – Federal immigration officials say a Syrian man was arrested outside a Rhode Island courthouse earlier this month for overstaying their guest visa by 19 years.
A spokesperson for the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement tells The Providence Journal agents took 48-year-old Abulkhalek Darwich, of Pawtucket, into custody June 1 in Providence.
The arrest followed Darwich's court appearance in a 2015 case charging them with tax offenses.
ICE New England spokesperson Shawn Neudauer says Darwich entered the U.S. lawfully as a visitor in 1998.
Darwich will remain in custody pending removal proceedings.
Neudauer says it's unclear why Darwich was allowed to overstay.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Rhode Island released a statement renewing its call for state officials to protect immigrants from being arrested by ICE near courthouses.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Editor's note: This Q&A is sponsored by Georgia State University's Robinson College of Business.
Name: Jennifer L. Preyss
City and state where you're from: Marietta, Ga.
Employer and title (if applicable): The Victoria Advocate: Religion and Features Editor; Editor-in-Chief, GC Magazine
Global Atlanta: What made this program right for you? Why did you choose the MIB instead of an MBA or another business degree at a different institution?
Ms. Preyss: I always say the religion beat developed in me a love for people, and while working as a city magazine editor I developed a love for business. This degree put those two passions together.
When I was promoted to editor-in-chief of GC Magazine, the Advocate‘s in-house magazine, it became clearer that while I had generally mastered print and multimedia journalism, I was lacking needed business skills to optimize the operations and revenue side of publishing a magazine. I realized if I were to ever pivot away from reporting, editing or creative directing, my skills would be contained to a limited, lateral career path.
While some questioned my decision to pursue a business degree, I picked up the material quickly and excelled in the MIB program. I'm convinced more than ever that a crossover needs to occur between communication, media and business.
I considered other business schools and MBA programs in Georgia, but the MIB continued to surface as my top choice. Its one-year format, challenging curriculum, Buckhead location, and price tag were all attractive components. Georgia State was also my undergraduate alma mater, and in many ways, I wanted to return to my beloved Panthers.
Global Atlanta: How important was it — from a cost and time perspective — that the degree is only one year? –
Ms. Preyss: For me, it was the one of the most important factors. While enrolled in MIB, I opted for a graduate research position that helped defray costs. I also continue to work at the Advocate as its religion editor, which I can fortunately do from afar.
My goal was to get through graduate school as quickly as possible with as little debt as possible, and transition back into the workforce within a few weeks of graduation. The MIB is challenging, and has remained a juggling act over the past year. But the year-long format gave me the peace of mind I needed to stay on track.
What drew you to Georgia State and convinced you that this program was the right type of learning environment for you, both from an academic perspective and looking at the city of Atlanta?
I grew up in Marietta, Ga., so Atlanta has always been home base. Returning after a 10-year absence, and now living in Buckhead has been a real pleasure for me and my husband, a Tunisian immigrant who enjoys living in a walkable city as much as I do.
We are now considering Buckhead as a possible long-term residence, which we never would have if I wasn't attending the Buckhead campus. Atlanta has changed substantially since I lived here more than a decade ago, but the city seems to be thriving, growing and attracting a premier global community that will inevitably continue to bring a steady stream of economic development and international diversity to the city.
Global Atlanta: Which programmatic aspects of the MIB do you feel are the most unique and beneficial for your real-world career?
The cohort format with its tremendous variety of international students provides a unique space to discuss and solve problems, both real and imagined. I enjoyed watching our classmates intermingle, dialogue about the world and its varying cultures from their own lens, and form enduring friendships with classmates they may have not otherwise pursued outside the classroom.
By creating a purposefully less-homogeneous space, the MIB cohort serves as a petri dish for human interaction, allowing us all to test our international team and collaborative skills, working across cultures as well as among them, to complete a task.
I also took an entrepreneurship class, where I had the opportunity to use class time to research a real start-up idea that I hope to bring to the market next year with two of my classmates. I met one of them, a student from Kenya, on the bus ride down to the Port of Savannah, and fleshed out the idea there.
Now armed with the MIB, what's your next move?
In addition to graduating with the MIB, I have spent months obtaining professional certifications in human resources management and product management, and taken additional courses in Six Sigma, advanced excel and marketing.
My goal is to lead a communications department for an international nonprofit or corporation in the Atlanta area, or teach business communications at a Georgia university. I will continue cover religion for the Victoria Advocate on a contract basis, and work toward rolling out a new startup idea conceptualized while enrolled in the MIB.
I also look forward getting back on the speaking trail, teaching and leading educational workshops on international religion and culture and how to better understand and work effectively alongside our global communities.
May 3 Banco Macro SA
* Banco Macro S.A. announces pricing of notes offering under medium-term note program
* Banco Macro S.A. - has priced an offering of peso denominated notes in equivalent amount of US$300 million due 2022
* Banco Macro S.A. - intends to use net proceeds from offering of notes to refinance certain outstanding debt
* Banco Macro S.A. - offering is part of financing program for issuance of up to$1 billion aggregate principal amounts of debt securities outstanding at any time Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The local group SOFO (South Forest Drive Business Association) is embarking on its first Art Beautification Project for the Forest Drive corridor. SOFO will work on the chain link fence at the Annapolis Middle School to present student's artwork. The project will include student works from all of the schools along the corridor and will tell a story. Each piece of art will be approximately 4' x 4' and permanently installed.
The first step of this project is transforming the 500' fence at the Annapolis Middle School into a canvas for students to create artwork for display. In an effort to make the fence presentable for these creative pieces, SOFO will remove the barbed wire, clean and remove the rust, paint the fence and remove the leaves and trash along the fence.
SOFO hopes that with a consistent effort and help from the community throughout the spring and summer that we will bring this fence back to life.
Our first work party day is April 22, 2017 from 9am-12pm. More will be scheduled thru the season.
If you belong to a group or organization and would like to collaborate on this project, , please contact [email protected].
The cost to transform this fence will include scraping supplies, paint, painting supplies, dump runs, and leaf removal. SOFO is looking for sponsors to help with these financial needs.
SOFO is offering to display on the fence a banner with the logos of all organizations and businesses that contribute financially or through volunteers to this beautification effort.
If you would like to sign up for the April 22 date please go to: http://www.signupgenius.com/go/8050b45aaae22a46-sofo
What: SOFO Plans to Transform Annapolis Middle School Fence from Sad to Art
Who: Jen Balducci, President of SOFO; Lorie Sout, Treasurer of SOFO
When: April 22, from 9am-12pm
Where: Annapolis Middle School, 1399 Forest Drive, Annapolis MD 21403
Related
Category: Businesses, Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB
× Oceanside man sentenced in kidnap, murder of 3-week-old girl
OCEANSIDE, Calif. – An Oceanside man was sentenced Monday after being convicted in the 2015 killing of a 3-week-old baby abducted from their home in Long Beach as a part of a woman's bizarre plot to trick their boyfriend into believing they had given birth.
Anthony Ray McCall, 32, was sentenced to nearly 142 years to life in state prison, FOX 11 reported. They were found guilty on March 2 on seven felony counts: 1 first-degree murder, kidnapping, attempted kidnapping and four counts of attempted murder, according to KTLA.
The Oceanside resident was involved in an elaborate plot hatched by a woman named Giseleangelique Rene D'Milian, who wanted their married boyfriend to believe they had given birth to twins while they were out of the country, according to investigators.
After tracking the mother of 3-week-old Eliza De La Cruz to their northern Long Beach residence, D'Milian enlisted McCall to storm the home, where they shot that baby's parents and uncle while fleeing, prosecutors said.
De La Cruz was kidnapped on Jan. 3, 2015, and their body was found in a dumpster at an Imperial Beach strip mall the following day, although investigators believe they were killed the same day they were abducted. It is still unclear why they wound up dead.
McCall was also found guilty of beating a 23-year-old woman with a baseball bat as they attempted to kidnap their 4-month-old son from an El Segundo hotel room about a month after De La Cruz's death.
The baby was unharmed, and hotel employees were able to thwart the abduction when they knocked on the room's door, causing McCall to flee.
The conviction comes more than three years after the violent events unfolded, and McCall and a third defendant still await sentencing. Todd Damon Boudreaux, 46, previously pleaded guilty to one count of being an accessory after the fact in October 2016.
Boudreaux was also scheduled to be sentenced Monday. McCall is facing multiple life sentences, prosecutors said.
D'Milian was sentenced to life in prison in January after pleading no contest to one count first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder.
33.195870 -117.379483
A PAIR of fishermen who headed to the Adelaide River to cast a line found themselves turning into unwitting wildlife rescuers.
Dean Hutchinson and Andrew Illingworth thought they'd head out for a fishing trip on the Adelaide River on their day off Thursday.
Mr Hutchinson said their plans were disrupted when they came across a wallaby desperately swimming in the flooded river. “We had to go across the flood plain and get over sunken cars and road signs to get into the river,” they said. “We got 45 minutes in and came across the first wallaby and there was nowhere at all to drop him.
“So we started heading back towards the boat ramp and we came across another wallaby and a pig.
“They were all gasping for air in the river; they couldn't find any ground to stand on. “There is a lot of water around and all these animals must have been caught by surprise.”
Mr Hutchinson said they spent an hour and a half trying to find somewhere to let the wildlife go, as the exhausted animals lay down in the hull of the tinnie. They said they might wait for the river levels to fall before heading out again.
“There's a lot of water out there.
“We used the depth sounder on the boat to scan the bottom, we came across a car at the bottom of the river – we couldn't even see the roof.”
The Daly River has been evacuated following heavy rain in the region.
The flooding has resulted from widespread rainfall totals of 500 to 600mm over the past week throughout the lower Daly River as well as flows from further upstream.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
NEW YORK The Federal Reserve's $4.5-trillion bond holdings may not shrink as much as previously assumed, and could "normalize" around $2.8 trillion by the end of 2021, the New York Fed said on Thursday in estimated projections that could help answer a question looming over financial markets.
The projections, based on published Fed and Wall Street forecasts of interest rates from December, compare to last year's estimate that the portfolio would ultimately drop to $2.2 trillion by mid-2022 as the U.S. central bank continues to tighten policy and gradually shed bonds.
The Fed amassed the record holdings of Treasury and mortgage securities after three rounds of "quantitative easing" meant to boost U.S. investment and hiring in the wake of the financial crisis and recession.
The annual projections do not take into account minutes from a mid-March meeting, which showed most Fed policymakers expected to start shedding bonds later this year, earlier than most economists had expected, by letting the assets mature.
A separate New York Fed survey done before the meeting but published on Thursday showed most primary-dealer banks expected the Fed to wait until the first half of next year to begin the process. The dealers generally expected the portfolio to have declined to between $3.5 trillion and $4 trillion by the end of 2019.
The central bank, the world's largest holder of U.S. government debt, has been topping up maturing bonds and has not said how much it will ultimately shrink the portfolio, which stood at about $900 billion before the crisis. When it will begin to back away and how far it goes is expected to reverberate through financial markets.
The New York Fed, which manages the portfolio and conducts U.S. monetary policy, estimated that by the fourth quarter of 2021 the portfolio would contain "a slightly higher concentration of Treasury securities than in agency (mortgage-backed) securities." A year ago, it said the portfolio would be "split roughly evenly."
The Fed turns over profits from the bonds to the U.S. Treasury and remitted $91 billion last year, down slightly from 2015. Those remittances are beginning to decline now that the central bank is lifting rates and, to help it do so smoothly, as it pays private banks an increasing rate of interest on their excess reserves.
Under the projections, the remittances to Treasury drop to a trough of $55 billion by 2020. A year ago, the New York Fed projected the trough would be roughly $50 billion in 2019.
Faster rate hikes than currently planned would cut reinvestments more rapidly, and vice versa. The New York Fed stressed the assumptions would be influenced by several things including future policy decisions and economic and market conditions.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
WASHINGTON An expected proposal from moderate Republican Fred Upton to amend the party's healthcare overhaul plan is not likely a deal-breaker for conservative Freedom Caucus members in the U.S. House of Representatives, an aide to a caucus member said on Wednesday.
The comment from the aide, who asked not to be identified as negotiations are continuing, comes as House Republican leaders continued to seek enough support to vote and approve legislation to unwind the 2010 Affordable Care Act.
(Reporting by Richard Cowan; Writing by Susan Heavey; Editing by Frances Kerry)
The whole world is coming together to help Bliss.
Suffering from a rare skull tumor, they were abandoned by their owners at a kill shelter in Texas. According to the 2-year-old canine's GoFundMe page, they were pulled from the shelter by Friends of Emma Medical Rescue, a critical care canine rescue home located in Fort Worth.
The hound home was prepared to provide end of life care to Bliss, initially thinking their skull tumor was fatal. But a visit to the vet revealed that while the tumor is large, it is not affecting their neurological health or any other part of the pooch's well-being.
Since hearing the good news, Friends of Emma Medical Rescue has shifted its efforts from hospice care to planning a long life for the pup.
GoFundMe
A rescuer at the non-profit, Elizabeth Hart, contacted a renowned veterinary cancer surgeon in Ontario, Canada, for help after locals vets were unsure of how to proceed. This vet is confident they can perform the long, precise surgery Bliss needs to remove the tumor for good. After the tumor is removed, a 3D-printed porous polyethylene implant made in Australia will be put in to replace the skull and facial bones removed with the tumor.
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
The surgeon and implant manufacturing company are currently working together to create the perfect custom implant for Bliss. Once everything is ready, the dog will travel with Hart to Canada to undergo the life-changing operation.
Friends of Emma Medical Rescue expects this surgery to occur in mid-June. Until then, the rescue home has started a GoFundMe to help cover Bliss's medical expenses and to provide routine updates on the canine for their growing number of fans.
Kylie Jenner recently parted ways with their on-again, off-again boyfriend Tyga, but is the 19-year-old mini mogul back in the dating game already?
On Saturday, the reality star was spotted hanging out with the hip-hop artist — who was previously linked to older sis Kendall Jenner — at designer Jeremy Scott's Moschino x Candy Crush party at Coachella in Indio, California. The pair have been sparking dating rumors after they and Tyga took a break in early April.
“Kylie and Travis made their way to a private table, where they were joined by friends and enjoyed the DJ,” an observer told PEOPLE. “After five minutes of being in a very crowded space, Travis got up and left the table, and Kylie followed them out with their friends following close behind her.”
FROM COINAGE: The Real Cost of Going to Coachella
And on Sunday, Jenner and their ex-boyfriend had an awkward run-in while waiting for Kendrick Lamar‘s set — during which Scott made a surprise appearance — at the festival. “Travis and Kylie have been friends for a while and they all hang out,” a source previously told PEOPLE. “When they and Tyga are having drama, they try to make them jealous by hanging out with other guys.”
“When Kylie is happy, they're happy — but it's never that simple,” the insider continued. “There's always some kind of drama with Kylie and Tyga.”
With their relationship with Tyga in the past — for now — could Jenner have eyes for Scott? Here are three things to know about the 24-year-old Texas-born rapper:
1. He's Worked with Some of the Biggest Artists in Hip-Hop
The G.O.O.D Music and Grand Hustle signee has definitely made their mark on the industry.
Since hitting it big in 2013, Scott has worked with stars like Kanye West, Future, Andre 3000 and Jay-Z.
In fact, Scott, né Jacques Webster, gushed about working with Jay to New York radio station Hot 97's Ebro in the Morning in September.
“I must say, I've been in the studio with Jay-Z, dog … I thought the freestyle thing was a myth. But, bro!” they said, noting the rumor that the rapper rarely writes down their lyrics.
“This dude, I've never seen them pick up a pen … this dude's freestyling the whole album.”
2. They Are Previously Linked to Rihanna
In 2015, Rihanna and the rapper were spotted out and about together several times during the year — including a “steamy” PDA session in New York, a source said then.
In August of that year, Scott accompanied Rihanna to tattoo artist Bang Bang‘s New York studio when they got new ink.
They were later spotted getting cozy at a New York Fashion Week party, then leaving dinner in West Hollywood the next month.
3. He's Been Close with the Jenner Sisters for Some Time Now
Scott is no stranger to the KarJenner clan. In fact, the “Antidote” singer took to Kendall Jenner‘s star-studded 21st birthday bash in November.
“She worked the room and spent a lot of time with Travis in the beginning,” a source said of Scott then, noting that they performed at the party.
Kendall has long been close with the rapper and the two have been spotted out and about together a few times.
They even appeared in an editorial spread conceptualized by West, modeling Yeezy Season 3 — in which Kim Kardashian West and Khloé Kardashian were also featured.
Pat McGuigan with CapitolBeatOK.com analyzes President Trump's first official State of the Union speech, and talks about the legislature's upcoming regular session.
A A
More than 1,500 people lined up in Portland on Saturday to take home a piece of television history. The NBC show “Grimm,” now airing its sixth and final season, was selling off a warehouse full of the TV show's props, furniture and costumes.
Treasure hunters and fans of the show waited several hours to get a peek at the inventory. Among them were Portland residents Leslie Holder and Randy Friedman.
“We're die-hard ‘Grimm' fans, since pretty much the first episode,” Holder said.
Part of the appeal for them and Friedman was that the show was filmed in Portland.
“We worked in a neighborhood where they filmed a lot. We've been to all the ‘Grimm' galas,” Holder said. “Any chance we get, we're all about ‘Grimm.' ”
“And we have no idea what we'll pick up here,” Friedman added. “We just wanted to be part of this, knowing that it's ending.”
The 40,000-square-foot warehouse location was only released by the company A&S Estate Sales of Oregon on Friday evening. That didn't stop crowds from showing up shortly after.
“We got here at 7 p.m. last night,” said Lisa Lofgren from Gresham, Ore. “We got all our camping gear and came and stayed the night in the parking lot.”
Lofgren's sister works for a furniture restoration company in Oregon, where most of the props and furniture they bought will be resold.
Kimberley Vanwig made the trek overnight from Marysville, north of Seattle.
“I wanted a piece of ‘Grimm' history,” said Vanwig, who considers themselves a big “Grimm” fan.
Vanwig and their boyfriend, Ben Brinkley, stood in line for more than three hours. But the long wait gave them time to focus on their shopping list.
“We're hoping for some signage, some signs for the garage, a clock for the wall,” Vanwig said. “Maybe some kind of prop, weaponry or armor — a big statement piece.”
Back in the parking lot, Colleen Lytle from Kitsap County loaded two 10-foot pillars into their truck. They organize the county's haunted fairgrounds in Washington.
“You know when you're running a haunted house, you've got to have something big,” they said. “Go for the big scares, go for the big props.”
Lytle said their customers will be thrilled to learn about the backstory of the new pillars.
“When our fans come through and they get to see this stuff they're going to be like, ‘Hey that was in ‘Grimm,' ” Lytle said. “They're going to be talking about it.”
The sale continued through Monday.
Barton County Sheriff's Office Incident Log (4/23)
Injury Accident
At 5:47 a.m. an accident was reported at E. US 56 Highway at MM 212 in Ellinwood.
Theft
At 6:23 p.m. a subject took a vehicle without paying for it at 232 SE 30 Avenue.
K9 Use / Call Out
At 10:14 p.m. a K-9 call out was made at 10th Street & MaCarthur Road.
At 11:15 p.m. a K-9 call out was made at 17th Street & Morphy Street.
Great Bend Police Department Incident Log (4/23)
Warrant Arrest
At 11:25 a.m. an office arrested Jacquelin Portillo at 1715 Holland Street on a Municipal Court warrant.
Burglary / In Progress
At 11:55 a.m. a report of someone possibly being in the Great Bend Hotel, 3017 10th Street, was made.
Non-Injury Accident
At 11:59 a.m. an accident was reported at 281 Bypass & 20th Street.
Sick Person
At 12:32 p.m. ambulance assistance was needed at 3503 10th Street.
Battery
At 12:55 p.m. battery was reported at 811 Grant Street.
Breathing Problems
At 1:03 p.m. ambulance assistance was needed at 2519 7th Street.
Non-Injury Accident
At 4:05 p.m. an accident was reported at 3503 10th Street.
Injury Accident
At 6:38 p.m. an accident was reported at Railroad Avenue & Washington Avenue.
Traffic Arrest
At 9 p.m. an arrest was made at 2401 Railroad Avenue.
Traumatic Injuries
At 9:45 p.m. ambulance assistance was needed at 424 Maple Street.
Winnipeg lost veteran forward Matt Hendricks to an upper-body injury early in the first. Coach Paul Maurice said later it didn't look significant.
"In that we lost Matt so early and you get to a shorter bench and a kind of grinding game, we handled it pretty darn well," Maurice said.
The Jets had three shots hit the post in the scoreless second period, while the Avalanche had a 2-on-0 while shorthanded. Matt Nieto and Gabriel Bourque went in alone on Hellebuyck, but Bourque's high shot missed the net.
Hellebuyck had their tongue planted firmly in their cheek when asked about the duo bearing down on him.
"I think I might have intimidated (Bourque) a little bit," they said with a grin.
Nieto described Hellebuyck as a big goalie who takes up a lot of the net.
"If they see the puck he's going to save it," Nieto said. "We just had to get guys in front of them and get more second and third chances."
Bednar said their players looked good for the first half of the game.
"I thought the final 30 minutes of the game our execution was poor," they said. "We were passing into skates and turning the puck over and that led to them creating a bunch of good scoring chances in the second period. Eventually they took over the game."
The Avalanche had a power play with 4:43 left in the third when Jets centre Bryan Little was called for hooking, but Hellebuyck made a couple of stops, a few shots were blocked and Ehlers scored into the empty net with 18 seconds left.
Winnipeg hosts Arizona on Tuesday. Colorado heads home to take on San Jose the same day.
By Judy Owen, The Canadian Press
Just to the right of a heart defibrillator and fire extinguisher, Phil Baker has set up a plastic-top folding table in the cavernous loading dock at the Phoenix Convention Center.
Photo by Art Toalston
Phil Baker brings a witness to loading dockworkers in each city where the SBC holds its annual meetings.
Baker has placed a plastic box there labeled “Prayer Requests,” along with a supply of blank index cards and pencils and a couple dozen devotional booklets.
Another small stack of cards explains what Baker, the building superintendent at the Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) building back in Nashville, is up to in Phoenix and every other city where the SBC holds its annual meetings.
“Thank you for sharing your prayer requests with us,” the dockworkers are told, along with word that they're being prayed for “that God would give you comfort, strength and peace.”
“We would love to share with you about how you can have a personal relationship and deeper walk with Jesus. Look for anyone wearing an SBC Staff badge, they would be happy to talk and pray with you.”
The card's third paragraph is simply John 3:16: “For God so loved the world that They gave Their only Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.”
Baker's work on the dock, however, encompasses more than prayer.
Dock superintendents have been gracious to let them bring several dozen donuts and then speak a few minutes before their “call to work” and safety reminders at 7 or 8 a.m. depending on the city.
Photo by Art Toalston
A dockworker at the Phoenix Convention Center, asks prayer “for my niece who is on drugs, that they may be clean from them to get their kids back, and pray for their husband to stop the abuse they do to her.”
“God gives me what to say,” Baker reflects on the mini-devotionals from Wednesday through Saturdays before the noise erupts from 40-50 dockworkers unloading pallets, crates and boxes from tractor-trailer rigs onto fork lifts to deliver into the exhibit hall through a 20-by-18-foot passageway.
“I've never had a lack of anything to say about Jesus,” Baker recounts.
And they invite the workers to a Bible study on Sunday morning, a half-hour before their start time. “Most of the folks are unchurched,” they say. “Their work is on Sundays a lot of times.” Yet few attend the Bible study since they typically arrive just in time to begin work.
The Sunday attendance has ranged from one to four, except for the 2007 SBC annual meeting in San Antonio when seven attended, including a dock supervisor who had been diagnosed with cancer a few weeks earlier.
As Baker labors alongside a dockworker during the convention set-up, they tell the individual “who my hero is. It seems to be the shortest and most direct way to get their attention.”
“My hero,” they say, “is Jesus.”
And they then likes to cite the Golden Rule, “to treat people the way they want to be treated” to note that “we're going to be different. And if we're not, you let me know.
“We're a caring people, a praying people, a people of the Bible.”
Photo by Art Toalston
dockworkers' yearnings are ready for prayer by SBC Executive Committee staff and volunteers at the Phoenix Convention Center.
Baker first began the loading dock outreach at the 2005 SBC annual meeting in Nashville with guidance from a convention decorating company rep.
“I continually noticed there was something missing on the dock,” they say. “It's easy to just say, ‘How are you doing today? We're praying for you.' What I felt a burden for was to speak to them about what I believe.”
To the dockworkers, it's just another “show,” as they call each incoming convention, until Baker's demeanor begins to take root. “Opportunities,” they say, “are always there.”
Baker, who has directed the SBC Building's maintenance since 1999, also is having been the construction coordinator for the World Changers initiative the past two years in mid-July in Nashville, encompassing about 150 teens from across the country.
As to the prayer requests, Baker takes them to the convention office staffed by the SBC Executive Committee.
“Please take time to pray for these requests received from convention dockworkers,” a notice says atop a tray with a handful of yearnings.
Among them:
“Pray for my niece who is on drugs, that they may be clean from them to get their kids back, and pray for their husband to stop the abuse they do to her.”
“I'm looking for guidance, as I try to move into a new line of work. I want to help others more. It doesn't have to pay as good. ... I have a family to support. ... Much love and appreciation. Please also ... pray for our neighbors. The mother was killed in an accident. They leaf behind a husband and 4 young children.”
“First, thanks so much 4 taking the time & caring enough/at all to pray 4 a stranger. ... Prayer requests: For my friend Donald that the Lord may show Himself in an undeniable way & deliver them from the alcoholism & hurt that's slowly killing him. Also, that Donald's dad come 2 know the Lord b4 they pass because he's getting way up there in age.”
“Please pray for my wife. They travel constantly to dangerous areas.”
“Please pray for all the men and women that are serving our country so that they may come home safely to their families.”
The devotional booklet available to the dockworkers contains 50 entries penned by Van Richmond, a Nashville pastor.
“A lot of seeds have been sown,” Baker says of the loading dock ministry over the years which they hope someday also will have a volunteer chaplain.
“It's wonderful to see people nodding their heads when you're talking about something that hits home. I get that most of the time when we're talking about the Lord.”
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Art Toalston is senior editor of Baptist Press, news service of the Southern Baptist Convention.)
Mainstream media outlets have scrambled to recast Italy's crisis in national sovereignty as a debate over participation in the European Union (EU) and its currency (euro) to draw attention away from President Sergio Mattarella's unprecedented veto of democratic elections.
Walking in perfect ideological lockstep, Reuters stated that “Italy's fresh election risks being referendum on euro” while CNBC declared that “Italian voters brace for euro showdown ahead of snap election,” assertions that have no basis in fact.
The Times of London claimed Wednesday that Italy is “bitterly divided” over Mattarella's decision to scuttle the newly elected government, an assertion that is patently false. Italians are overwhelmingly united in their disgust with and condemnation of Mattarella's decision to prioritize EU and big capital interests over the will of their own citizens.
On Monday, the hashtag #Impeachment was trending on Italian Twitter as Italians lashed out in anger at the president.
For the first time in the history of the Italian republic, a president has thrown out the proposal for a government from democratically elected parties.
Mr. Mattarella further insulted Italian voters by naming former International Monetary Fund (IMF) official Carlo Cottarelli to form a new technocrat government.
Even the harshest critics of the victorious populist coalition have recognized that the Italian president's heavy-handedness would galvanize the nation around the aggrieved parties.
Left-wing former prime minister Massimo D'Alema warned just prior to the elections that “if we have to go back to the ballot box because of a veto of Savona, Salvini will pick up 80 percent” of the vote.
For its part, the national news service ANSA published an article announcing that “impeachment” had found its way back into the Italian vocabulary as a result of Mattarella's unprecedented move.
In the epitome of irony, international stock markets plummeted on Tuesday in the wake of the president's decision, which they claimed they were making to avoid just this sort of market instability.
Italian two-year bonds suffered their biggest sell-off in almost three decades, the Times reported, while the value of the euro dropped by another 0.8 percent and Wall Street declined by more than 1.5 percent as investors shifted out of equities into bonds.
Global Markets Convulse as Investors Reject EU Establishment Position on Italy https://t.co/lpjtlaQESS — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) May 29, 2018
Mattarella said they feared that the nomination of eminent economist and Eurosceptic Paolo Savona would have sent a message of “alarm” to “economic and financial operators” in their justification for vetoing the government.
The Left has reacted by trying to paint the debate (and probable upcoming elections) as a thumbs up or down to participation in the euro, which would threaten “the economic and financial stability of our country,” rather than an issue of national sovereignty vs. Brussels. The leaders of both the 5-Star Movement and the League have denied this allegation.
The scaremongering is meant to frighten Italian voters into abandoning the populist parties out of fear of losing pensions and economic subsidies from the EU.
Meanwhile, the popularity of the two victorious parties has surged in recent days, with that of the League growing by a remarkable 8 percent, while that of establishment parties has fallen to record lows.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
Danny Willett of England hits off the second tee in first round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
AUGUSTA, Georgia Danny Willett used an eagle at the par-five 13th to help overcome a shaky start in their bid to retain the U.S. Masters title at windswept Augusta National on Thursday.
Willett arrived at the year's first major under the radar given their poor play since last year's breakthrough triumph and seemed ready to fade from Masters memory after following up a double-bogey at the first with bogey at the second.
"You're almost kind of hoping that you dropped all your shots just in one go," the Englishman said of their mindset after the second hole. "And we kind of did. We played pretty steady from there on in."
Willet's opening tee shot sailed far right into the trees near a service road. They needed two shots to reach the fairway from there before landing on the green and two-putting.
The 575-yard par-five second offered a chance to get a stroke back but Willett sliced their drive on the way to a bogey for a start that could not have been further from what they envisioned while getting dressed in the Champions Locker Room.
Willet dug deep and responded quickly with a birdie at the par-four third and picked up another stroke at the par-four 10th where their approach from about 180 yards stopped some eight inches from the hole.
After a bogey at 11, the 29-year-old Willett finally grinded back to even par at the par-five 13th where they made the only eagle at the hole all day after their approach from 220 yards stopped about 11 feet from the cup.
A bogey at the last gave them a one-over-par 73 that left them eight shots back of first-round leader Charley Hoffman.
"We're just trying to get the game back in shape, regardless of where you are at and which week," said Willett, who has not won a tournament since last year when they became the second Englishman after Nick Faldo to don the Green Jacket.
"We're just trying to get the game back somewhere where we can get back up there and compete."
(Editing by Larry Fine)
TORONTO — An 18-year-old university student is dead following an overnight house fire in east-end Toronto that sent three other students to hospital.
Fire officials say all four people are believed to be tenants who attended the University of Toronto Scarborough campus, including one who jumped from a second floor window to escape the blaze.
Their conditions were unknown late Wednesday morning.
Deputy Fire Chief Jim Jessop says the young woman's body was found in a second-floor bedroom, where it remained for several hours.
US President Donald Trump's decision on Jerusalem has faced outrage in the Muslim world and sparked international criticism as a threat to the peace process in the Middle East.
Iran Calls for Response to US
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has criticized the move by US President Donald Trump recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital, calling it a "plan" against Palestine and the Muslim world, according to Press TV.
"The Islamic Republic of Iran strongly condemns this US move," Rouhani said Monday in a phone call with Ismail Haniyeh, the leader of Palestine's Hamas movement.
Rouhani said that the "incorrect" move by the US and Israel has demonstrated that they "do not want to officially recognize the Palestinian people's rights."
READ MORE: Possible Motives Behind Trump's Recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's Capital
The Iranian president also called on all movements in Palestine to respond to Tel Aviv and Washington.
Haniyeh, in turn, said that Trump's decision was a blatant violation of rights of all Muslims, adding that Palestine would never allow Israel and the US to implement their plan.
Hezbollah Calls to Isolate US, Israel
Addressing the nation, the leader of Lebanon's Hezbollah movement on Monday called to isolate the US and Israel in response to the Jerusalem decision.
Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah pointed out the negative international reaction to Trump's move, saying as a result of these reactions Washington has become even more isolated among other nations.
They called on all Arab countries, first of all Palestine, to stand up to Trump's decision on the status of Jerusalem.
"The whole nation must stand up in the face of this American threat," they said, as quoted by PressTV.
Nasrallah also said that one of the most powerful responses to Trump's decision would be isolating Israel.
"We must put pressure on the Arab and Islamic states to repeal peace treaties and other deals with Israel. I call on Palestinians to kick out any delegation that aims to visit them from countries that have normalized relations with Israel, no matter what the background of those delegations is," they said.
READ MORE: Netanyahu Hopes EU to Follow Trump's 'Recognition of Reality' on Jerusalem
On Wednesday, Trump declared Jerusalem the capital of the Israeli state and announced the US would start moving its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. The move has faced backlash in Muslim countries and sparked international criticism.
On Thursday, the Hamas leader called for a new "intifada" in response to Trump's decision and urged Arab countries to suspend cooperation with the US.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov smiles as they arrive for a signing ceremony following a meeting of Russian President Vladimir Putin with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum 2016 (SPIEF 2016) in St. Petersburg, Russia, June... REUTERS/Grigory Dukor
MOSCOW Kremlin is extremely worried by pressure put in Ukraine on the Russian business, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday.
Kiev has recently imposed sanctions on Sberbank (SBER.MM) and other Russian state-owned banks operating in Ukraine as part of a broader flare-up in tensions linked to separatist regions of eastern Ukraine which are backed by Russia.
Russian media has also reported that some Ukrainian nationalists have staged protests over Russian business in Ukraine.
"We've been following this and are extremely worried," Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told a regular phone call with journalists.
(Reporting by Maria Tsvetkova; writing by Vladimir Soldatkin; editing by Polina Devitt)
Need a new job? Here's how to use the tools you have to your advantage
Published 12:00 PM, March 20, 2018
Are you job hunting or looking for an alternative job? I strongly advise that you maximize LinkedIn for your job search or even for simply managing your career to take you where you want to be. It has worked for me: LinkedIn has been quite instrumental in my own shift from marketing to organizational development.
Using advanced optimization tools and keywords, you can position your profile to attract the attention of HR, recruiting or hiring managers, and even headhunters within your target industry. This can help you expand your professional network either on a local, regional, or global scope with professionals in the same industry, industry thought leaders in the field, and target companies.
LinkedIn optimization service can also help your LinkedIn profile to appear as a top search result when hiring managers Google your name and perform research on you, your background, and qualifications. Their optimization service can also help accelerate the application process on the LinkedIn job board.
The LinkedIn Job Board is probably one of the best sources for job postings. I recommend it because: (1) you can set up your job preferences and directly receive recommendations for jobs that match your expertise, experience, and career campaign objectives; (2) you can directly send your profile and resumé to the hiring manager's email address and/or LinkedIn profile inboxes; and (3) you can try the “premium” option – which includes valuable features including direct messaging to recruiters, online video courses, and applicant insights to see how you compare to other candidates – free for one month. Also, there is a feature where you can see who has viewed your profile in the last 90 days and how they found you. You can even become a “featured applicant” and move to the top of recruiters' application lists.
After you have set your LinkedIn profile ready for optimization, here are some helpful tips and proven strategies that you can use to maximize LinkedIn for your job search:
Request for professional recommendations. In my opinion, the most powerful and business-critical function of your LinkedIn is having clients, former (or even current) managers, and even colleagues vouch for your competency and character. This will definitely build your credibility and give you a competitive edge in the eyes of hiring managers. I personally suggest that you have at least two recommendations for every job position that you've had. As an employer, I'll probably look for 10 recommendations on LinkedIn profile.
By the way, you also need to give recommendations to other colleagues with your LinkedIn profile. That's normally how it works.
Build and expand your connections. You never know when a connection will prove to be valuable, so make it a regular practice to connect with people you conduct business with or interact with on LinkedIn. It's important to grow and expand your connections because at the end of the day, your true value is not in your wealth, but in your connections. In job hunting, “word-of-mouth” networking is where the most promising and powerful job leads come from.
Become involved in LinkedIn groups and discussions. Within LinkedIn, you will find the option to join, follow, and participate in a vast variety of industry-related groups and discussions. Try to become as involved as possible, as you want to keep a high profile both inside and outside of your network. Ask questions, reference relevant and informative news articles, and you could even moderate a group that involves job search and/or professionals in your area of subject matter expertise.
Capitalize on applications or plug-ins to your LinkedIn. Complete your LinkedIn experience by using some these applications available on the platform. I write a lot of articles like this one so I automatically post it on my LinkedIn account. But I can also write an article on Linkedin! If you are an avid blogger on job-related topics that demonstrate your authoritative knowledge and professionalism, there is an application that allows you to directly post onto LinkedIn. You can also directly post what you are reading via Amazon, and you can utilize Tripit to tell your connections where you are, if you frequently travel for your job. All these can build a possible impression about you, who you are, and what you can do.
Research your target companies. When applying for a job in a new company, always check out their company LinkedIn business page first, because you can find important information there, including a company description, number of employees, and recent news. This information will be helpful for your cover letter, thank you letter, and the interview process itself.
Take advantage of LinkedIn's learning opportunities. LinkedIn has continuing education opportunities for professional development within your career. You can discover hundreds of business topics to boost your credentials to become even more attractive in the eyes of your target companies. These are online courses so they are easy to watch or read. An extremely popular platform for sharing presentations and information online is their SlideShare. It's a great marketing tool, not just for companies, but also for individuals searching for new jobs. – Rappler.com
Boris Joaquin is a corporate trainer, executive coach and consultant.  They are an investor in People (UK) specialist and co-founder of Breakthrough Leadership Management Consultancy which carries Salt and Light Ventures and founder of Project Purpose Philippines. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter @borisjoaquin
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Aggies Shut Out Alabama, 2-0, for Fifth Consecutive Win
COLLEGE STATION, Texas – The No. 19 Texas A&M Aggies rattled off their fifth consecutive win and back-to-back shutouts as they blanked the Alabama Crimson Tide, 2-0, at Ellis Field Thursday night.
The victory improved Texas A&M's mark to 9-2-1 on the season and 4-1-0 in SEC play. Alabama dropped to 8-5-1 overall and 0-4-1 in league action.
The last two SEC Offensive Player of the Week winners connected on the first goal for the Aggies. Callyn Walton sent a ball into the penalty spot from 35 yards out. An Alabama clearance header came out to Cienna Arrieta, left of the penalty arc. The El Paso, Texas native allowed the ball to take one hop to eye level and as it dropped back down they ripped a volley goalward. Ally Watt won a race with the goalkeeper, sending a header from seven yards out into the back netting for the 1-0 lead.
The Aggies went into the intermission with the one-goal lead and held slim edges in shots (6-5) and corner kicks (3-1).
Alabama was forced to soldier on for the last 34 minutes down one player after Nealy Martin was issued their second yellow card of the match.
Texas A&M kept searching for insurance goal, keeping the high offensive pressure. Claudette Lassandro appeared to give the Aggies the much-cherished second goal when they sent a free kick from the right side of the penalty box and roped a shot through traffic finding the back of the net, but a Texas A&M player was deemed to have committed an infraction, keeping the score at 1-0.
The Aggies finally added to the lead in the 87th minute. With the Maroon & White bleeding the clock, Brittany Crabtree stripped the ball from a Crimson Tide midfielder 40 yards out and weaved through traffic, dribbling into the penalty arc. They found a clear shooting lane and sent a left-footed shot between the keeper and the right post for their first goal of the season.
Cosette Morché made two saves for the Aggies as they recorded their fifth shutout of the season.
Both backlines were stout as the two teams combined for just five shots-on-goal, with three by the Aggies and two by Crimson Tide.
The Aggies return to action Sunday when the Maroon & White travel to Athens for a 4:05 p.m. contest against the Georgia Bulldogs.
TEXAS A&M QUOTES
Head Coach G Guerrieri
On tonight's performance…
“Great result, to start off with. I think the difference was the speed up front, pressing them and not allowing them to get the ball out the way they would like to. I thought that our midfield did a good job, and our forwards really did a good job, of not just pressing but even when we would win the ball we didn't give the ball back. We made them have to chase us a little bit especially towards the end as they were really having to chase the game, we made them chase not just the game but also Ally Watt. They had to do a lot of things. I was really pleased with the way the whole team played, honestly.”
On defensive play…
“Our defense was terrific. Now that's two shutouts in a row. Cosette (Morché) is going to have to make just a couple saves a game, but she's got to be able to read the defense the whole time, and that's where she's really learning and getting better and better. She's a great shot-stopper, and now she's becoming an even better leader.”
Sophomore forward Ally Watt
On the win…
“We had a game plan this weekend to really go in high pressure. We have really seen that with the teams they've been playing. Phil (Stephenson) has been really focus on us pressing. So every forward that goes up there, Claudette (Lassandro), Rheagen (Smith), Brittany (Crabtree) and Haley (Pounds) we all make sure we put as much pressure as we can. If we need to rotate subs, we rotate them. Good job by all the forwards and the midfield is always backing us up when we press so good job to them as well. They really held it down for us today.”
On their go-ahead goal…
“I was really hoping that the keeper wasn't coming off their line because I would have lost that battle against them  They are a tough player, she's tall and big. I knew I had to go in after the ball because I haven't been able to finish any of my crosses so I was taking every chance I got. I was really lucky to get that header in.”
Sophomore defender Briana Alston
On feeling confident with covering Alabama's forwards…
“Definitely as the game went on I started to feel more comfortable with our back three. And position-wise the back three knew where to be.”
On going from playing right back to center back…
“All my life I have played center, so I was used to it and felt comfortable back there but definitely going from right to inside is definitely more of a leadership role but as the game went on I got more used to that.”
Story courtesy of Texas A&M Athletics
If you're worried about being buried under the patriarchal norms of a male-dominated society, then Gothenburg-based Gillis Edman's funeral home is your choice. The undertaker's staff has received special training in LGBT issues to become the nation's first to offer their clients fully neutral funerals that have no bias whatsoever with respect to issues such as religion or sexuality, Swedish Radio reported.
"The aim of the training course was to learn the basics of equal treatment, terminology and care. It is based on the UN Declaration on Human Rights, which states that everyone is born free and should be treated equally," the company's CEO Anna Carin Timgren told Swedish Radio.
According to Timgren, their business is adjusting to the zeitgeist to keep the most demanding customers satisfied.
"Now the industry has changed and there is much to learn. We meet people who are not getting the treatment they would like to," Timgren explained.
In recent years, the LGBT-certifying of various premises and activities, including schools, hospitals, churches, real estate companies and refugee accommodations, has become a growing trend in Sweden. Swedish municipalities spare no tax-payers' kronor to obtain certification to strike a blow for the minorities' cause.
In most cases, certification is carried out by the Swedish Federation for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Queer Rights ( RFSL ), which is a volunteer NGO and a major lobbying force for the LGBT community. During the educational courses which include 20 hours of training, RFSL charges 4,000 SEK ($500) per employee. An LGBT certification for a company of 25 employees costs therefore about 100,000 SEK ($12,000) plus VAT. A certificate is only is valid for three years, whereupon "re-certification" is carried out every three years, making Swedish municipalities' certification expenditures total hundreds of thousands of kronor.
A recent survey conducted by the pollster Sifo, commissioned by funeral home Fonus, revealed that seven out of ten Swedes would like a "green" funeral. The most popular options to reduce one's environmental impact while pushing up daisies include bio-degradable coffins, urns or headstones, as well as burial shrouds made of organic cotton,. One may also have ashes scattered, use biodiesel for funeral transport or use locally produced food and flowers at the service, Swedish newspaper Sydsvenskan reported.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
× IB man who killed wealthy boyfriend to inherit their estate gets life in prison
SAN DIEGO – An Imperial Beach man who stabbed their boyfriend to death and dumped their body in a ravine near Rosarito Beach, Mexico, so they could inherit the dead man's estate, was sentenced Monday to life in prison.
David Enrique Meza, 27, was convicted after a federal trial of murdering Texas retiree Jake Clyde Merendino, who was 51 years old.
The victim was stabbed 24 times and their throat was slashed to the point of near decapitation, prosecutors said.
“This murder was shockingly evil … excessively so,” U.S. District Judge Jeffrey Miller said.
The victim's body was found next to the highway between Rosarito and Ensenada in the early morning hours of May 2, 2015.
Meza was convicted of foreign domestic violence resulting in death and conspiracy to obstruct justice.
“If we try to visualize what happened, we visualize blow, after blow, after blow, after blow, after slash, after slash, after slash, after blow, and repeat another three times … one can't imagine the torture and torment Mr. Merendino experienced,” the judge said.
According to evidence presented at trial, Meza and Merendino met online in June 2013 and were involved in a romantic relationship thereafter.
At the same time, Meza was allegedly also involved in a long-term romantic relationship with Taylor Marie Langston, a Chula Vista High graduate who was pregnant with their child at the time of the murder. Prosecutors said Meza was living a double life.
Merendino's death came two days after they closed escrow on a luxury oceanfront condominium in Rosarito. Meza was the beneficiary.
Within days of the murder, Meza produced a handwritten will on hotel stationary that made them sole heir to Merendino's estate.
Prosecutors said Meza and Merendino drove to Mexico on April 30, 2015, to close on the condo. The next day, they returned to Baja — Merendino driving their Range Rover and Meza following on their motorcycle. The condo wasn't ready, so Meza and Merendino checked into a hotel in Rosarito. About 10:30 p.m., the hotel manager heard a motorcycle leaving the hotel and Meza was seen crossing back into the United Stated at about 11 p.m.
Prosecutors said Meza returned to Mexico in the early morning hours of May 2, 2015.
Merendino was last seen alive that same morning, when they drove out of the hotel parking lot, telling a security guard that they needed to help a friend stranded on the road. Their body was found around 3 a.m.
That night, Meza and their fiancee returned to the hotel in Rosarito in the Range Rover, prosecutors said.
Meza told hotel staff they were there to pick up their personal items from the room they had shared with Merendino.
This report studies the global Games And Puzzles market, analyzes and researches the Games And Puzzles development status and forecast in the United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia.
This report studies the global Games And Puzzles market, analyzes and researches the Games And Puzzles development status and forecast in the United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia.
This report focuses on the top players in global market, like
Ravensburger AG (Germany)
Hasbro (US)
Buffalo Games (US)
Springbok Puzzles (US)
Cobble Hill (Outset Media) (Canada)
Castor Drukarnia (Poland)
Ceaco, Inc. (US)
Gibsons (US)
Educa Borras, S.A.U. (Spain)
Eurographics, Inc. (Canada)
Heye Puzzle (Germany)
Market segments by Regions/Countries, this report covers
United States
EU
Japan
China
India
Southeast Asia
Market segments by Type, the product can be split into
Licensed
Non-licensed
Market segments by Application, Games And Puzzles can be split into
E-commerce
Brick and Mortar
Table of Contents
Global Games And Puzzles Market Size, Status and Forecast 2025
1 Industry Overview of Games And Puzzles
1.1 Games And Puzzles Market Overview
1.1.1 Games And Puzzles Product Scope
1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook
1.2 Global Games And Puzzles Market Size and Analysis by Regions (2013-2018)
1.2.1 United States
1.2.2 EU
1.2.3 Japan
1.2.4 China
1.2.5 India
1.2.6 Southeast Asia
1.3 Games And Puzzles Market by Type
1.3.1 Licensed
1.3.2 Non-licensed
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now!
https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-games-and-puzzles-market-size-status-and-forecast-2025/request-sample
Become part of not just a development team but also a family. My client is looking for an Intermediate to Senior C# Developer who fits the criteria below. They are located on the West Coast in Cape Town, looking at the amazing Table Mountain. Qualification:MatricBCom...
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
Press TV, referencing a UK charity, have reported that the majority of the 145,000 Rohingya children who have fled to Bangladesh to escape the violent military crackdown by the Myanmar authorities are suffering from severe malnutrition.
According to the Disasters Emergency Committee charity, there are also over 50,000 pregnant and breastfeeding Rohingya women who are in desperate need of proper nutrition.
A spokesperson for Save the Children humanitarian response team in Bangladesh described the fast-growing influx of refugees from Myanmar as the biggest challenge to efforts to save the young refugees and their families.
© AP Photo/ Dar Yasin Despite Repatriation Efforts Rohingya Refugee Crisis Far From Being Over
According to World Food Program representatives working on the ground, the constant and rapid flow of people is overwhelming Bangladesh, which has been particularly hard hit with rains that have resulted in heavy flooding and interrupted aid operations.
Bangladesh still plans to expand a massive settlement in the south to accommodate nearly the 900,000 Rohingya Muslim refugees that have streamed into the country from Myanmar.
Over half a million Rohingyas have fled Myanmar since August 25 amid the recent spike in violence in the country's western state of Rakhine.
The Rohingya Muslims are not recognized as citizens by Myanmar and are largely seen as illegal immigrants originating from Bangladesh.
The conflict between the country's Buddhists and Muslims, which actually originates from the 19th century, intensified on August 25, 2017, when Muslim insurgents of Rohingya origin attacked security posts in Rakhine.
The attacks prompted a vicious response by Myanmar's authorities, resulting in clashes and death of hundreds of Rohingya, while hundreds of thousands have fled the conflict area.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — There was nothing haphazard about the violence that erupted on Saturday in this bucolic town in Virginia's heartland. At about 10 a.m. Saturday, at one of countless such confrontations, an angry mob of white supremacists formed a battle line across from a group of counter-protesters, many of them older and gray-haired, who had gathered near a church parking lot. On command from their leader, the young men charged and pummeled their ideological foes with abandon. One woman was hurled to the pavement, and the blood from their bruised head was instantly visible.
Standing nearby, an assortment of Virginia State Police troopers and Charlottesville police wearing protective gear watched silently from behind an array of metal barricades — and did nothing.
It was a scene that played out over and over in Charlottesville as law enforcement confronted the largest public gathering of white supremacists in decades. We walked the streets beginning in the early morning hours and repeatedly witnessed instances in which authorities took a largely laissez faire approach, allowing white supremacists and counter-protesters to physically battle.
Officials in Charlottesville had publicly promised to maintain control of the “Unite the Right” rally, which is the latest in a series of chaotic and bloody racist rallies that have roiled this college town, a place deeply proud of its links to Thomas Jefferson and the origins of American Democracy.
But the white supremacists who flooded into the city's Emancipation Park — a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee sits in the center of the park — had spent months openly planning for war. The Daily Stormer, a popular neo-Nazi website, encouraged rally attendees to bring shields, pepper spray, and fascist flags and flagpoles. A prominent racist podcast told its listeners to come carrying guns. “Bring whatever you need, that you feel you need for your self defense. Do what you need to do for security of your own person,” said Mike “Enoch” Peinovich on The Right Stuff podcast.
And the white supremacists who showed up in Charlottesville did indeed come prepared for violence. Many wore helmets and carried clubs, medieval-looking round wooden shields, and rectangular plexiglass shields, similar to those used by riot police.
Clad in a black, Nazi-style helmet, Matthew Heimbach told ProPublica, “We're defending our heritage.” Heimbach, who heads the Traditionalist Workers Party, a self-declared fascist group, said they were willing to die for their cause and would do whatever it took to defend himself. They were surrounded by a brigade of white supremacists, including members of the League of the South and the National Socialist Movement.
By the time Heimbach and their contingent arrived in downtown Charlottesville shortly before 11 a.m., what had started hours earlier with some shoving and a few punches had evolved into a series of wild melees as people attacked one another with fists, feet, and the improvised weapons they'd brought with them to the park. White supremacists and anti-racists began blasting each other with thick orange streams of pepper spray.
The police did little to stop the bloodshed. Several times, a group of assault-rifle-toting militia members from New York State, wearing body armor and desert camo, played a more active role in breaking up fights.
Shortly before noon, authorities shut down the rally and the related demonstrations and marched the white supremacists out of the park and into the streets.
Charlottesville Vice Mayor Wes Bellamy defended the police tactics. “I'm not in the business of throwing our police department under the bus, because they're doing the best job they can, ” said Bellamy. “I don't think the police officers were just twiddling their thumbs.”
The skirmishes culminated in what appears to have been an act of domestic terrorism, with a driver ramming their car into a crowd of anti-racist activists on a busy downtown street, killing one and injuring 19 according to the latest information from city officials. Charlottesville authorities tonight reported that a 20-year-old Ohio man had been arrested and had been charged with murder.
Two state police officers also died in a helicopter crash.
At a brief press conference this evening, Virginia officials declined to answer questions about the police response, but said they were not taken surprise by the violence or the number of protesters. “This could have been a much worse day,” said Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, “We planned for a long time for (Saturday's) incidents.”
Charlottesville police Chief Al Thomas said at least 35 people had been injured — many of them from violent encounters between white supremacists and the counter-protesters. They said nobody had been wounded due to confrontations between police and the public.
In the weeks leading up to the protest, city and state officials put together a detailed plan for the rally, mobilizing 1,000 first responders, including 300 state police troopers and members of the National Guard. Judging from how events unfolded on Saturday, it appears that the strategy was to avoid direct confrontations with the protesters.
Miriam Krinsky, a former federal prosecutor who has worked on police reform efforts in Los Angeles, said it was too early to assess the law enforcement response in Charlottesville.
But they said a strategy of disengagement generally works to embolden unruly crowds.
“If things start to escalate and there's no response, it can very quickly get out of control,” they said. “Individuals can and will get hurt.”
But an overly forceful response, they said, can also make the situation worse. Krinsky said attempts to seize weapons might have led to more clashes between police and protesters. “Trying to take things away from people is unlikely to be a calming influence,” they told ProPublica.
A good strategy, they said, is to make clashes less likely by separating the two sides physically, with officers forming a barrier between them. “Create a human barrier so the flash points are reduced as quickly as possible,” they said.
A.C. Thompson and Karim Hajj reported from Charlottesville, Va. Robert Faturechi reported from New York.
ProPublica is a Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative newsroom. Sign up for their newsletter.
[UK], Dec 11 (ANI): A senior British executive of the Force India Formula One team, appearing as the defence witness for Vijay Mallya, vehemently denied the Indian government's allegation that the Force India Formula 1 racing team was used to illegally channel money to the liquor baron, on Monday.
Presenting their testimony at London's Westminster Magistrates Court, Margaret Sweeney, the chief financial officer of Force India, dismissed the government's claim that payments adding up to tens of millions of dollars made by Kingfisher Airlines in lieu of its sponsorship of the Force India team were given to Mallya.
Sweeney told the court that Kingfisher Airlines had entered into a 12-year partnership worth USD 122 million with Force India in 2010, but the sponsorship agreement was terminated after two years owing to the airline company's financial difficulties, thus forcing Force India to repay some of the sponsorship money back to Kingfisher Airlines.
The Government of India had claimed that several payments by Kingfisher Airlines to Force India, including two payments totalling to USD 9 million, were transferred to Mallya's personal use. To this end, Sweeney said the amount was used to make payments to Mercedes-Benz, which supplies engines to Force India and to McLaren Engineering, a UK-based racing services provider.
The defence witness also responded to Indian government's claims about Kingfisher making payments greater than its contracted amount, and argued that sponsors routinely made extra payments in lieu of extra hospitality including for paddock tickets and luncheons at races around the world.
The Indian Government had also claimed that several payments made to Force India by Airbus Industries and EADS were "illegal payments" used by Mallya. However, Sweeney dismissed the claims, saying both companies made payments as they had their logos on the Force India car.
Today was the fourth day of proceedings in Mallya's extradition case, and was attended by members of the CBI and Enforcement Directorate from India, Mallya's wife Pinky Lalvani and members of their defence team.
Mallya's defence team will later call Dr Martin Lau, Professor of South Asian Law at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London.
In the last hearing Paul Rex, a London-based banking expert called in by Mallya's defence team, said that the liquor baron wasn't aware of Kingfisher Airlines' impending failure when they sought loan from banks.
Rax pointed out "glaring gaps" in the credit analysis process done by IDBI Bank, State Bank of India and other institutions, to grant loans totaling more than Rs 2,000 crore to now-defunct Kingfisher Airlines in 2009.
The liquor baron, who is currently in London, is wanted in India for financial irregularities involving a total amount of Rs 9,000 crore as well as money laundering.
Mallya's extradition trial began at the London's Westminster court on December 4, wherein Britain's Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) outlined the Indian government's case against him.
The Indian government through CPS has been contending in the court that liquor baron had misled banks back home with regard to their company's net worth while seeking loan totalling around Rs 2,000 crore.
Mallya, who has been out on bail since Scotland Yard executed an extradition warrant in April this year, will be in the dock for the duration of the trial scheduled to end on December 14. (ANI)
Toronto FC will hold its victory parade through the downtown core of the city today, two days after winning its first MLS Cup in franchise history.
Toronto beat the Seattle Sounders 2-0 in the championship game at BMO Field Saturday night, becoming the first Canadian team to win the MLS Cup.
The parade is scheduled to start outside Toronto's Air Canada Centre around noon ET and wrap up with a fan rally at Nathan Phillips Square.
Toronto (20-5-9) was the best team during the regular season and set a record with 69 points — the most ever in MLS history.
A nasty flu season means workers are staying home, and it's costing employers a bundle.
Scroll for more content...
Businesses can expect to take at hit of at least $15.4 billion in lost productivity due to this year's flu season, according to a study released Friday by outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas Inc.
Flu activity is now widespread in 48 states and Puerto Rico, according to the CDC's most recent weekly report.
This year's season is especially bad because the the flu vaccine isn't working well to combat the predominant strain, H3N2.
Related: Can Amazon do to health care what it did to books?
The CDC predicts that 18 million employed adults will miss four workdays due to the flu.
If those employees are making the average hourly wage of $26.63, employers could be out more than $15.4 billion -- 64% more than Challenger estimated it would cost businesses last month.
In January, the firm estimated that the flu season could cost businesses $9.4 billion dollars in lost productivity.
This flu season has already killed at least 53 children in the United States, according to the CDC.
There are 126,117 new laboratory-confirmed cases of the illness, according to CDC tracking data. These numbers do not include all the people who have had the flu, as many do not see a doctor when sick.
Mason County deputies said a man faces charges after a 6-year-old boy said they smacked them in the face because the child ate the last breadstick at their house.
Benjamin Lucas Boster, 36, of Southside was charged Saturday with child abuse resulting in injury and child abuse creating risk of injury, according to a criminal complaint filed in Mason County Magistrate Court.
The complaint said the boy's father picked up their son Friday from Boster's house on Kanawha Valley Road in Southside and noticed bruises on their face and backside. The boy's mother told the father to keep an eye on the boy, because they aren't acting right and had fallen and hit their head.
After the boy was asked what happened, they said their mother's boyfriend, Boster, smacked them in the face and slammed their head against the wall. The complaint said the boy believed they were hit because they ate the last breadstick. The boy also said Boster hit them previously with a backscratcher, made them eat off the floor and locked them outside of the house after dark for long periods of time.
Boster was placed under arrest by deputies after the boy's statement and visible injuries, the complaint said. They were booked into Western Regional Jail at 2 p.m. Saturday. Bond information was not listed on the West Virginia Regional Jail's website.
Comments
comments
INDIANAPOLIS -- If you owned one of the original Playstation 3 “phat” consoles that were released back in 2006, you may be owed some money.
PCMag.com reports that the original PS3 console – or the “phat” PS3 had the ability to install an alternative operating system but when the smaller “slim” model was released, the operating system functionality was removed because of security concerns.
Those changes resulted in a class action lawsuit which dragged on until a settlement was reached in 2016 allowing PS3 owners to claim $65 – but time's almost up.
Anyone who owns a “phat” PS3 still has until April 15 to submit the claim form.
To file a claim, a person must have purchased their PS3 from an “authorized retailer” and include their PSN username and PS3 serial number. The offer is only good for 20GB, 40GB, 60GB and 80GB models.
To submit your claim click here.
If reports are to be believed, India's cricket captain Virat Kohli and Bollywood actor Anushka Sharma got married on Monday morning in Italy after four years of courtship. An official confirmation is expected soon.
Reportedly, Virat and Anushka tied the knot in a private ceremony at a heritage resort called Borgo Finocchieto, a 800-year-old village that's one of the famous destination wedding locations near Tuscany.
While we wait for the confirmation, here's all that transpired since the Virushka wedding rumours first surfaced last week...
Just in!@AnushkaSharma and @imVkohli
official statement and wedding pictures to be released soon. Stay tuned for more updates from us.https://t.co/SoEsVFlJbe — Filmfare (@filmfare) December 11, 2017 More to follow...
Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) on Monday invoked the violent weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia in order to show their support for National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster.
McMaster's character has come under attack recently from various online personalities and outlets aligned with the so-called “alt-right,” a movement of misogynists and white supremacists birthed in online message boards like 4chan.
“I have had the pleasure of knowing General H.R. McMaster for many years, and greatly respect and admire their outstanding service to the nation,” McCain said in a statement. “The recent attacks upon them from the so-called ‘alt-right' are disgraceful.”
“I hope the President will once again stand up for their national security adviser and denounce these repugnant attacks, which arise from the same purveyors of hatred and ignorance who precipitated the recent violence in Charlottesville,” they added.
McMaster is largely seen as having positioned themselves opposite chief strategist Steve Bannon as a voice in President Donald Trump's ear. Breitbart News, the conservative website Bannon once ran — and which they praised as “the platform for the alt-right” in July 2016 — has come out strongly against McMaster in recent weeks.
And Mike Cernovich, a popular conspiracy-minded journalist and provocateur, has alleged without evidence that McMaster has a drinking problem.
One reported Bannon ally and an former member of McMaster's National Security Council, Rich Higgins, was fired in July over a memo linking “globalists and Islamists” and “cultural Marxists” as part of a wide-reaching plot to undermine Trump's presidency, the Atlantic first reported on Aug. 2. Trump voiced their support for McMaster in a statement on Aug. 5.
Various white supremacist groups and others affiliated with the alt-right protested in Charlottesville on Saturday against the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a park. One man who had earlier been photographed with a white supremacist group was detained after allegedly ramming their car into a group of counter-protesters, killing one and injuring at least 20.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The scene: desolation. The time: the aftermath of a cataclysm that has destroyed civilization and left only industrial scaffolding and piles of junk. Piles that include, let's see, a bucketful of juggling clubs, a couple of unicycles, a teeter board and, oh yes, a drum kit.
In the whimsical imagination of Machine de Cirque, this wasteland provides the raw material for rebuilding the world. It may have ended with a whimper but it's revived with a bang – not to mention a crash and a whoosh. The 90-minute display of “controlled mayhem,” as one critic described it, comes to the UMass Fine Arts Center Concert Hall on Wednesday at 7:30.
The troupe's four acrobat/juggler/clowns, joined by a found-object musician, are seeking to make contact with other survivors of the apocalypse. In this quest, they devise Rube Goldberg contraptions out of civilization's leftovers, pausing regularly to brandish their multiple circus skills in a pell-mell performance that blends fantasy, humor, daredevil hijinks and, in a hilarious G-rated finale, nudity.
Tickets $20-$40, Five College students and youth 17 and under $10-$15. 413-545-2511, 800-999-UMAS, or fineartscenter.com/cirque. Extra added attraction: a French prix-fixe dinner at the UClub before the show. Menu and reservations at fineartscenter.com/prixfixe.
Chris Rohmann is at StageStruck@crocker.com
Related Posts
Speech to Text for High Tea for the Heart
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
"1"-woman every "80"-seconds the united states. "today".. is "national wear re day for women's heart health". it draws attention "to the dangerous trend". locally.. "people" gathered "for high tea for the heart". "this event" is a fundraiser "for the union health foundation" to support women's heart education. there was "a style show".. put on by local businesses. "free heart health screenings". were also available. "union health" is excited about today's turn-out. ///// ////// "i just think there's a nice commorady. a lot of people wearing red, showing that unity, and men as well. it's really nice to be part of this event and we have a lot of fun with it. " ////// this year's event sold out! many of us here at news 10 are wearing red today in support of the "go red" movement! [e4]tease 4 (truck into biz)-vo "a community".. says goodbye " an american hero".
With the lone suspect in a Nashville mass shooting still on the loose Sunday morning, area churches tightened security and heightened their focus on prayer.
“It was a scary thing to a lot of our people,” said Cathey Williams, the ministry assistant at Hickory Hollow Baptist Church, which is less than two miles from a Waffle House where Travis Reinking is accused of killing four people and injuring four others shortly after 3 a.m. April 22.
Screen capture from KTLA
Nashville churches “watched very close” Sunday morning after a gunman killed four people at an area Waffle House and then eluded police for more than 24 hours.
After a Waffle House customer wrestled away Reinking's AR-15 semi-automatic rifle, the suspected gunman fled seminude and likely armed, according to police. Some 160 law enforcement officials searched the area for more than 24 hours before Reinking, 29, was arrested April 23.
While they were still on the loose, a Metro Nashville Police Department spokesperson said Reinking was exhibiting “signs of significant instability” and posed a threat “anywhere else they may go.”
At least seven Southern Baptist churches are within two miles of the crime scene, according to SBC.net's “church search” function.
The 50-60 worshipers at Hickory Hollow heard a police helicopter overhead Sunday morning and didn't let children in attendance go outside, Williams told Baptist Press (BP). Deacons charged with providing security “watched very close” as people entered the parking lot and the church building.
Hickory Hollow prayed for protection during Sunday School and the worship service, Williams said, adding that some church members live in the same apartment complex as Reinking and remained locked down in their homes for safety rather than coming to church Sunday.
At nearby Priest Lake Community Baptist Church, extra security was added outside and inside the building, pastor Harold James Frelix told BP. The predominantly African American church's pre-K through fourth grade school also increased security April 23 as police continued what The New York Times called “a desperate search” for Reinking.
Though law enforcement officials say they have not determined Reinking's motive, Frelix said they think the shooter may have targeted blacks and Hispanics, because “that's who goes to” that particular Waffle House.
“We were very much concerned because we believed that” race played a role in the murders, Frelix said.
During Sunday's worship service, with some 400 in attendance, Priest Lake Community prayed for “the sick mentally,” “the victims” at Waffle House and “those who may in the future be victims” of violent acts by Reinking, Frelix said.
“We are praying for those who are hateful,” the pastor said, “that they will desist. And we are praying that people will get together where they can live together and love together.”
Another area church, Burnette Chapel Church of Christ, saw one worshiper killed and others injured during a Sunday-morning shooting last year. The Waffle House shooting – less than two miles away – caused “confusion” and “anxiety,” said pastor Joey Spann, who was wounded in last year's shooting.
Spann told Nashville's News Channel 5 they would lead worship attendees in prayer for those affected by the Waffle House shooting. “God has all this,” they said, “and He's in control. We don't need to live in fear.”
(EDITOR'S NOTE – David Roach is chief national correspondent for Baptist Press, the Southern Baptist Convention's news service.)
A supposed container of potato salad prompted a police response on the southwest side of the metro, Friday evening.
According to the Oklahoma City Police Department, the suspicious side dish was spotted in a mailbox of a home in the 3100 block of SW 94th Street, just to the south of the Oklahoma City Community College (OCCC) campus.
The OKC Police Bomb Squad was called out to investigate. In the end, nothing dangerous was found inside the container. Authorities did not say if there was actually potato salad left, or if it had spoiled.
The NRA's charitable arm is calling the maker of a premium brand of cooler “unsportsmanlike” after the manufacturer ended a discount program. That's per a letter from NRA Foundation lobbyist Marion Hammer, who was the NRA's first female president and says Yeti “should be ashamed,” USA Today reports.
In a statement, Yeti took issue with the NRA's characterization, saying Hammer's letter is “inaccurate” and that it's simply halting some “outdated discounting programs” and setting up an “alternate customization program.”
Yeti—which sells coolers that can go for up to $1,300 and is the latest company to modify its relationship with the NRA after the Parkland shooting, per the Hill—added it's “unwavering in our belief in and commitment to the Constitution of the United States and its Second Amendment,” the Austin American-Statesman reports.
No matter the details, gun owners are railing against Yeti and saying they've “shot themselves in the foot.”
One prominent detractor who now supports a boycott: Chris Loesch, husband of NRA spokesperson Dana Loesch. “Do you not understand who your base is?,” Chris Loesch tweeted. “Will never buy or use any of your products again and we had a bunch.”
Some are even taking to destroying their Yeti products—including by blowing them up, shooting them with rifles, and crushing them in vises—using #YetiCoolerChallenge.
Not everyone agrees this is the most sensible reaction.
“Let me get this straight: #yeticoolerchallenge = fill $500 cooler with $20 of tannerite. Blow up cooler. Outcome: @Yeti keeps $500, @NRA foundation receives no benefit, and you are left with no cooler and a huge mess to clean up … seems reasonable,” one observer sarcastically notes.
More From Newser
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Mexican championship First Stage matches on Friday Saturday, August 12 Cruz Azul 0 Toluca 0 Queretaro 2 Monarcas Morelia 1 Friday, August 11 Atlas 0 America 1 Puebla 1 Club Tijuana 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 America 4 3 0 1 5 2 9 2 Toluca 4 2 2 0 6 3 8 3 Lobos BUAP 3 2 1 0 9 4 7 4 Monterrey 3 2 1 0 4 0 7 5 Necaxa 3 2 1 0 5 2 7 6 Queretaro 4 2 1 1 4 6 7 7 Atlas 4 2 0 2 7 5 6 8 Cruz Azul 4 1 3 0 5 3 6 ------------------------- 9 Tigres 3 1 2 0 7 2 5 10 Santos Laguna 3 0 3 0 4 4 3 11 Guadalajara 3 0 3 0 3 3 3 12 Monarcas Morelia 4 0 3 1 3 4 3 12 UNAM 3 1 0 2 3 4 3 14 Veracruz 3 1 0 2 2 3 3 15 Puebla 4 0 2 2 2 9 2 16 Club Leon 3 0 1 2 3 8 1 17 Club Tijuana 4 0 1 3 1 7 1 18 Pachuca 3 0 0 3 2 6 0 1-8: Championship play-off Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Monterrey v Guadalajara (0000) Pachuca v Tigres (0006) Necaxa v Club Leon (0200) UNAM v Lobos BUAP (1700) Santos Laguna v Veracruz (2330)
× Congress slowly working behind the scenes to reconcile 2 bills on sexual harassment
(CNN) — Earlier this year both chambers of Congress passed their own legislation to overhaul how Capitol Hill handles sexual harassment and negotiators are working behind the scenes this summer to reconcile the two considerably different bills.
A formal conference committee to create one bill that can be signed into law is not necessary at this point and likely will not be formed, congressional sources told CNN before the July 4th recess.
“As it stands right now, we are not going to name conferees,” one of the negotiators working to hash out the differences between the bills told CNN.
Four congressional sources involved in the negotiations — from the House and Senate and from both sides working on this issue — told CNN that private negotiations between the two chambers have been moving ahead without having to establish the more formal panel.
“We are making a lot of progress,” a congressional aide involved in the discussions told CNN. “The motivation to get this done is a real good thing, and I think that is what is helping negotiations move along so quickly.”
In the wake of the #metoo movement last fall, Congress has been grappling with how to rewrite the Congressional Accountability Act, which oversees how claims of sexual harassment are made and handled on Capitol Hill.
The House passed its version of the legislation in February. The Senate passed its own, different version in May. It was expected then that a conference committee would be set up and conferees would be named to work out the differences between the bills.
But over the past month, staff members from the Senate Rules Committee and the House Administration Committee have met a handful of times, and have been making steady progress at that level. The members will likely get involved in the final stages.
Many of those working on the issue say they are fine without a formal conference committee, as long as progress keeps up in working toward a bill that can be signed into law.
“If we can resolve this without going to conference, that is fine with me,” Democratic Rep. Jackie Speier of California, one of the leaders on this issue in the House, told CNN in an interview, “I just don't know if that is the case. There are some elements in the Senate version that are not adequate.”
‘Nothing about it felt right': More than 50 people describe sexual harassment on Capitol Hill
There are considerable differences between the two bills.
Among the chief areas of concern that still have to be ironed out: A provision in the Senate bill for members being held personally responsible says, unlike the House bill, that they must pay out of pocket only for sexual harassment, not for any awards that may be ordered for sex discrimination or any other kind of discrimination. Some fear that could provide a loophole for members who are accused of harassment to settle with a victim for sex discrimination, knowing they won't be required to pay the settlement and it will instead come out of a US Treasury fund.
Additionally, there is concern that the Senate's legislation would empower and involve the Ethics Committee more so than the House's. The House bill would create a third-party investigatory process instead.
Lawmakers working on this issue say they would like to reach a conclusion and have a bill passed into law potentially by the end of the summer. But others say that timeline might be a little too ambitious, despite what both sides say is progress being made.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
For the second-straight year, a St. Louis quarterback was named the Gatorade Hawaii Football player of the Year.
Crusaders quarterback Chevan Cordeiro was named the 2017-2018 Gatorade Hawaii Football Player of the Year and is the eleventh award recipient to be chosen from Saint Louis School, according to a press release.
The award recognizes both “outstanding athletic excellence” and “high standards of academic achievement and exemplary character demonstrated on and off the field.”
Cordeiro is now a finalist Gatorade National Football Player of the Year award, which is to be announced in December.
The 6-foot, 175-pound senior dual-threat quarterback racked up 3,611 total yards and 39 touchdowns to lead the Crusaders to a 10-0 record and their second straight Open Division state title.
Cordeiro took over for the starting quarterback job at St. Louis from last year's Hawaii Gatorade Football Player of the Year, Tua Tagovailoa, and threw for 3,157 yards and 29 touchdowns, eight while rushing for 454 yards and 10 touchdowns.
Cordeiro has maintained a 3.04 GPA in the classroom. They have verbally committed to play football on scholarship at the University of Hawaii in the fall of 2018.  They are also a finalist for the inaugural Polynesian High School Football Player of the Year Award.
Working with a school-based Mentoring Program with Big Brothers Big Sisters Hawaii, Cordeiro makes weekly visits to first, second, and third graders in the community to read and lend academic assistance.
As a Gatorade Player of the Year, Cordeiro will be able to select a national or local youth sports organization to receive a grant as part of the Gatorade Play It Forwards program.
Every Gatorade Player of the Year state winner receives a $1,000 grant to donate and will have the opportunity to enter for an additional $10,000 spotlight grant by writing a brief essay explaining why their selected organization deserves additional support, according to press release.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
The man in custody is injured, police said in a tweet.
Update regarding explosion at 42nd St and 8th Ave, in subway: One male suspect is in custody. No injuries other than suspect at this time. Avoid the area. Subways bypassing #PortAuthority and Times Square Stations. Info is preliminary. pic.twitter.com/bEAdjq8mYc — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
The station is one of the busiest commuter hubs during rush hour.
The A, C and E subway lines were evacuated, NYPD Sgt. Brendan Ryan said. The subway entrance on Eighth Avenue and the bus terminal are closed, the Port Authority said in a tweet, adding that there was still police activity in the area.
There are no deaths reported, a federal law enforcement source said.
“Could have been a lot worse,” the source told CNN.
Preliminary information, according to two law enforcement sources, one local and one federal, indicates a pipe bomb may have unintentionally exploded.
A man wearing a homemade device attempted to detonate it, and it either malfunctioned or did not go off the way it was supposed to, according to one NYPD source.
Francisco Ramirez said they heard two explosions as they were exiting a bus about 7:45 a.m. ET. They heard both blasts distinctly even though they were wearing headphones.
“From what I saw it sounded like it came from the subway, but I'm just guessing,” they said. “It was two distinct explosions seconds from each other. As I was making my way toward the outside, I kept getting shoved by cops and there were cops at every entrance blocking and there was police and SWAT everywhere.
“It was scary. It was just a lot of chaos but I didn't see any injuries.”
Update: A total of 4 injuries reported at the scene of an explosion at Port Authority. All injuries are non-life-threatening — FDNY (@FDNY) December 11, 2017
Marlyn Yu Sherlock was at a retail store on the main floor of the terminal when people began flooding out of the subway entrance, “screaming, running in panic,” they said.
“The PA system was still blaring Christmas carols,” Sherlock said. “It took about four minutes before men in black cop uniforms started shooing people out of Port Authority. As I walked further away from the building, I kept asking the heavily armed cops what it was. They said ‘suspicious package.'”
The intercommunal climate was not optimal at the moment, following last Friday's decision by parliament to introduce a commemoration of the anniversary of the Enosis referendum, UN Special Adviser for Cyprus said on Wednesday.
Speaking after meeting President Nicos Anastasiades, Espen Barth Eide appeared convinced however, that an agreement could be struck nevertheless.
“Everybody can see that the intercommunal climate is not optimal right now, and this is something that worries all of us because despite the significant progress that has been made so far in this process, the leaders need support of some kind of broader community in order to be able to move forward and go the last mile because as we know the last mile is always the most difficult one,” Eide said.
The Turkish Cypriot side has demanded a correction of the decision; Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci, whom Eide was scheduled to meet later on Wednesday, said if it was not amended there was no point to conduct negotiations.
Eide remained convinced that it is “perfectly possible to solve this dispute” but it was necessary to overcome the latest problem.
“I am actually being encouraged by my recent conversations with Greece and Turkey and the other key international players about security and guarantees, we definitely have not solved it, I want to be very clear on that, but I think that a solution is within the realm of the possible if there is enough will and creativity to think outside the box and give new answers to all questions and new answers to some new questions as well,” they said.
They added that this could not happen “if we have deteriorating public climate in the two communities, so I think it is very important to overcome these last hurdles in an effective way and discussing this here and discussing it of course with Mr Akinci and the two leaders will discuss it tomorrow.”
After all, they said, this process is a leader – led process and the UN is facilitating to the best of their capacities, “so it has to be solved here”.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - A local church hosted hundreds for a 4th of July Celebration.
Scroll for more content...
New Life Fellowship, on the east side of Terre Haute, holds their annual celebration every year. It's on the Sunday before the 4th of July.
The packed event included free admission, along with food, vendors, music and a fireworks display.
Organizers said the event normally draws in 1000 to 1500 people every year.
"This event is just to remember all the beautiful things that the Lord has provided for our country," said Pastor Jeff Harpole, "and we're very patriotic tonight."
Girl, mom cut out of car during border smuggling attempt
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Officials say a 10-year-old girl and their mother allegedly being smuggled across the border had to be cut out of a car after the compartment they were hiding in failed to open in San Diego.
The Union-Tribune reports a police dog alerted authorities to the rear of the convertible Nissan at the Otay Mesa Port of Entry early Tuesday.
After several unsuccessful attempts to open the compartment, firefighters were called to cut it open.
The mother and daughter, both Mexican citizens, were not injured.
Customs and Border Protection says the driver, a 27-year-old U.S. citizen, was arrested on suspicion of human smuggling.
The newspaper says the woman and the girl will remain in the U.S. as material witnesses against the driver before being returned to Mexico.
___
Information from: The San Diego Union-Tribune, http://www.utsandiego.com
A car owned by a 51-year-old woman from Limassol was destroyed by arson early Monday in Limassol.
According to the police report, fire broke out at around 1.10am. The car, worth around €6,500, was parked in the parking lot of the apartment building where the owner lives, in Mesa Geitonia.
The blaze was put out by the fire service, but the car was destroyed. Another car that was parked next to it, was slightly damaged.
Nassau, Bahamas – Officers from the Police Traffic Division are investigating the circumstances surrounding the death of a man who died following an accident that occurred on Saturday afternoon.
According to reports, shortly after 3:00pm, a man was walking on Cowpen Road near Summerset Estates, when a rolling propane gas truck that was delivering gas to a home struck him. The man was pronounced dead on the scene.
Investigations are ongoing.
Police are appealing to the public to share information on any illegal/suspicious activities in their communities, no matter how small or insignificant (the tip) may seem, members of the public are urged to anonymously contact the police at 919 or crime stoppers at 328-tips (8477) (New Providence) or 1-242-300-8476 (Family Islands)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Defense Secretary Jim Mattis says the U.S. will “take out” any North Korean missile it detects is heading for American soil, including the Pacific island of Guam.
Mattis says a North Korean missile strike on the U.S. would mean war.
North Korea has said it is considering a plan to launch four ballistic missiles to land in the sea just short of Guam.
Asked how the U.S. would respond, Mattis initially declined to say.
When pressed, they said that if U.S. radars and other detection and tracking systems determine that a missile was going to fall into the sea, short of Guam, then the matter would be taken to President Donald Trump for a decision on how to respond.
A BRILLIANT, if somewhat controversial, catch by Sam Billings to dismiss James Faulkner has stolen the limelight in England's Twenty20 tour match against a Prime Minister's XI.
England mowed down the PM XI's total of 136 with eight wickets in hand and 44 balls to spare, but it was Billings' boundary rope hopping catch that had the cricket world talking.
WATCH THE CATCH IN THE VIDEO PLAYER BELOW
Faulkner was caught in the deep at Manuka Oval by Billings, who tossed the ball in the air as momentum took them over the rope. They then turned and jumped from outside the rope, caught the ball while still in the air and then landed back in the field of play while holding the ball.
The catch would have been illegal five years ago as you then had to be in the field of play before completing the catch.
The law was changed because the MCC wanted to encourage athletic catches, but despite the new rule having been around for so long, Billings' catch still caused plenty of consternation.
Glenn Maxwell took a similar catch against England in a one-day international at Headingley in 2015 — and back then they didn't think the catch should have stood.
“I don't think it makes a whole lot of sense,” Maxwell said three years ago. “I think you should have to get back into the boundary.
“I think if you look at the basketball rules you have to jump from inside to throw it back in, you can't jump up in the air and catch it on the way back in.
Camera Icon Sam Billings runs towards the rope ... Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Sam Billings grabs hold of the ball ... Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Sam Billings tosses the ball up in the air ... Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Sam Billings leaps from outside the field of play ... Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Sam Billings lands in the field of play. Picture: Supplied
“You've got to make sure your feet have landed inside the court and I think it should be the same in cricket.
“While we're taking catches on our side it doesn't really bother me, but I know if I was a batsman I'd be pretty upset if that was the dismissal.”
In Friday night's match, Nathan Lyon was smashed for 34 runs in one over by David Willey, whose all-round heroics guided England to a thumping victory in Canberra.
Fresh from a BBL stint with the Perth Scorchers, Willey opened the batting and unloaded on the Test offspinner with five consecutives sixes.
Camera Icon Nathan Lyon got hammered for five sixes in one over. Picture: Getty Images
But they couldn't get the elevation required off the final ball, slicing the PM's XI skipper through the covers for four.
It was a stylish tune-up for England ahead of their tri-series against Australia and New Zealand.
Willey put in an outstanding performance, blasting 79 off 36 balls with six sixes and six fours after earlier claiming 3-32 with the ball. They put on 87 for the first wicket with James Vince in a little more than six overs to take the game away from the hosts.
Willey's seventh attempt to clear the rope was their last when they were caught on the boundary by Sean Abbott off Mitchell Swepson's (2-33) bowling. In Willey's 16 T20 internationals, they have never batted higher than seven and has come in as low as No.10.
Camera Icon David Willey unleashes with the bat. Picture: Getty Images
Earlier, Peter Handscomb played a lone hand with 43 off 29 before England spinner Liam Dawson had them bowled, one of their three victims for 16 from four overs.
Faulkner did nothing to improve their chances of a national recall, struggling for two from nine balls before being smashed for 20 runs off two overs.
The tourists' bowlers were in control for much of the PM's XI innings after Willey struck early, removing openers Nic Maddinson and Peter Nevill for eight and six respectively.
HMEYMIM (Sputnik) - The Russian Center for Syrian reconciliation said Monday it had received information that terrorists in Damascus suburb of Eastern Ghouta were preparing a possible provocation involving the use of chemical warfare agents.
According to the center's commander Maj. Gen. Yuri Yevtushenko, a resident of Eastern Ghouta called the center's "hotline" on Monday to report that Nusra Front* militants had installed on a roof of a building and tested a turbine, placing tightly sealed containers with poisonous substances nearby.
"The caller said they believed that terrorists can use these preparations to disperse toxic substances in residential areas, which will lead to a large number of casualties among the local residents. The mass poisoning of civilians will be used to accuse the government troops of the use of chemical weapons against peaceful citizens," Yevtushenko stressed.
Yevtushenko also reported that about 80,000 people have been evacuated from the Damascus suburb since the start of the humanitarian operation supported by the Russian military on February 28.
"A total of 79,700 people, mostly children, have been evacuated from Eastern Ghouta with assistance of the Russian Center for Syrian reconciliation since the beginning of the humanitarian operation. Their lives are not in danger," Maj. Gen. Yuri Yevtushenko said in a daily briefing.
* a terrorist group banned in Russia
Merck & Co Inc Chief Executive Kenneth Frazier resigned from US President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council on Monday, saying they were taking a stand against intolerance and extremism.
A gathering of hundreds of white nationalists in Virginia took a deadly turn on Saturday when a car ploughed into a group of counter-protesters and killed at least one person.
Mr Trump had said “many sides” were involved, drawing fire from across the political spectrum for not specifically denouncing the far right.
media_camera Merk's CEO Ken Frazier has resigned from Donald Trump's council of manufacturing executives. Picture: Supplied.
“America's leaders must honour our fundamental views by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,” Mr Frazier, who is African-American, said in a statement announcing their resignation.
“As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism,” they said.
Mr Trump responded in a tweet, now that “Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Several executives from top US companies have stepped down from a number of presidential advisory councils in protest to Trump policies.
Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger left the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, in June, after Mr Trump said they would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Mr Musk also left the manufacturing council.
Former Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies.
media_camera On this Thursday, Feb. 23, 2017, file photo, President Donald Trump, left, speaks during a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House in Washington. Picture: AP.
The White House said on Sunday that Mr Trump's remarks condemning violence at a white nationalist rally were meant to include the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups.
Democrats and Republicans criticised Mr Trump for waiting too long to address the violence — their first major domestic crisis as president — and for failing when they did speak out to explicitly condemn white-supremacist marchers who ignited the melee.
Originally published as CEO abandons Trump over Nazi rally
Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock tried to buy tracer ammunition at a gun show in the Phoenix area in recent weeks, a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation tells CNN.
Paddock bought other ammunition at the show, but they couldn't obtain the tracer ammunition — bullets with a pyrotechnic charge that, when the round is fired, leaves an illuminated trace of its path — because the vendor didn't have any to sell, the official said.
Paddock did not use tracer bullets when they fired into the crowd at the Route 91 Harvest Festival Sunday night from their suite on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, hundreds of yards away, killing 58 people and injuring nearly 500 others.
The official explained that if Paddock had tracer ammunition, they could have had a more precise idea of where their shots were going in the darkness, and could have been more accurate.
Shooters wanting greater accuracy often mix tracer rounds with non-tracers — perhaps having one tracer every fifth round in a magazine, said Art Roderick, a CNN law enforcement analyst.
“It allows you to keep your weapon on not necessarily a specific target, but a specific area. … There would have been a lot higher casualty rate if they had tracer rounds,” said Roderick, a former assistant director of the US Marshals Service.
But tracer rounds also could have allowed police to see more quickly where Paddock was firing from, CNN law enforcement analyst James Gagliano said.
Without the tracer ammunition, Paddock's location was difficult to determine from the outside, said Gagliano, a retired FBI supervisory special agent.
“The barrel of the rifle — we could not see muzzle flashes, from the angles I've seen on videos, which meant that they were … pulled back inside,” Gagliano said.
Did Paddock want to escape?
Five days after the mass shooting, authorities still are trying to determine the motivation of the retired accountant, who had no criminal record and did not raise any flags while purchasing an arsenal of weapons.
In addition to the 23 weapons in their hotel suite, Paddock had more than 50 pounds of exploding targets and 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car in the hotel parking lot, police said, fueling suspicion that they intended to survive the massacre.
“He was doing everything possible to see how they could escape,” Las Vegas Police Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said Thursday, declining to detail specifics.
Escape, in this case, might have meant using the equipment in the car for further assaults until they got caught, said John Sheahan, a former Las Vegas SWAT team member.
“There's one of three ways it's going to end for an active shooter, and they pretty much all know this. You're either going to commit suicide; you're going to … shoot it out with (police) and you're going to be killed; or you're going to continue on a preplanned rampage at locations b, c, d and e until the police finally stop you,” Sheahan said.
“He rented the room in their own name. He's already on video coming in and out. We know who they are. He's going to be the most wanted man in the world if they do try to leave here,” they added.
Authorities: Paddock acted alone
There was initial speculation that Paddock had outside help in perpetrating the shooting spree, but authorities now say there is nothing to suggest they had assistance.
Law enforcement officials briefed on the investigation told CNN they have seen no indication so far that Paddock had an accomplice or that anyone was aware of their attack planning.
Lombardo, the sheriff, had previously expressed skepticism that the gunman carried out their plan by himself.
“Do you think this was all accomplished on their own? You've got to make the assumption they had to have some help at some point,” they said.
As the investigation grinds on, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department officers led the funeral of LVMPD officer Charleston Hartfield Thursday, who was among those gunned down at the Route 91 Harvest Festival country music event.
Their body was escorted to Palm Downtown Mortuary and Cemetery, and a memorial was held for the slain police officer at Police Memorial Park in the northwest of the city — one of several vigils in Las Vegas on Thursday evening.
Gun debate continues
In the wake of the deadly attack, the Eastside Cannary Casino Gun Show that was expected to be held in Las Vegas this weekend has been canceled, David Strow of Boyd Gaming Corporation tells CNN.
“This was a mutual decision with the show's organizers, given recent events, it was the prudent thing to do,” Strow said.
Twelve of the 23 firearms found in the hotel suite had bump stocks — legal accessories for semi-automatic rifles that allow a shooter to fire rounds more rapidly.
In the aftermath of Sunday's shooting, pro-gun Republican lawmakers and the National Rifle Association, the powerful pro-gun lobby, have suggested supporting a review of bump stocks.
Politicians from both sides of the aisle and lobbyists are now saying the controversial devices, which sell for under $200, should be subject to additional regulation.
US President Donald Trump is open to considering legislation that would ban bump stocks but wants to hear more information on the matter before making a final determination, the White House said Wednesday.
‘Numbers' found on note
Lombardo said a note with numbers written on it was found in Paddock's room, according to the New York Times. Authorities are trying to analyze its meaning, but Lombardo didn't elaborate on whether they are significant or not.
“Lombardo said that it contained numbers that were being analyzed for their relevance, and that it was not a manifesto or suicide note,” the Times reported.
Paddock had rented rooms at other festivals
Before checking into the Mandalay Bay days before the massacre, Paddock rented a room at a Las Vegas condo complex that overlooked the September 22-24 Life is Beautiful music festival.
In addition, in August, a person named Stephen Paddock reserved a room at Chicago's Blackstone Hotel during the city's Lollapalooza music festival, said Wagstaff Worldwide, which represents the hotel.
But that person never checked into the hotel, which overlooked the festival, Wagstaff Worldwide spokesperson Emmy Carragher said.
It was not immediately clear whether the Stephen Paddock who booked the room was the same Stephen Paddock behind the Las Vegas massacre.
The Chicago Tribune, citing an anonymous law enforcement source, reported that it was the shooter Stephen Paddock who booked the room at the Blackstone Hotel.
Hairdresser: Paddock spoke about girlfriend's trip
Kallie Beig, who worked at the Great Clips in Mesquite, Paddock's hometown, told CNN exclusively that they had cut Paddock's hair at least three times over the past three years, and that every time they had come in, always early in the morning, they had smelled of strong liquor.
They would tell them that he'd been up all night gambling, they said.
The last time they saw them was two months before Sunday's tragedy, they said.
During their last visit, they told them they were planning on sending their girlfriend, Marilou Danley, to the Philippines and they were going to be alone. They did not discuss the trip with Danley personally.
“The last time I saw them was probably only about two months ago… they came in and got their hair cut, and again, smelled of alcohol, and their girlfriend was with him… doing their own thing, and they were telling me about them leaving to go to the Philippines.”
They said that the interaction was normal and didn't raise any red flags with them
“He was going to be home alone hanging out for a while by themselves but it wasn't anything weird, it wasn't anything that seemed off.”
In their statement released through their attorney, Matt Lombard, Danley said the trip was a surprise.
“A little more than two weeks ago, Stephen told me they found a cheap ticket for me to the Philippines and that they wanted me to take a trip home to see my family,” they said.
“Like all Filipinos abroad, I was excited to go home and see family and friends.”
Beig characterized their relationship as quite cold and distant — they said they didn't see them interacting in any sort of intimate way.
Via an op-ed in the Sun newspaper, Boris Johnson claimed that Russia's package of retaliatory diplomatic sanctions against the UK “will only punish ordinary Russians by depriving them of harmless opportunities to learn English and apply for UK visas.” Their comments refer to Russia's closing of the British council and consulate in St. Petersburg.
However, the UK embassy in Moscow confirmed to Sputnik today that the consulate in St. Petersburg hasn't been issuing visas for several years, contradicting the British foreign secretary's claims.
"The consulate in Saint Petersburg has not been dealing with issuing of visas for Russian citizens for several years. All these matters are decided upon and dealt with in Moscow," the British embassy in Moscow told Sputnik.
READ MORE: Boris Johnson Slams Moscow's Response to Expulsion of Russian Diplomats From UK
The gaffe-prone politician has been the subject of controversy countless times throughout their political career, including earlier this year, when they wrongly referred to Lebanon instead of Yemen during a cabinet meeting, before being corrected by UK Prime Minister Theresa May.
This latest embarrassment to Boris Johnson comes off the back of Defense Secretary Gavin Williamson being described as a "prepubescent schoolboy" on social media, among numerous other things, after they said "Russia should shut up and go away."
READ MORE: PM May's Anti-Russia Stance Largely for Own Political Gain, Not UK Security
© AFP 2018/ Stefan Rousseau 'Lying Full Volume': Twitter Blasts Boris Johnson Over Latest Skripal Case Claims
As part of the UK government's kneejerk reaction against Russia over its alleged role in the poisoning of ex-spy Sergei Skripal, 23 Russian diplomats were expelled from their posts.
Russia has repeatedly denied any involvement in the attack and called for a joint investigation with the UK based on the standards set out by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW.)
READ MORE: UK Ignores OPCW Commitment in Skripal Incident — Analyst
When the UK refused to cooperate, and opted to impose sanctions against Russia, the Russian government responded by expelling 23 British diplomats and closing a number of British diplomatic facilities.
THE DEPARTMENT of Agriculture (DA) turned over Monday, April 23, P4 million worth of checks and two hauling trucks to the local fisheries and livestock sector in Davao City. The trucks, funded through the Philippine Rural Development Project (PRDP), were given to two cooperatives engaged in the production and processing of cacao. Half of the P4 million, which is under the Payapa at Masaganang Pamayanan or PAMANA program of the national government, went to the City Agriculturist Office (CAO) and the other half to the City Veterinarians Office (CVO). “The money will be used for the purchase of a (solar-powered) dryer for seaweeds and the construction of small warehouses for the use of fisherfolk,” CAO head Leo Brian D. Leuterio said. The CVO share, meanwhile, will be spent for livestock production projects. — Carmencita A. Carillo
If you've been wanting to tour the set of Pioneer Woman since the day you started watching, the wait is officially over!
Ree Drummond announced on Instagram on Saturday that for the month of March, people who visit the Pioneer Woman Mercantile in Pawhuska, Okla., can also take a tour of the Drummond Lodge, the family guest house in Osage County, Oklahoma where they film the popular Food Network show.
“We are having free Drummond Lodge tours all this month for visitors to @pwmercantile,” Drummond captioned a shot of their adorable Basset Hound Walter playing with the visitors. “While the parents walk through and take pics, the kids get to shower our ol' floppy-eared fella with love and affection. Enjoy every minute, Walter. You deserve it!”
Drummond and their husband, Ladd, previously opened up the Ranch to visitors last year to give fans a behind-the-scenes look.
But getting to check out the Mercantile—where you will find a restaurant, bakery and general store—and taking a tour of the set aren't the only reasons to take a trip to Oklahoma.
The couple is also opening a new hotel, The Boarding House, located down the street from the Mercantile. While it isn't open for business just yet, Drummond has been sharing progress photos and updates along the way.
The three-story inn will feature 8 different rooms, all with different names and designs, including the “Drugstore Room”, “Butterfly Room”, and “Tack Room.”
Ree Drummond/Instagram
Ree Drummond/Instagram
The husband-wife duo have also shared the inspiration behind the décor for the new space, noting the balconies are similar to ones they saw on a trip to downtown Houston, and the drug store mural they are keeping is from the previous owners of the building.
“It's gonna be small, but it's also gonna have a lot of heart,” Drummond has said.
It has gotten to the point that even other NFL wide receivers don't know what to make of the type of season Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown is having. Brown had another huge game Sunday night with 213 yards on 11 receptions. And some fellow wideouts took to Twitter to ask for mercy.
@AB84 slow down, I'm trying to catch up sheesh! — Deandre Hopkins (@DeAndreHopkins) December 11, 2017
Dear @AB84, Can you take a night off? Yours Truly, ALL Other @nfl WR's trying to catch you. 😤😒😂 — Golden Tate (@ShowtimeTate) December 11, 2017
I remember the conversation like it was yesterday …. keep pushing u right there …@AB84 Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Steelers Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again? — Odell Beckham Jr (@OBJ_3) December 11, 2017
Antonio Brown is on pace for what will be one of their best seasons of their career. Through 13 games, Brown leads the league in receptions (99) and receiving yards (1,509). That's 11 receptions better than DeAndre Hopkins who is No. 2 and 176 receiving yards better than Hopkins as well.
Brown is on pace for 121 receptions and 1,857 receiving yards. That would fall short of their 136 receptions in 2015 but it would be a career high in yardage.
Scroll for more content...
House Republicans, with the approval of President Donald Trump, on Friday released a disputed GOP intelligence memo that alleges FBI abuses of its surveillance authority.
The highly controversial memo from the GOP and House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes alleges that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the committee that no surveillance warrant would have been sought for a Trump campaign aide without a disputed opposition research dossier on Trump and Russia.
The memo is the most explicit Republican effort yet to discredit the FBI's investigation into Trump and Russia, alleging that the investigation was infused with an anti-Trump bias under the Obama administration and supported with political opposition research.
The public release of the classified document, through a never-before-used committee rule, threatens to further fracture the frayed relationship between the President and their Justice Department and intelligence community, both of which opposed the release of the document, which is based on classified intelligence. The FBI issued a rare public warning on Wednesday that the memo omits key information that could impact its veracity. The release also raises the question of whether Trump might seek to dismiss their deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein, who appointed special counsel Robert Mueller.
Trump signed off on releasing the memo before it was released, and the White House requested no redactions, spokesperson Raj Shah said.
Speaking in the Oval Office Friday, Trump implied the memo revealed political bias at the FBI. They said they believed the purported bias was a "disgrace" and said certain people should be "ashamed of themselves."
Asked whether they retained confidence in Rosenstein or if they planned to fire him, Trump demurred.
"You figure that one out," Trump said.
Democrats have slammed the memo as an inaccurate and misleading portrait intended to undermine Mueller's probe. They disputed what the memo concluded about McCabe's testimony on the dossier as the basis for a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant.
California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, told reporters Friday that the Republican memo "cherry picks" information from McCabe's testimony.
Schiff argued that memo does not represent what McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee, and they said McCabe told the panel the "genesis of the investigation" did not begin with the dossier.
The memo is focused on a warrant granted in October 2016 by the FISA court to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page, as well as the approval of three subsequent renewals.
Even if the dossier was used as part of the application, a FISA renewal indicates that a judge was convinced that the surveillance was yielding information about the target acting as an agent of a foreign power that merited continued monitoring.
FBI Director Christopher Wray addressed FBI employees in an internal video, according to two people who had viewed it, telling agency employees that it's been a tough time and unsettling, and the last few days have only made it worse.
"The American people read the newspapers and watch TV, but your work is all that matters. Actions speak louder than words," Wray said in the video, the sources said.
Questions about the memo
The memo tries to connect what Republicans believe was a flawed application to monitor Page to the overall counterintelligence investigation into potential collusion between Russians and the Republican campaign.
But the memo also undermines its own argument about the application being overly reliant on the dossier. It notes that the application also included information regarding Trump campaign foreign policy adviser George Papadopoulos, suggesting there was intelligence beyond the dossier in the Page application.
Papadopoulos was already under investigation for contacts with a professor connected to the Russian government who had promised dirt on Hillary Clinton. That investigation was opened months before the Page application after the FBI received information from the Australian government, CNN has reported.
The memo states that the FBI counterintelligence investigation was "triggered" by Papadopoulos in July 2016, months before the Page FISA application was filed.
The memo also doesn't mention that the FBI had earlier opened an investigation into the Russian intelligence agencies' hack of the Democratic National Committee.
Former FBI Director James Comey, who was in charge during the 2016 campaign, downplayed the significance of the memo Friday.
"That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs," Comey tweeted.
Rep. Trey Gowdy, a South Carolina Republican who vetted the intelligence for the Intelligence Committee in place of Nunes, tweeted that the memo did not discredit Mueller's investigation.
"As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of this memo do not - in any way - discredit their investigation," Gowdy tweeted. "While this memo raises serious concerns with the FISA process, I have been and remain confident in the overwhelming majority of the men and women serving at the FBI and DOJ."
Dossier allegations
The memo alleges that Christopher Steele, the ex-British intelligence agent who wrote the dossier, harbored anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations that were not included in the FISA application, and that senior DOJ officials knew about Steele's anti-Trump bias.
According to the memo, that Steele told then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr in September 2016 that they "was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president."
The memo alleges that the FISA application cited a September 2016 Yahoo News article on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow, but the application "incorrectly assesses that Steele did not provide information to Yahoo News."
"The article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele themselves to Yahoo news," the memo states.
But the memo then goes on to say that the FBI did not know about Steele's media contacts, alleging Steele "improperly concealed and lied" to the FBI about their media contacts. Schiff, however, said that the Yahoo News article was not referenced in the FISA application to corroborate Steele.
The memo names former officials in the Obama administration who signed off on the warrants, saying former FBI Director James Comey signed three applications, and McCabe and former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates signed at least one.
But the memo also states that Rosenstein -- who was elevated under Trump -- signed off on at least one FISA application for Page. Dana Boente, who is currently the FBI general counsel and was appointed by Trump's FBI director, also signed off as well on one or more of the applications.
Democrats dispute memo's findings
Democrats have slammed the Republican memo as misleading and inaccurate. Schiff, saying the memo fails to provide "vital context," called the memo "a shameful effort to discredit" the FBI and Justice Department and an attempt to undermine Mueller's probe.
Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said the memo "demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth."
"Unlike almost every House member who voted in favor of this memo's release, I have actually read the underlying documents on which the memo was based. They simply do not support its conclusions," Warner said in a statement.
But Nunes said in a statement that committee had "discovered serious violations of the public trust, and the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes."
"It is my hope that the committee's actions will shine a light on this alarming series of events so we can make reforms that allow the American people to have full faith and confidence in their governing institutions," Nunes said.
Page's role
The Steele dossier alleges that Page met senior Russian officials as an emissary of the Trump campaign and discussed quid-pro-quo deals relating to sanctions, business opportunities and Russia's interference in the election. After Page took a trip to Russia in July 2016, the FBI grew concerned that they had been compromised by Russian operatives, US officials briefed on the matter told CNN.
Page says they never cut any political deals with the Kremlin and says there was nothing illegal in their interactions with Russian officials.
"The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy," Page said in a statement Friday.
Ohr, the Justice Department official who was demoted amid the discovery of their ties to the opposition research firm behind the controversial Trump dossier, figures prominently in the memo.
"Before and after Steele was terminated as a source, they maintained contact with DOJ via then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr," the memo says. "Shortly after the election, the FBI began interviewing Ohr, documenting their communications with Steele," including "clear evidence of Steele's bias," according to the memo.
It adds, "Ohr later provided the FBI will all their wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Settle and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from (the FISA court)."
Ohr previously served as an associate deputy attorney general, but was stripped of that position after their meetings with Steele and Simpson became public in December. More recently, Ohr was removed as head of the Justice Department's Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Forces as well.
Escalation of partisan fight over Russia probe
The memo was spearheaded by Nunes, who was a member of the Trump transition team, and written by majority committee staff.
The committee voted along party lines to release the memo first to the full House and then to the public on Monday.
At the same time, the committee rejected an effort from Schiff to also make public a 10-page Democratic counter-memo. The committee voted to release that memo to the full House, and Schiff plans to push for its release next week.
Arizona law enforcement agencies mostly say they won't participate in widespread immigration raids cracking down on undocumented immigrants, no matter what President Donald Trump's new executive order says.
The Phoenix, Tucson and Nogales police departments, as well as sheriffs from Yuma, Santa Cruz and Maricopa say officers will not target long-term undocumented immigrants who have no violent felony offenses.
Cochise County Sheriff Mark Dannels said their officers would not target people simply for being undocumented residents, yet if they commit any crime, officers will turn them over to immigration officials. An earlier version of this story said their office would target long-term undocumented residents, whether they have a criminal history or not. They called after the story's publication to say they never made that comment and to clarify their department's position.
Dannels said Cochise County pursues all lawbreakers equally.
“We're not going to just target the illegals,” Dannels said. “Those [who] break the state law, we will charge them, whether they are legally or illegally here.”
About 5 percent of Arizona's population — some 325,000 people — are undocumented immigrants, according to the Pew Research Center.
When U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement detained and later deported Guadalupe García de Rayos, who was brought to Arizona when they were 14 and has American children, the decision startled their family and caused uproar among immigrant rights activists.
The Phoenix Police Department made it clear that it was not involved in their detention. The department said it was only on the scene because protesters came to support Rayos.
“The Phoenix Police Department does not target anyone and was not a part of any recent events involving undocumented immigrants with minor criminal offenses,” Sgt. Jonathan Howard of the Phoenix Police Department said. “We will continue to enforce Arizona state laws, like identity theft and theft, but have no plans to implement a pro-active immigration enforcement squad.”
Phoenix isn't alone. At the Tucson Women's March on Washington, Mayor Jonathan Rothschild made it clear that they will advise Tucson officers not to seek out long-term undocumented immigrants, regardless of their minor criminal offenses.
The Nogales Police Department, too, said it will not participate in the prioritization of undocumented immigrants who have been living in the U.S. for years, according to its public information officer, Christina Bermudez.
“Nothing will change here,” Bermudez said.
The Maricopa County Sheriff's office took a similar position.
“We have received no specific directives from Department of Homeland Security regarding the executive order,” said Mark Casey, the sheriff office's spokesperson. “While we will abide by both our constitutional duties and by the directives of the court, we will not be doing raids nor will we tolerate targeting individuals because of the color of their skin.”
Yuma County sheriff officials said nothing will change in their county either, adding that they, too, will not be prioritizing long-term undocumented immigrants with minor criminal offenses.
Santa Cruz County sheriff officials said they oppose having their deputies act as immigration officers.
“I have not had any official order to start doing immigration work,” said Santa Cruz County Sheriff Tony Estrada. “We are not immigration officers. We do not have the authority. I do not welcome that, and hopefully it is something that we will not have to do.”
They added: “I don't think federal government has the right nor should they have the authority to tell us what to do with immigration.”
Quentin Mehr, a spokesperson for the state Department of Public Safety, said DPS does not plan to have Arizona officers search for undocumented immigrants.
A Gallup poll showed that two-thirds of Americans oppose deporting undocumented immigrants, and 84 percent are in favor of building a path to citizenship for long-term undocumented immigrants. More than three-fourths of Republicans support a path to citizenship, according to the poll.
A CBS News Poll from Jan. 13-16, 2017, showed similar results, with a majority of respondents favoring a program for undocumented immigrants to stay in the U.S. and eventually apply for citizenship.
© REUTERS/ Jack Hill Liberal Democrats Leader Urges UK Prime Minister to Resign After Snap Election
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)The BBC broadcaster reported citing Farron's statement that they made a decision to step down being "torn between living as a faithful Christian and serving as a political leader."
According to the media outlet, the politician said that it was a voluntary decision.
A small aircraft has crashed into a radio tower north of El Reno in Canadian County.
Oklahoma Highway Patrol and Canadian County officials are responding to the crash and subsequent fire Wednesday evening.
The Piedmont Fire Department is also assisting the Okarche Fire Department at the scene.
They are responding in the area of Memorial and Manning roads.
Bob Mills SkyNews 9 was flying over the scene and saw a radio tower had collapsed with smoke coming from where the plane had landed.
The tower reportedly stood at about 1,200 feet.
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more information.
13
MATCH URL: https://assets.rappler.com/D18CF0D3DA32498989D5D1344D66D9E8/img/35034BF068A64A80925E4E10FC220A81/Mayon-Volcano-Eruption-Evacuees-January-28-2018-008.jpg
The week in photos: January 27-February 2, 2018
This week's selection of photo highlights here and around the world
Description :
Ultrasonic NDT Equipment-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Ultrasonic NDT Equipment industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Ultrasonic NDT Equipment market
Market status and development trend of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3023330-ultrasonic-ndt-equipment-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Ultrasonic NDT Equipment market as:
Global Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
Potable Equipment
Standby Equipment
Global Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Electricity
Oil and gas
Automotive
Aerospace
Global Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
GE Measurement & Control
Olympus Corporation
Magnaflux
YXLON
Nikon Metrology NV
Zetec
Mistras
karl deutsch
Proceq
Sonatest
Union
Dndt
Huari
Aolong
Zhongke Innovation
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3023330-ultrasonic-ndt-equipment-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment
1.1 Definition of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment
1.2.1 Potable Equipment
1.2.2 Standby Equipment
1.3 Downstream Application of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment
1.3.1 Electricity
1.3.2 Oil and gas
1.3.3 Automotive
1.3.4 Aerospace
1.4 Development History of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Types
3.2 Production Value of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 GE Measurement & Control
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Product
7.1.3 Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of GE Measurement & Control
7.2 Olympus Corporation
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Product
7.2.3 Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Olympus Corporation
7.3 Magnaflux
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Product
7.3.3 Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Magnaflux
7.4 YXLON
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Product
7.4.3 Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of YXLON
7.5 Nikon Metrology NV
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Product
7.5.3 Ultrasonic NDT Equipment Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Nikon Metrology NV
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
EXCLUSIVE ROLE – Software Developer
Intermediate Software Developer – Cape Town
My client, is looking for 3 x intermeidate full stack web developers who have proven experience within this field to join their expanding, succesful, highly proficient team.
You will have the oportunity to work on local as well as international projects for clients within the finance sector as well as a number of well-know establishments who appear on the JSE list.
Requirements:
A passion for technology and the drive to learn and contribute ideas to the development team.
Accountability. The succesful candidate needs to form part of the creation and make-up of projects and our company culture.
Detailed orientated approach.
4+ years' experience developing software using SQL, C#/VB.NET, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Bootstap (or other responsive framework)
Other beneficial skills and tools include React JS, GIT, Jira, Visual Studio, BitBucket
The ideal start date is June 1st 2018 – therefor interview will be taking place next week at short notice.
If you would like the opportunity to be part of this exciting team and project, apply today by emailing me on (email address)
Learn more/Apply for this position
SZA may have done permanent damage to their vocal cords after 11 grueling months of touring.
The “All The Stars” singer, 27, has taken a break from the TDE Championship Tour which they announced in a series of now-deleted tweets on Tuesday night.
“I just wanna be left alone my priorities are f—— up. They have been f—— up. I need space goodbye. Tonight was the test. That settles that,” they wrote in tweets that were captured by Vulture. “My voice is permanently injured. Great !!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAYYYYYUUYH!!!!!!!'n.”
Last week, their label, Top Dawg, announced she'd be taking time off the tour on Instagram, writing, “I got some bad news. I have to take SZA off for a few days on the tour.”
“Her vocal chords [sic] are swollen and they have [sic] to rest their voice to prevent any permanent damage,” the statement continued. “We have been monitoring their close and this is the reason they missed the Arizona and New Mexico dates.”
“She'll see the doctor again in a few days and I'll update you guys on their status. As for the dates they missed, we'll figure out a way to make it up to you guys. -Top Dawg,” the statement concluded.
A rep for SZA did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment.
SZA also shared the message on their Instagram account, adding their own message in the caption.
SZA Cindy Ord/Getty
“For anyone who hasn't seen this . I've been touring for 11 months. This didn't happen overnight . Ive been troubleshooting for a while now and Usually steroids and pushing through help. They don't have this time,” they wrote.
“I'm not sick my voice just won't f—— work😔 🤷🏾‍♀️. If I don't pause now I'll be forced to pause permanently . I'm genuinely sorry for every face,voice ,and energy field I won't be touching!” they continued.
The guilt of letting down people that u Love is unreal . I'm connected to y'all like family . My actual energy exchange partners. This reminds me of the time I left my mom at botanical gardens by accident 😢 — SZA (@sza) May 24, 2018
“I'm literally taking as many steroids as I can to speed this up!! Its a waiting game and super weird to be blamed for stuff outta my control but I get it ! again .. I'm sorry..I'll be right back,” SZA added. “Pray for me or don't . Preciate u either way ❤-S”
Last Thursday, SZA also tweeted an apology to their fans after they couldn't make several tour dates.
“The guilt of letting down people that u Love is unreal . I'm connected to y'all like family . My actual energy exchange partners. This reminds me of the time I left my mom at botanical gardens by accident,” they wrote.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
The singer recently made a cameo in Childish Gambino's “This Is America” music video which debuted earlier this month.
They were nominated for five Grammy Awards earlier this year, including for best new artist — making them the year's most Grammy-nominated woman.
PROMISING Aussie defender Curtis Good is looking for a new home to reignite their career, revealing that their card had been marked at Premier League club Newcastle United.
Good, 25, has overcome years of hip issues to return to United's reserves, although Rafa Benitez has been reluctant to give them a crack in the first team with Newcastle 10th in the Premier League.
The former Melbourne City stopper, who injured themselves in their sole Socceroos appearance in March 2014, was eager to stay in Europe but was not closing any doors.
Feeling stronger than he's felt since breaking down four years ago, Good's two 90-minute outings in the space of four days last week are proof of their robust physical state.
Camera Icon Young defender Curtis Good is on the lookout for a new club. Picture: AAP
The former Young Socceroos captain, who is on the verge of obtaining their UK passport after six years in England, was ready for their next challenge.
“I definitely will be moving on. It'll be good for a change, obviously getting back to playing senior football is the biggest thing for me, the next step,'' Good said.
“I definitely want to stay in the UK. I want to give it another crack at the highest level. I feel like I had a great opportunity that was upset with my situation.
“It'll be nice to go trial somewhere if the opportunity comes up. The biggest thing is people seeing that you can play, and I've played over 20 games this season.
“I'd like to come home, but maybe when I'm older.”
Good, who was one of Australia's most highly-rated youth defenders, had no doubt they could do a job for Benitez if called upon.
Given every chance to make the 2014 World Cup squad by then coach Ange Postecoglou, Good admitted it was time for change.
Camera Icon Curtis Good was given their Socceroos shot under Ange Postecoglou. Picture: News Corp Australia
“A big thing from my perspective is I associate a lot of my time at Newcastle with this injury and maybe subconsciously people do here as well and that's a big reason I'm looking for a change,'' they said.
“I've had so many years here on the physio table and you're just looking for that change, you don't want to be known as the player who was injured.
“I have no issue whatsoever. If I got called up (to the first-team) tomorrow I could sit in there and do a job easy, I feel anyway. But people get opportunities ahead of you and you're chasing.”
UK Stocks-Factors to watch on June 15
June 15 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 3 points lower on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers. * ACACIA MINING: Barrick Gold, which owns 63.9 percent of Acacia Mining PLC , said its chairperson and Tanzania's president met on Wednesday and agreed to hold talks aimed at resolving an escalating dispute over an export ban which has hit Acacia. * BARCLAYS: Expectations have increased among current and former Barclays executives that the Serious Fraud Offi
Charges dismissed against driver in deadly Colorado crash
DURANGO, Colo. (AP) — All charges were dropped against a 77-year-old man who was accused of killing two pedestrians when their car veered off a Durango road last year.
The Durango Herald reports Bobby Lehmann was charged with two counts of careless driving resulting in death after the March 2017 crash killed a Fort Lewis College student and an Italian tourist.
La Plata County prosecutor Brendan Richards says there wasn't enough evidence to prosecute Lehmann, resulting in the district attorney's office requesting for the charges to be dismissed Monday.
Defense attorney Joel Fry says the crash was caused by an undiagnosed heart condition that has since been treated. Lehmann, who lives in La Grange, Texas, did not appear in court Monday.
The crash killed 23-year-old Allen Duke and 46-year-old Marco Ricchi.
___
Information from: Durango Herald, http://www.durangoherald.com
Letters to the Editor (Photo: NDN)
Best years yet to come
In my 46-plus years as a full-time resident and business owner in Naples, Hurricane Irma was the biggest threat of all the storms I had personally weathered, Hurricane Andrew included. No doubt, we were scared and appropriately so.
The storm's impact on our area is unquestionably substantial. And yet we are grateful. And I would like to switch the conversation from rehashing the damage and anxiety to celebrating all that makes Naples and Collier County so special.
Yes, it will take a while for the trees, foliage and flowers to grow back, but thankfully the basic structure of our area is largely intact. Yes, people are struggling and our hearts (and energies and resources) go out to Everglades City, Immokalee and those in true need who lost everything, but hasn't it been heartening to see people rally around those needs?
Yes, our businesses are worried about the upcoming season and whether people will still visit our Paradise Coast, but can't we all help contribute to this being the best season Naples has seen in years? I, for one, will be talking loudly about how fulfilling a place Naples is to visit, to live in and to work in. As a business owner on Third Street South and in Venetian Village, I will be talking loudly about all that we are doing to welcome customers and provide them with a memorably positive experience.
As a longtime resident of Naples, I will be talking loudly about the beauty and resilience of our community. I encourage our leaders and media to do the same. I am confident that Naples' best years can still be ahead of us.
Tony Ridgway, Naples
NFL symbolism is cheap
There is an old expression, "Talk is cheap." To that, we can now add "Symbolism is cheap," as in football players kneeling during the playing of the national anthem.
All of this is presumably in support of the slogan "Black Lives Matter." I don't believe them.
If they truly believed that black lives matter, they would be talking about the disintegration of the black family. They would be active in groups that promote childbirth during marriage, rather than out of wedlock. As matters stand, 73 percent of black children are born out of wedlock and most lack a father's influence. And this appears to be the greatest single cause of black poverty, school dropouts, drug use, criminal activity, etc.
They would be supporting the charter school movement. In many cities, charter schools offer the only hope for an effective minority education. But then again, this would cause conflict with the teachers unions, a political ally on the left.
Where are these "heroes" when it comes to the important issues? They kneel and then go about their business. While there may certainly be exceptions, the players who kneel on the sidelines and then remain on the sidelines on the truly important issues are phonies. All talk -- symbolism -- and no action.
Yes, talk -- and symbolism -- are cheap. And that is what these uninvolved "heroes" are: cheap.
Robert Minogue, Naples
Don't ignore Trump's nonsense
The world seems in a spiral of horrors: hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes and earthquakes. Our country and others have been devastated. Homes and lives have been lost; people are starving.
The most important issue to President Donald Trump is certainly not Puerto Rico (or the loss of lives). Instead, it is their erroneous belief that the national anthem is a song for the military and their insults and usual nonsense are embarrassing to the entire world. Their childish twitter is an insult to adult Americans.
Every child entering elementary school is taught the national anthem. Certainly, they don't believe elementary school children are "military," or does he?
This administration is hell-bent on destroying what we have accomplished with sweat and tears and blood. The respect we have earned with the world powers was surpassed by no other humanitarian nation until they met Donald Trump.
It seems their goal is to demean the very country they were elected to lead.
I really don't want to analyze who or what they are or their goals are, I only know I want this country to look closely at what is happening to us, the American people. We are being consistently deceived and it seems to be acceptable. To how many Americans is their childish rhetoric acceptable, never mind the leader of what was the greatest country ever? They decided we should go back to their idea of "greatness." I am still trying to ascertain what they are talking about.
It is time for all thinking Americans to voice their concern. We cannot shrug off this out-of-control egomaniac, who hasn't a clue how to follow an order, never mind give a sensible one.
Irene Ketover, Naples
Demand respect for anthem, flag
Commissioner Roger Goodell has lost control of the NFL. It was an embarrassment what the players did in England on Sept. 10. They showed no respect for the American flag or our country and no respect for the many men and women who have given their lives so we can be free.
I would say most of the players (protesters) don't even know what they are protesting. In the past, the NFL would not allow players to give honor to the victims of 9/11, or the five police officers killed in Dallas, or the women who have breast cancer, but yet allow players to disrespect our flag and national anthem.
Could any of you protest at work on company time?
We should boycott the NFL until this issue is resolved and we are all on the same page, which is to respect and honor our flag and country.
Jim Yoder, Golden Gate
Charge for shelters
Huh? Folks in the need of public shelter have been insulted by the reckless behavior of vandals, leaving our public schools in ugly condition.
Why not charge a very nominal charge per family and/or person for shelter? If kids are caught vandalizing, the parents will be held accountable. Parents will then drill the fear of God into their kids to behave. Ten dollars per family should be doable.
Pets need shelter too. Starting now, let's think about a depository for pet crates to have on hand for the shelters.
It was an ugly storm, but we're learning a lot. Let's not be short on memory: Naples Strong.
Sally Kellogg, Naples
Trump doing their job
I didn't hire President Donald Trump so they could make me feel better during crises.
I didn't hire Trump to be my moral compass. I didn't hire Trump for a shoulder to cry on. I didn't hire Trump to sympathize with, or eloquently speak for, any group that might feel victimized. I didn't hire Trump to be an apologist for fools who happen to have been born in the United States. I didn't hire Trump to be my pastor or father figure.
I hired Trump to appoint judges who will interpret the law as written by our elected representatives. I hired Trump to secure our borders and stop illegal immigration so wages for legal immigrants and others with and without high school diplomas might increase for the first time in decades.
I hired Trump to renegotiate trade treaties that have decimated our manufacturing jobs. I hired Trump to stop and reverse the insidious penetration of federal regulations into every facet of our private lives. I hired Trump to expose the corrupt establishment of both parties and the press.
Despite roadblocks at every turn, he's made some progress in almost everything I hired them to do. However, I was too naive to realize how hard the "swamp" would fight back. I believed former President Barack Obama when they said, "Elections have consequences." Apparently, others didn't.
David Henderson, Naples
Support texting law
Kudos to Collier County Sheriff Kevin Rambosk and Collier County Commissioner Bill McDaniel for introducing a resolution to the County Commission calling for the Florida Legislature to make texting while driving a primary offense and to the commission for unanimously adopting it.
Florida is one of only four states that does not have this law. Currently, motorists can only be cited for texting while driving if they are pulled over for another reason. Yet, statistics from the National Safety Council show that 64 percent of all U.S. road incidents involve cellphones and that 78 percent of those incidents involve texting. Texting is by far the most dangerous of the “distracted driving” practices.
Collier County joins a growing number of counties and municipalities across the state that are supporting bills in both the state House and Senate that will make texting while driving a primary offense.
Florida remains No. 1 in the country in traffic crashes and fatalities of all types, so it would seem that this legislation would be a no-brainer. However, it is meeting with resistance. To overcome it, Sen. Kathleen Passidomo and Reps. Byron Donalds, Bob Rommel and Carlos Trujillo -- and especially House and Senate leadership -- need to hear from voters now during the committee meetings as well as when the legislative session begins in January.
Beth Brainard, Naples
Executive director, Naples Pathways Coalition,
and representative, DNT TXT N DRV Coalition
Storm recovery support offered
As our community and our families recover from Hurricane Irma, we have to acknowledge that with a natural disaster and the response to a natural disaster come post-traumatic stress.
Studies on severe natural disasters report that up to 50 percent of people suffer from significant distress and psychopathology after the event (U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, 2017). Whether you evacuated, stayed or worked through the event, we are all impacted by the fear and realness of the hurricane and its impact on our community and our families.
Being without power and bare necessities and having limited contact with the ones that we love and care for cause stress and feelings of being overwhelmed. Hopelessness and panic begin to set in on our minds and bodies.
Having to make large life-or-death decisions regarding our homes and our families are not easy choices or conversations to be having. Many of us may have noticed feeling numb, being on autopilot, feeling disoriented and detached and feeling like we have lost our routine, our way of life. When that system is upset, our minds and bodies need time to process and readjust. When that readjustment is happening during a time of fear and stress, it makes it more difficult for us all to know how to behave and feel.
During this time of rebuilding and recovery, the Emotional Wellness team with Community Health Partners is here to support you and your families. Rest, take care of yourself, process and talk about your feelings and experiences with those you care about -- all of these things make us feel less alone. We want you to know that we are here to help and offer support in any way.
Jaime Crossan-DeBres, Naples
Children's therapist, clinician
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/opinion/readers/2017/10/06/letters-editor-saturday-oct-7-2017/727878001/
The Center of Applied Technology – North's Printing Technologies program and instructor Michael Born have been honored for the program's innovative approach to preparing students for entry-level positions in the printing industry with the 2016 Frederick D. Kagy Education Award of Excellence.
The award, given by the Printing Industries of America (PIA), recognizes the program's hands-on approach, which ensures that students are familiar with all operations of a printing company from file creation to job planning and estimating through final production and finishing.
Under Born's guidance, enrollment in the Printing Technologies program has increased by 70 percent.
“Since the first day I started this position, I've been one of the first people to enter the building in the morning and almost always the last to leave,” Born said. “I've worked very hard to build a great program and this award validates that effort.”
To enhance the knowledge of their students, Born employs inventive teaching practices such as the “Human Printing Press.” Students learn the features and functions of the components of a printing press and act out the printing process in order to envision the system as a whole.
Another example includes having students interact with equipment and machinery on their first day of class. This allows students to have a powerful sensory introduction to the printing environment consisting of sound, motion, touch, and smell. The program taps heavily into industry support through its active advisory board.
“Mr. Born has turned the CAT-North program into one to be emulated,” said Gary Habicht, president of Printing Specialist Corporation. “The kids involved are enthusiastic and thoroughly engaged in what they are doing. You can feel the level of excitement in the classroom, as compared to a few years ago, when it seemed to be just another class.”
Source : AACPS
Related
Category: Local News, NEWS
With a swipe of a pen Monday, Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant signed into law a bill that prevents women from getting abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy. Their state, effective immediately, now holds the distinction of having the earliest abortion ban in the nation.
"As I have repeatedly said, I want Mississippi to be the safest place in America for an unborn child," Bryant tweeted this month in anticipation of the bill's passage. Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves echoed that sentiment Monday, tweeting "It's a great day in Mississippi" along with a picture of the signing.
Also known as the Gestational Age Act, Mississippi's new law makes exceptions only for medical emergencies or cases in which there's a "severe fetal abnormality." There are no exceptions for incidents of rape or incest.
The law also puts physicians on notice. Doctors who perform abortions after 15 weeks will be required to submit reports detailing the circumstances. If they knowingly violate the law, their medical licenses will be suspended or revoked in Mississippi. If they falsify records, they will face civil penalties or be forced to pay fines of up to $500.
The measure is just one in a string of efforts to diminish access to abortions in Mississippi, critics say.
"Abortion is a safe medical procedure and it is a critical part of the broad spectrum of reproductive health care that a woman may use in their lifetime," said Felicia Brown-Williams, Mississippi state director for Planned Parenthood Southeast Advocates, in a statement. "This ban is not only unconstitutional -- it endangers women's health care across our state. If legislators truly cared about women's health, they would be focused on ways to improve access to health care for women, not restrict it."
Access to abortions in Mississippi was already highly restrictive.
It is among a small handful of states that has one remaining clinic: in this case, Jackson Women's Health Organization. Although Mississippi is among the states with a 20-week ban, up until the enactment of this latest bill, the cutoff time for abortions at the Jackson clinic was 16 weeks. And since hospitals won't perform abortions, the resulting one-week change brought on by this new law is "arbitrary," based on "capricious whim" and a way to "feed political meat" to a political base, said Dr. Willie Parker, board chairperson of Physicians for Reproductive Health.
Mississippi is the only state in the country that requires physicians who perform abortions to be board-certified or board-eligible obstetrician-gynecologists, a fact that's being challenged in court as unconstitutional by the Center for Reproductive Rights. Parker, an OB/GYN, explained that they could be trained in a plastic surgical procedure and be free to perform that procedure in Mississippi, even though he's not a board-certified plastic surgeon. But a family physician, a surgeon or an internist trained to perform abortions isn't given the same leeway.
Mississippi also requires in-person counseling and a 24-hour waiting period before receiving an abortion, which means women must make repeat trips to the facility -- a fact that's especially burdensome for those living outside Jackson. Health plans under the Affordable Care Act, insurance policies for public employees and public funding for abortions can be applied only in cases of rape, incest, fetal impairment or when a life is endangered, according to the Guttmacher Institute.
About 2,000 women a year in Mississippi receive abortions, Parker said. The vast majority, 88%, receive them in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy. So by 15 weeks, they estimate, 200 women in Mississippi who should have access to an abortion no longer will.
For women living in poverty who need time to gather resources to pay for an abortion and for those outside Jackson who need to find ways to cover additional expenses associated with travel, House Bill 1510 will close the door to a procedure that's been a legal right for women since the passage of Roe v. Wade in 1973.
Proponents of the bill, like Mississippi State Rep. Dan Eubanks, argue that this law will do what's best for women.
"Beyond the obvious debate of trying to save the lives of innocent babies, there is the often less discussed issues that relates to the health of the mother who receives an abortion," Eubanks wrote in an email. "When did looking out for the life, health and overall wellbeing of a child or its mother start getting labeled as extreme in this country?"
Eubanks says that the longer a woman carries a child in their womb, "the greater the potential they will suffer from psychological, emotional, and physical damages as an outcome," though that contention is generally disputed by those who advocate for safe access to abortions.
The new Mississippi law is expected to be challenged in court.
The Center for Reproductive Rights points out that similar efforts in other states -- Arizona, North Dakota and Arkansas -- were shot down on constitutional grounds. And the advocacy group expects that this bill to ban "pre-viability abortion" will similarly be stopped.
"Mississippi politicians' flagrant assault on reproductive rights will not go unchallenged," said Lourdes Rivera, senior vice president of US programs at the Center for Reproductive Rights, in a written statement. "This bill is dangerous and unconstitutional. The Center is prepared to answer any attempt to undermine 40 years of Supreme Court precedent with the full force of the law."
Monday on CNN's “The Axe Files,” podcast Rep. Luis Gutierrez (D-IL) said Democrats must fight against the “immoral” U.S.-Mexico border wall.
advertisement
They called for consistency on that issue as Democrats have routinely opposed defunding Planned Parenthood and have been advocates for same-sex marriage.
Gutierrez said, “The Democratic caucus in the House of Representatives and the U.S. senators would basically have to turn their back on a key constituent group, right, which are Latinos, and on fairness and justice because it's immoral to talk about that wall.”
They added, “Democrats have to be consistent. You know, if this were over defunding Planned Parenthood, we wouldn't even have a question of Democrats sitting down and negotiating for that budget. If this were to eliminate same-sex marriage, we wouldn't have a conversation as Democrats whether we were going to vote for that budget. You know what if it's for deportation and splitting up families and destroying the ‘Dreamers,' Democrats have to say that's a line we won't cross either. That's a key fundamental value of our Democratic Party. I think we're going to meet that challenge. I really believe we are going to meet that challenge.”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The Free Speech Coalition (FSC), the pornography industry's leading trade group, is urging the shutdown of all adult film production following concerns that an adult film performer has possibly tested positive for HIV.
“The test has not yet been confirmed, and we will know whether or not it is a false positive in the next several days,” the group announced in a statement Saturday. “Based on current information, we do not believe there is a threat to the integrity and safety of the performer pool.”
“If it is a false positive, the hold will be lifted on Wednesday,” the group said.
The group made it clear that “production holds are an important part of the safety protocols in adult film, but does not signal an actual on-set transmission, nor a confirmed positive test.”
“Our primary concern is for the performer and the safety of the industry,” FSC communications director Mike Stabile told Breitbart News.
The Adult Performer Advocacy Committee joined the FSC in urging a “temporary industry-wide” production halt.
“The performer is currently being re-tested to establish whether the result was a false-positive or if there is need for further testing,” the Adult Performer Advocacy Committee said in a statement. “Based on the current genealogy, there is low-risk to the performer pool. APAC will release a statement within the next few days regarding whether the production hold is called off or if a two-week moratorium is necessary.”
Fears of HIV exposure led to three separate production halts in 2013.
If the performer tests negative for HIV, the FSC said, the hold will be lifted on Wednesday.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - The ramp to Southbound U.S. 68 from I-35 is closed after a hazardous materials incident.
A truck is reportedly leaking a corrosive agent onto the ramp. The trailer flipped on its side but the cab remained upright.
Dozens of crews are on the scene. There are no reports of injuries.
It's not yet clear what caused the crash.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - A joint appeal of the Irish government and the US tech giant Apple against an EU ruling on the company's unpaid taxes is likely to be considered in fall, Irish Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform Paschal Donohoe said.
In 2016, the European Commission ruled that Apple had to pay $15 billion to Ireland, after determining that the low tax rate given to the US technology giant by Irish tax authorities broke the state aid rules. Both Ireland and Apple appealed the ruling.
"We expect the appeal is likely to begin in the autumn… How long the hearings last will depend on the judges overseeing it and they could be open to either party after that to take any further actions," Donohoe said Tuesday, as quoted by the Guardian newspaper.
According to the newspaper, the Irish authorities appointed managers for an escrow account last month to be responsible for the money until the outcome of the appeal. The money would reportedly be recovered in a series of payments starting in the second quarter of 2018 until the end of September.
Walmart is selling "Impeach 45" apparel online, sparking outrage and a "boycott Walmart" campaign in support of the 45th president, Donald Trump. The retail giant is selling "Impeach 45" baby onesies and men's T-shirts, both made by the apparel company Old Glory, on its website.
Scroll for more content...
Various items that echo the same anti-Trump sentiment are also available on Walmart's website, including other T-shirts, bumper stickers and coffee mugs made by several companies.
Trump advocate Ryan Fournier brought attention to the controversial apparel on Twitter, CBS affiliate WGCL-TV reports.
Fournier tweeted at Walmart about the items, writing: "Why are you selling Impeach 45 baby clothes on your website????? What kind of message are you trying to send?"
.@walmart why are you selling Impeach 45 baby clothes on your website????? What kind of message are you trying to send? https://t.co/PwI4nCVAZx — Ryan Fournier (@RyanAFournier) July 3, 2018
Their post has been retweeted more than 6,000 times, and other people took to Twitter to express their distaste for the shirts.
Some used a "boycott Walmart" hashtag, sparking a campaign to ditch the retail giant. The anti-Walmart campaign has grown among some users, but many others have come to Walmart's defense.
One person pointed out that the company also sells clothing made by various vendors for people who oppose Mr. Trump's opponent in the 2016 presidential election, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, and former President Obama. Pro-Trump apparel is also available on the Walmart website.
As of Tuesday morning, the red, white and blue "Impeach 45" shirts were still available on Walmart's online store. It was unclear if they are available in stores. Walmart did not immediately respond to CBS News' request for comment.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dozens of victims of former USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar are expected to detail their traumatic ordeals in a Michigan courtroom on Friday, as fallout from the sex abuse scandal widens.
Nassar, 54, has already been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for molesting young female gymnasts under the guise of medical treatment, after more than 150 victims offered anguished accounts of their years of abuse.  They are also serving a 60-year federal term for child pornography convictions.
The latest sentencing hearing in Eaton County, which saw around 30 women testify during its first day on Wednesday, is related to a separate set of charges to which Nassar pleaded guilty as part of an agreement with prosecutors.
Their case has sparked broader outrage after numerous victims accused USA Gymnastics, the sport's governing body, and Michigan State University, where Nassar worked, of failing to investigate complaints about them going back years. U.S. Olympic officials have also been criticized by some of the sport's biggest stars, including gold medalists Aly Raisman, Simone Biles and McKayla Maroney.
On Thursday, the police department in Meridian, Michigan, apologized publicly to one victim for declining to press charges against Nassar in 2004 when they reported that they abused them The Wall Street Journal also said on Thursday that U.S. Olympic officials did not intervene after being told in 2015 that USA Gymnastics had uncovered possible abuse by Nassar.
USA Gymnastics' board of directors resigned en masse last week in the wake of Nassar's sentencing, as did the president and athletic director of Michigan State. The scandal has prompted several investigations into those institutions.
Nassar faces a minimum of 25 years in prison in Eaton County, even though they are already assured of spending the rest of their life in prison. (Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Daniel Wallis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Charlotte, Michigan — A father of three victims tried to attack Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom on Friday after a judge declined their request for a few minutes alone in a locked room with the "demon" former sports doctor. They were blocked by an attorney and tackled by sheriff's deputies.
Two of the man's daughters had just told the judge that they and another sister had been sexually abused by Nassar under the guise of medical treatment. Their father, Randall Margraves, told the judge they were a "distraught father."
Margraves then looked at Nassar, shook their head and called them a profanity while speaking at the courtroom podium. Margraves then asked for "five minutes" alone with Nassar. The judge said they couldn't allow that. They asked for one minute, and they again declined.
Margraves then lunged at Nassar, who was sitting nearby.
Margraves are restrained by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court. They returned a few hours later to apologise to Judge Janice Cunningham, who said there was "no way" they would punish them under their contempt of court powers. They noted the anguish felt by families over Nassar's crimes.
JUST IN: Father of Larry Nassar victim charges at the disgraced former USA Gymnastics doctor in court. They were tackled and taken into police custody. https://t.co/O0pXTKVqV6 pic.twitter.com/hSOEHCLD2d — ABC News (@ABC) February 2, 2018
Father who charged Larry Nassar in courtroom this morning is released after assuring judge the incident was an emotional reaction to victims' testimony. https://t.co/zZ0NpAMfCR pic.twitter.com/dJUwZs5JqH — ABC News (@ABC) February 2, 2018
Distraught father of three Larry Nassar victims who attempted to attack the disgraced doctor in court today: I hope that they "will be escorted to one of the deepest, darkest, hottest pits in hell there is." https://t.co/EUlmKileod pic.twitter.com/1EyyyYRxgC — ABC News (@ABC) February 2, 2018
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar on assault charges. The charges focus on their work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. The judge resumed the hearing after about 25 minutes.
Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to "use your words," not violence.
"This is letting them have this power over us," they said. "We cannot behave like this. I understand this is a remarkable situation. But you cannot do this. This is not helping your children. This is not helping your community. This is not helping us."
Moments before Margraves' stunning courtroom charge, one of their daughters, Lauren Margraves, had told the judge that their parents were "filled with regret" because they took the girls to see Nassar.
"I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't," they told Nassar. "The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you."
More than 30 victims have given statements so far during the hearing, which began Wednesday and is expected to stretch into next week.
During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward to say Nassar abused them under the guise of medical treatment while they worked with Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics. They were sentenced to up to 175 years in prison in that case. They had already been sentenced to 60 years in prison on child pornography charges.
Earlier Friday, the judge reopened the hearing by saying controversial comments made by one of Nassar's attorneys were "unfortunate." The lawyer, Shannon Smith, told radio station WWJ that they had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they are victims.
Cunningham said Nassar didn't authorise the statements and has disavowed them.
"What is relevant is for the court to hear each individual story and how the criminal actions of the defendant impacted each individual's life," Cunningham said.
AP
A top Pakistani military spokesperson accused India of fueling terrorism “using Afghan soil” in an interview published Sunday, citing alleged Indian spy Kulbhushan Jadhav, currently in Islamabad's custody, as an example.
Authorities arrested Jadhav in Balochistan, Pakistan's largest province, on spying charges.
Pakistan has long accused India of supporting sectarian and separatist militants in its restive Balochistan province, namely the Baloch Liberation Army (BLA), but some members of the group who have been fighting Islamabad in a bid for independence have denied the allegations.
Balochistan is a region that covers Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Iran. It makes up Pakistan's largest province.
In an exclusive interview with Gulf News, Maj. Gen. Asif Ghafoor, the head of the Pakistani military's media wing, declared:
[The] threat from India is perpetual. India is not only challenging Pakistan conventionally along our eastern borders but is busy in fomenting unrest through terrorism using Afghan soil … we are not having any let-up in safeguarding against Indian threat.
The generals' comments came in response to Gulf News asking about the “biggest threat” facing Pakistan and whether or not the country's army remains “India focused.”
Gen. Ghafoor identified tension with India and instability in Afghanistan as Pakistan's “biggest challenges.” Tensions between nuclear-armed India and Pakistan have escalated in recent days over a diplomatic dispute.
The rivaling nations are fighting a proxy war over control of the Muslim-majority region of Kashmir where cross-border shellings have reportedly increased.
“We will not only secure India internally but can also cross-border, if needed, to protect the nation,” reportedly declared Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
Meanwhile, India's growing influence in Afghanistan threatens Pakistan, according to various analysts, including the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR).
New Delhi has provided hundreds of millions in assistance to Afghanistan.
When announcing their Afghanistan war strategy in August 2017, U.S. President Donald Trump praised India's support for the war-devastated country while condemning Pakistan for supporting terrorists in the region.
As America's relation with Pakistan continues to deteriorate, U.S.-India ties appear to be flourishing.
Gen. Ghafoor declared that normalizing India-Pakistan relations is only possible after resolving the Kashmir issue.
The top general told Gulf News:
For normalized Indo-Pak relationship, all issues including the core issue of Kashmir between the two nuclear countries need to be resolved. India needs to behave like a responsible country, stop atrocities on both sides of the LOC [Line of Control] and also discontinue interference inside Pakistan through state-sponsored terrorism.
Pakistan, its ally China, and their rival India all have competing claims to the Muslim-majority Himalayan region of Kashmir.
The LOC separates the Indian and Pakistani-held Kashmir territories
While India accuses Pakistan of supporting jihadists in Kashmir, Islamabad accuses New Delhi of backing separatists in the region.
I remembered what it was like to have the full force of Harvey Weinstein — back then a mountainous man — screaming vulgarities at me, their spit hitting my face. I had watched them haul my friend into the street and try to hurt him. That kind of force, that kind of power? I could not have won against that.
× 2 homes hit by bullets in Paradise Hills
SAN DIEGO — San Diego police are investigating after two homes were hit by bullets in the Paradise Hills area.
Around 3:40 p.m., police received reports of a shooting in the 5900 block of Cumberland Street, according to Lt. Jerry Mcmanus.
Officers are interviewing some persons of interest, Mcmanus said.
No other information was immediately available.
Check back for updates on this developing story.
One of the two Wisconsin girls who stabbed a classmate 19 times to appease the fictional online character “Slenderman” sobbed in court on Thursday as they recounted the 2014 attack during a hearing that ended with the 15-year-old pleading guilty to attempted homicide.
Morgan Geyser was committed to a state mental hospital following Thursday's plea, according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. The teen has been receiving treatment at the same state facility for the last two years.
Geyser accepted a plea deal from prosecutors. Under the terms of the deal, they will avoid prison, the paper reports.
In August, Geyser's co-defendant, Anissa Weier, also admitted their role in the attack, pleading guilty to attempted second-degree homicide as a party to a crime with use of a deadly weapon. She, too, was committed to a mental hospital.
In May of 2014, when they were 12, Weier and Geyser lured Payton Leutner, also 12 at the time, to a wood, telling them they wanted to play hide and seek. It was there that Geyser stabbed Leutner 19 times while Weier urged them on.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Both Weier and Geyser told detectives they felt they had to kill Leutner as part of an effort to become Slenderman's servants — which they believed would protect their families from the demon's wrath. They were both charged as adults with attempted first-degree intentional homicide and initially pleaded not guilty by reason of mental illness or defect.
Leutner survived the attack. They were found by a passing cyclist on a bike path of a local park, fighting for their life and begging for help.
On Thursday, Geyser told Judge Michael Bohren about the attack in vivid detail, according to CBS News.
• PEOPLE's special edition True Crime Stories: 35 Real Cases That Inspired the Show Law & Order is on sale now.
“Anissa and I took [Leutner] in the forest and said that we were going to play hide and seek,” Geyser said, crying. “Anissa said that they couldn't do it and that I had to.”
CBS reports they then told Bohren: “I tackled them I stabbed her.”
When asked where they stabbed Leutner, Geyser said: “Everywhere.” When asked how many times they stabbed the victim, Geyser said, “19.”
Then, “Anissa told them to lie down so they wouldn't lose blood so quickly, and told them to be quiet, and we left,” Geyser said.
Prosecutors asked a judge Thursday to sentence Geyser to 40 years in a mental hospital, according to NBC News. The girl will undergo a doctor's evaluation by Nov. 13, and a sentencing hearing will be scheduled for a later date.
Geyser's attorneys have argued in court documents that they suffer from schizophrenia and psychotic spectrum disorder, making them prone to delusions and paranoid beliefs.
CBS reports that a psychiatrist hired by the defense testified Geyser believed they could communicate telepathically with Slenderman and could even see and hear other fictional characters, including Harry Potter and the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. They also allegedly believed they had “Vulcan mind control.”
Leutner's family issued a statement saying they were happy to avoid a trial.
“Though we do not believe that an institution is where these attempted murderers belong, the current legal system does not favor victims in this situation,” the statement said.
“We wish to thank the District Attorney and their team in their efforts. They have assisted our family throughout the process. With this closure, our daughter is a heroic survivor — and no longer a victim.”
[India], Feb. 03. (ANI): Leader of the Opposition in Madhya Pradesh Assembly Ajay Singh on Saturday expressed their disappointment after they did not receive a card for the oath ceremony following the cabinet expansion.
"I am very disappointed that I did not receive a card for the oath ceremony following the cabinet expansion today. The card was delivered to my house at 9:55 am, after I left for Harda," LoP Ajay Singh told ANI.
Singh's statements come after three new ministers were inducted in the Madhya Pradesh Cabinet today.
Earlier, Narayan Singh Kushwaha (Gwalior West), Balkrishna Patidar (Khargone) and Zalam Singh Patel (Narsinghpur) sworn-in as new members of Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's Cabinet. Meanwhile, Chouhan said the reshuffling and expansion of the state cabinet were part and parcel of their move to balance the system. There are also reports that a few ministers are likely to be dropped on the basis of their performance. (ANI)
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – Dozens of people gathered in Knoxville Monday to celebrate 154 years since the Emancipation Proclamation was signed. It was the fourth year the NAACP has put on the service.
Dozens of people packed the pews of Mt. Zion Baptist Church, singing and praying as they remembered the past and acknowledged the changes seen over time.
“We wanted to highlight the struggles, the accomplishments, and what we have to continue to do to ensure that all people of color are free,” said NAACP president Rev. Dr. John Butler.
Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863, effectively ending slavery.
“The Lord tells us in the Bible that we constantly should remind ourselves, and our children, and our children's children of what he's brought us through,” said Butler.
Many say while we've taken big steps forward in the last 154 years, there is still a lot of work to do.
“Blacks in America constitute 12 percent approximately of the population, but we account for 37 percent of those in prison,” said Rev. Charles F. Lomax Jr.
Churches, organizations, and people from throughout Knoxville came together to remind everyone to keep working hard for what you believe in and to keep pushing for equality.
“We're in this thing together. We all will live together or fall apart,” said Butler.
The NAACP says they plan to keep having these celebrations each year.
While it was hoped the monument would recover in summer, this took longer than expected. July and August still had 30 percent fewer visitors compared to 2015.
The Atomium seems to be recovering now. Last December was an excellent month with over 43,000 visitors in the 9 spheres. This is over 30 percent up on the year.
Last December was the fourth best month since the Atomium was reopened in 2006. This is partly thanks to a special exhibition about the former Belgian airline Sabena, called "Sabena. Travelling in style".
The financial impact could be handled due to the previous good years.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILWAUKEE, Wis. -- A democrat running for governor of Wisconsin, who breastfed their daughter in a campaign ad, is brushing aside criticism and said the response has been "overwhelmingly positive," according to WITI.
While shooting an ad about their work to ban a toxic chemical in baby bottles, Kelda Roys' 4-month-old daughter started to cry and their husband handed the baby to them
Roys consoled their daughter, then breastfed them as the camera crew kept shooting. In an interview with WITI, they said it was an unscripted moment.
"When the clip came back and it had the nursing in it, I said, 'You know, let's keep it in there. Why not?' Roys said. "People are ready for candidates they can relate to."
While Roys said men and women have responded positively to the ad, their campaign released a fundraising email to supporters that showed more negative comments on Facebook.
"Stay home with your baby and stay out of politics," said one person.
"Sick (expletive) exploiting their baby," wrote another.
Roys, who served two terms in the state Assembly, said such attacks are common for women in public service.
"You know what's funny? As a woman who has been in public life - I was the head of NARAL Pro-Choice Wisconsin and I was in the Assembly - I'm used to that kind of really disgusting, sexist language," said Roys.
The ad went online a day after a Marquette University Law School Poll showed 92 percent of voters didn't know much about Roys, putting them at the top of that category among nine democratic hopefuls for governor.
Roys also got zero percent support when democrats were asked who they would vote for in the primary, the worst of the nine candidates polled.
Roys said she's not concerned that the large number of candidates is making it difficult for any of their messages to get through to voters.
"Some candidates are probably not going to make to the ballot, and that's fine. There are candidates out there campaigning, traveling the state, raising money, reaching out the voters and there are other campaigns who are not, and that will become clear," said Roys.
All of those candidates are seeking the opportunity to face two-term incumbent Republican Gov. Scott Walker in the November election. The primary is in August.
Negros Occidental Governor Alfredo Marañon Jr says Task Force Buglas will ensure coordination down to the barangay level to fend off any terrorist threat in the province
Published 5:47 PM, June 13, 2017
BACOLOD CITY, Philippines – In the wake of the Marawi crisis that prompted a martial law declaration in Mindanao, the provincial government of Negros Occidental has created an anti-terrorism task force to intensify its security measures against any terror threat.
Governor Alfredo Marañon Jr signed the executive order creating a task force for peace and security, or Task Force Buglas, over two weeks after the Marawi siege started on May 23.
They said the anti-terrorism body will ensure "coordination down to the barangay level" to fend off any terror threat in the province.
The order cited the need to improve communications and linkages among local government agencies, civil society, communities, and law enforcement agencies; and to prepare for a possible terror threat and the proper response in times of crisis.
The order said the priority is to prevent any form of extremism in Negros Occidental, especially as it is accessible to travelers from Mindanao.
The order added that extremism is emerging as a major threat to peace and security in the country, especially in Mindanao, as recently experienced in Marawi City. (READ: AFP chief Año details aborted Maute-ISIS 'grand plan' in Marawi)
President Rodrigo Duterte earlier said they were mulling the expansion of the martial law declaration to the Visayas as it was only "a walking distance" to Mindanao. They later modified this to a possible suspension of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in the Visayas, if the terrorist threat reaches the region.
Functions
The functions of Task Force Buglas include:
Ensure proper coordination of different agencies to protect Negros Occidental from the threat of terrorism, crime, and other lawless elements
Coordinate to efficiently provide humanitarian assistance during times of crisis and disasters
Strengthen communication linkages with communities to immediately gather reliable information that need swift action
Promote awareness among members of the community on their roles on law enforcement and public safety
Perform other functions that may be necessary in delivering the mandate of the unit, to sustain peace and order, and public safety
The task force will be chaired by Marañon, with Vice Governor Eugenio Jose Lacson as vice chair, and provincial planning and development coordinator Maria Lina Sanogal as executive director.
Members of the task force include the chairperson of the Sangguniang Panlalawigan Committee on Peace and Order and Public Safety, Negros Occidental Provincial Police, Armed Forces of the Philippines, Provincial Social Welfare and Development Office, Provincial Environment Management Office, and Public Information Office, among others.
The newly-created task force will hold an anti-terrorism summit next month, and will tackle topics such as understanding extremism, conditions that created it, how to address it and prevent terror especially at the barangay level.
Sanogal said mayors, barangay captains, and various stakeholders such as representatives from non-governmental organizations and the academe are expected to attend the summit.
They also said the task force will facilitate coordination between the law enforcers and the community for "prompt reporting." – Rappler.com
There is no doubt that a 2003 car tax increase helped wreck Democrat Gray Davis' career as governor of California. But a new batch of car taxes just passed by state legislators at the strong urging of Gov. Jerry Brown will not harm them or their legacy.
One reason for this is the timing: Davis was ousted in a recall election first proposed by this column less than one month after their re-election in 2002. They had almost three years remaining in their term by the time the recall came to a vote in October 2003.
Brown has less than two years left to serve; even if a recall movement arose, there could be no vote until sometime next year, when Brown would have only months left to serve. That calendar means there's little point to this kind of exercise, so it won't happen.
There are plenty of other differences, too. For one thing, corruption and not the car tax actually spurred the Davis recall, even if a lot of pundits with faulty memories now say otherwise. The column that began the recall drive (cited by national publications like the New York Times and the Christian Science Monitor and by Ted Costa, the activist who filed the first recall papers) decried the fact turnout was lower by 1.5 million in the 2002 election when Davis won a second term than in the election that first made them governor in 1998.
“This happened,” the column said, “because of massive popular disgust with a political system that encouraged graft and corruption.” It went on to describe how beholden Davis was to their big donors, both labor unions and corporations. That prompted Arnold Schwarzenegger's first promise on entering the recall election: that they would take no money from special interests.
This, of course, was the first of many broken Schwarzenegger promises.
Then there's the fact that Davis acted alone when they raised car registration taxes in 2003, a move that unquestionably added oomph to the already-active recall. They activated a provision in California law allowing vehicle registration fees that have previously been lowered to be raised again by the governor in times of budget deficits. The state consistently ran large budget deficits at that time.
Brown, meanwhile, got their car tax increases passed by a two-thirds vote of the Legislature, even winning over one Republican. So Jon Coupal, head of the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association, was off the mark the other day when they likened the current scene to 2003.
In fact, road conditions are far worse now than 14 years ago. That's partly because electric vehicles and highly efficient hybrids have dramatically cut use of gasoline and also the gas tax revenues used for road repair.
The new taxes will hit not only gasoline buyers, but also assess EVs that use no gas, which seems fair to most Californians because those cars and trucks use the same roads as all others, but until now have not paid a fair share for that privilege.
Advertisement
It's also true that Davis was unpopular even before the recall focused attention on their negatives; their job approval ratings in various polls were in the low-40 percent range, far below Brown's performance, now running in the high 50-percent range.
Sure, the well-documented corruption and sweetheart deals at state agencies like the Public Utilities and Energy commissions, both run entirely by Brown appointees, could provide reasons for voters to see Brown negatively. But polls suggest most voters have not cared much about any of that, at least not yet, and certainly not enough to seriously tar Brown's reputation.
Then there's the fact that most voters appear to believe major road repairs are vitally needed, while there was no such feeling in 2003.
So the scene today is vastly different from 14 years ago, and it's serious overreach to suggest Brown might suffer a major backlash because of the new levies.
The bottom line: Brown's reputation and legacy have not yet been tainted by the serious problems in some state agencies under their authority, so there's no reason to believe new car taxes will harm him, either.
Thomas D. Elias is a writer in Southern California. tdelias@aol.com
[India] Mar 20 (ANI): Mumbai Railway traffic was affected on Tuesday after the students of the India Act Apprentice Association staged a protest on the railway tracks between Matunga and Dadar station on the central line.
Around 500 students staged a rail blockade demanding jobs in the railways sector.
The Central Railway said rail traffic between Dadar and Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus was affected due to the protest.
Speech to Text for Friday Night Forecast
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
cold conditions will continue through the night tonight so bundle up if you have to be outside. temperatures will drop to the teens and stay there through the night. windy conditions will set in tomorrow and expect wind gusts up to 30 miles per hour. it will be warmer tomorrow and highs will be in the lower 40's. mostly cloudy skies will continue through the day ahead of a chance of snow saturday night. the chance will linger through the day on sunday after lows saturday night in the lower 30's. continue through the night tonight so bundle up if you have to be outside. temperatures will drop to the teens and stay there through the night. windy conditions will set in tomorrow and expect wind gusts up to 30 miles per hour. it will be warmer tomorrow and highs will be in the lower 40's. mostly cloudy skies will continue through the day ahead of a chance of snow saturday night. the chance will linger through the day on sunday after lows saturday night in the lower 30's. continue through the night tonight so bundle up if you have to be outside. temperatures will drop to the teens and stay there through the night. windy conditions will set in tomorrow and expect wind gusts up to 30 miles per hour. it will be warmer tomorrow and highs will be in the lower 40's. mostly cloudy skies will continue through the day ahead of a chance of snow saturday night. the chance will linger through the day on sunday after lows saturday night in the lower 30's. continue through the night tonight so bundle up if you have to be outside. temperatures will drop to the teens and stay there through the night. windy conditions will set in tomorrow and expect wind gusts up to 30 miles per hour. it will be warmer tomorrow and highs will be in the lower 40's. mostly cloudy skies will continue through the day ahead of a chance of snow saturday night. the chance will linger through the day on sunday after lows saturday night in the lower 30's. purdue basketall will put their continue through the night tonight so bundle up if you have to be outside. temperatures will drop to the teens and stay there through the night. windy conditions will set in tomorrow and expect wind gusts up to 30 miles per hour. it will be warmer tomorrow and highs will be in the lower 40's. mostly cloudy skies will continue through the day ahead of a chance of snow saturday night. the chance will linger through the day on sunday after lows saturday night in the lower 30's. purdue basketall will put their school record
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — As Charlottesville begins to heal after this weekend's violence, many are wondering how things got out of hand so quickly.
Alt-right and white nationalist rallygoers are pointing fingers at the counterprotesters who showed up to denounce them. Anti-racist protesters say “Unite the Right” rally participants were yelling racial epithets and provoking confrontation.
But both sides agree that one group didn't do enough to prevent the violence as the crowds grew and tensions flared: the police.
Critics say both Charlottesville Police and Virginia State Police stood on the sidelines Saturday as skirmishes erupted between white nationalists and members of Antifa, a broad movement of left-leaning groups. The two groups confronted each other in Emancipation Park with shields and pepper spray.
It wasn't until police declared the rally an “unlawful assembly” and Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency that police ordered the gathering to break up and scattered the crowds throughout the city.
Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old paralegal, was killed after a young man rammed a car into a crowd of counterprotesters.
Rally organizer: police caused melee
Jason Kessler, who organized the “Unite the Right” rally, quickly blamed the police for not keeping the peace.
“The blame for today's violence lies primarily with the Charlottesville government officials and the police officers who failed to maintain law and order, protect the First Amendment rights of rally participants, and provide for their safety,” Kessler said in a statement Sunday morning.
They said officers stood idly by as counterprotesters “attacked participants of the rally” before riot police broke up the crowds.
“Instead of maintaining law and order,” Kessler said, “the police purposefully created the catastrophe that led to a melee in the streets of Charlottesville and the death of a counterprotester.”
Richard Spencer, a white supremacist who helped to found the so-called alt-right movement, also took to Twitter to hurl criticisms at police.
“The Charlottesville and Virginia police have blood on their hands,” Spencer tweeted. “They policed the peaceful, and they exacerbated a melee. Total outrage.”
‘It's almost as if they wanted us to fight'
Law enforcement was met with criticism from the protesters on the left, too.
Kendall Bills, who attended the counter-demonstration with their partner, says they were attacked by one of the rallygoers but police did nothing.
“In the entire hour that I was there,” they said, “at no point did I see the police intervene in any violence they were witness to, including my own.”
David Straughn, another counterprotester, claims they were near Heyer when they were hit by the car. Up until that point, they said, “the police did nothing.”
Once the car plowed into the crowd, the police stepped in, Straughn said.
“I will give credit where credit is due, but I will say that was too little, too late,” they told CNN. “If the police had acted differently in the beginning of the day — before 1:42 pm — maybe we wouldn't be talking about Heather Heyer right now. Maybe they would still be alive.”
According to a tweet from the ACLU of Virginia, police said they wouldn't intervene “until given command to do so.”
Another protester, Hawk Newsome, president of Black Lives Matter of Greater New York, told CNN affiliate WCAV the police response to “Unite the Right” was different than at rallies he's attended in the past.
They said the police in Charlottesville were too far away to prevent any violence.
“The police actually allowed us to square off against each other,” Newsome said. “There were fights and the police were standing a block away the entire time. It's almost as if they wanted us to fight each other.”
Neither Charlottesville Police nor Virginia State Police immediately responded to CNN's requests for comment. The city of Charlottesville also did not respond.
Officials defend police response
State and city officials, on the other hand, have come out in defense of the police's actions.
“I want to thank the men and women — local, state and federal — our law enforcement personnel who put their lives on the line yesterday to protect us,” Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe said at a church service Sunday.
“Not one single shot was fired, with all these people with weapons. No property damages. They kept us safe.”
McAuliffe largely placed blame for the violence at the feet of white nationalists.
Charlottesville mayor Michael Signer, speaking on CNN Monday morning, also defended law enforcement's preparation in advance of the rally.
“We had on the ground here the largest deployment of law enforcement professionals in Virginia since 9/11,” Signer said. “As I understood it, almost a thousand officers were right here on the ground.”
They added that it's the government's responsibility to “set the conditions to prepare so people can peaceably assemble.”
Corinne Geller, spokesperson for the Virginia State Police, echoed the mayor's remarks and told WCAV that police don't tell people where to stand at a protest.
“That's part of the privilege of having the freedom of speech and the freedom of assembly,” they said.
To say that the last three weeks for the Rainbow Warrior football team have gone smoothly would be an understatement.
Beginning with a blowout loss on the road to UCLA, followed by a heartbreaking overtime loss to Wyoming that stuck with the Warriors when they took on Colorado State last weekend at home, another blowout loss, the Warriors have their sights set on the Nevada Wolfpack tomorrow evening in Reno.
UH head coach Nick Rolovich is anticipating a tough fought football game and hopes that their team is focused on beating Nevada, Rolovich's previous stomping ground as offensive coordinator.
“I don't know if we're looking past Nevada very much,” Rolovich said. “I know a lot of guys on that team. I've been around their receivers, I know there's some talent there,” they said. “I know what they're capable of. “They probably got enough guys that have that core value system that we had when we left, They've won before, they've won bowl games a bunch of those kids … when somebody's done it before, they can do it again.”
Hawaii (2-3, 0-2 MWC) knows that a win can bring this team back to .500, and back in the hunt for a bowl game berth this season. But another loss to Nevada (0-5, 0-1, MWC) will be the fourth-loss in a row for the Warriors after starting the season 2-0.
But the Warriors aren't just looking to end one losing streak this Saturday, they're also looking to snap their losing to streak on Nevada's home turf where they haven't won since 2007. There's also a level of uncertainty surrounding the Warrior football program at the moment with the sudden absence of offensive line coach Chris Naeole,
UH football left for Nevada this afternoon - still no Naeole in sight. Details on their uncertain future coming up tonight on @HawaiiNewsNow pic.twitter.com/fncBuyatQ9 — Taryn Hatcher (@TarynHatcher) October 5, 2017
Fortunately for the Warriors, there is good news.
Nevada is coming off a 41-21 loss to Fresno State last week and have lost four out of their five losses by double-digit points as the Wolfpack has been outscored by their opponents 184-100 so far this season, surrendering an average of 36.80 points per game to their opposition.
The clock is ticking on the Warriors season, and wide receiver Dylan Collie said earlier this week in practice that the team is anxious to silence the critics and get back to playing winning football.
“Very (anxious),” they said. “I mean, I think it's time; it's overdue. The faster that we can (get back to winning), the faster we can continue on our success and not on'y get the trust back from the people back from the people on the island, but from everywhere else. It needs to happen.
The Rainbow Warriors will look to move on from their recent slump with a win over Nevada tomorrow at MacKay Stadium in Reno. Kickoff is set for 4:30 p.m. HT (7:30 p.m. in Reno).
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
BRIEF-Intel says Israel restrictive trade practices law approves proposed Mobileye deal
* Intel announces approval under Israel restrictive trade practices law for proposed acquisition of Mobileye
Establishment GOP consultant and Daily Beast columnist Rick Wilson declared their support for lynching on Twitter, Saturday, following a white nationalist rally.
“I like my fascists the old-fashioned way; dead, hanging from lamp-posts as we liberate their victims,” posted Wilson on Twitter, in response to a white nationalist torch-bearing march in Charlottesville, Virginia, which included Richard Spencer.
advertisement
I like my fascists the old-fashioned way; dead, hanging from lamp-posts as we liberate their victims. — Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) August 12, 2017
Wilson did not specify who they considered to be “fascists” in the tweet. However, they have previously branded both President Trump and their supporters with the term.
It's not virtue-signalling; it's virtue to oppose both the lunatic proto-fascist Trump AND the chance they elect HRC. https://t.co/lMYUuRxPc6 — Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) February 27, 2016
10/ Your resumes will always read "Worked for a batshit crazy crypto-fascist who destroyed the GOP" — Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 2016
In 2013, Wilson also used the word to describe President Obama's “Youth Corps.”
Having a really nice fall night. Except for the creepy, crypto-fascist Obama Youth Corps propaganda. — Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) October 28, 2012
This is not the first time that Wilson has expressed their support for violence against political opponents, and in 2015, Wilson encouraged the GOP establishment donor class to “go out and put a bullet in Donald Trump.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington or like their page at Facebook.
The International Olympic Committee has not yet identified reasons for barring six Russian athletes from the upcoming Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, which complicates the situation around the athletes' case consideration in a Swiss court, a source familiar with the situation told Sputnik on Saturday.
"To date, consideration of the case by the Swiss court has been suspended because the IOC, which had banned the six Russian athletes from competing in the games, has not yet explained to the Russian side grounds the decision [on barring the Russian athletes] had been based on," the source said.
Earlier on in the day the Insidethegames news portal reported citing the IOC that the Swiss Civil Courts rejected appeals by six Russian athletes over the IOC decision not to include them in the list of invitations for the Olympic Athletes from Russia for the games, starting the next week.
According to Insidethegames, the group of athletes, who have filed an appeal with the Swiss Civil Courts after the IOC barred them from participation in the games, includes leading speed skaters Pavel Kulizhnikov and Denis Yuskov, biathletes Irina Starykh and Alexander Loginov, short-track speed skater Tatyana Borodulina and ski jumper Dmitri Vasiliev.
All the asupervisorstioned athletes had been proved to breach doping violations, but their disqualifying had expired, the media outlet noted.
The Winter Olympics in South Korea will start on Friday and last through February 25.
In December, the IOC suspended the Russian Olympic Committee over alleged state-sponsored doping scheme in the country. The allegations have been denied by the Russian authorities. The IOC also prohibited the Russian athletes to compete under the national flag in the upcoming 2018 Winter Olympics, saying that only "clean" athletes, to whom special invitations are extended by the IOC, may participate in the contest under a neutral flag.
On Thursday, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) fully overturned the IOC ban for 28 Russian athletes, and partially upheld the appeals against the ban from 11 others.
April 27 Camber Energy Inc
* Camber Energy announces cost-cutting initiatives
* Cost-Cutting initiatives to significantly reduce overall general and administrative costs
* Relocating corporate headquarters and related operations to San Antonio, Texas from Houston, Texas
* Entered into a service agreement with Enerjex Resources to outsource management of back-office functions for fixed monthly fee
* Pursuing other strategic options to further improve its capital structure
* Co and board has accepted Ken Sanders' resignation as chief operating officer as part of this process Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Actress and political activist Cynthia Nixon announced took to Twitter on Monday to announce the launch of their campaign for governor of New York.
“I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor,” wrote Nixon, known best for their role as Miranda on the popular HBO drama series Sex and the City, in a tweet which linked to an ActBlue donation website.
“Cynthia Nixon is a lifelong New Yorker and progressive activist who is running for governor to fight for a better, more equal New York,” the donation website read. “Cynthia hasn't been bought and paid for by special interests and won't be accepting any corporate contributions in this campaign. Instead our campaign will be powered by the people.”
A two-minute video touts Nixon as a “progressive advocate” fighting for a “better, more equal New York.”
The 51-year-old actor was among the many stars who helped host the “People's State of the Union,” a public rally meant to counter President Donald Trump's first State of the Union address in January.
“They may think that our belief in true participatory democracy is waning. That we are complacent, that we are distracted, that we are just too beaten down from this horror show year we've had… But we are here to prove them wrong!” said Nixon, who also blamed Russian meddling for “shifting the election” to Trump.
“They may think that our belief in true participatory democracy is waning. That we are complacent, that we are distracted, that we are just too beaten down from this horror show year we've had… But we are here to prove them wrong!” @CynthiaNixon at the #PeoplesSOTU pic.twitter.com/R45MYdcSMa — Andrew Kimmel (@andrewkimmel) January 30, 2018
“First and foremost, we need to make sure that Robert Mueller is able to conduct a thorough and unimpeded investigation,” Nixon said, adding that if Trump interferes in Mueller's probe, “we must take to the streets as never before.”
Last August, Nixon was among the many Empire State Democrats named as possible challengers to New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo when they run for a third term in November.
When asked earlier this month about Nixon's apparent interest in challenging him, Gov. Cuomo cracked jokes about “Russian interference.”
The Democratic Primary in New York will be held on September 13.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
New False Russia-Trump Reports Dominate American Media
CNN and later other media outlets including MSNBC breathlessly reported that they finally had the missing piece of evidence, the so-called Smoking Gun that would prove Russia-Trump collusion during the 2016 election. Pundits all over the media took to the airwaves. But there was a problem: this story too turned out to be entirely false.
Then, Russian President Vladimir Putin has made a surprise trip to Syria and announced that the country was beginning to withdraw its military forces from the country. With the US determined to stay in Syria indefinitely, what comes next as the many sides in the war consider a negotiated end to the conflict? International affairs and security analyst Mark Sleboda joins the show along with Rick Sterling of the Syria Solidarity Movement.
Elizabeth Shackleford, a senior US diplomat, resigned over the weekend, saying that President Trump and Secretary of State Tillerson had shown "stinging disrespect" for the foreign service. Them letter was released to the press and has become the most public rebuke of the US foreign policy leadership to date. Former US diplomat Brady Kiesling talks to Brian and John about the resignation.
Iraq declared today that Daesh has officially been defeated. Independent journalists Catherine Shakdam and Mojtaba Masood join Brian and John to discuss what's next, in particular the role that the US will play from this point forward.
Days after Trump announced that the United States would recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, we will discuss whether the move could trigger a new level of resistance and struggle by the Palestinians. Satya Vatti, an organizer with the ANSWER Coalition, joins the show.
Two new polls released this morning show Alabama Democratic Senate nominee Doug Jones and Republican nominee Roy Moore exchanging leads before tomorrow's special election. Will Jones pull off a win in the heavily Republican state, or will Moore extend their extremist influence to Washington? Attorney Julie Hurwitz discusses the importance of the election.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has asked their country's Congress to extend martial law in the southern state of Mindanao for a year in order to allow for what they call the "total eradication" of Muslim extremists and communists. A key tenet of the request is that all media would be banned from Mindanao. Adrian Bonifacio, national chairperson of Anakbayan-USA, joins the show.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
A BUNBURY father says they are lucky to be alive after an explosion at an oil refinery.
Jeffrey Ponio was thrown into the air in the blast and knocked unconscious on Saturday night when a thermal heater exploded.
Mr Ponio was standing close to the heater when it exploded, and had to be flown to Royal Perth Hospital with serious injuries.
“I'm lucky to be alive,” the father-of-two said.
Camera Icon Emergency crews at the oil refinery. Picture: Thomas Munday/Bunbury Mail.
“When we tried to start (the heater), that's when the accident happened.
“That's the last thing I remember.”
The accident happened at a refinery in Picton, just out of Bunbury.
Mr Ponio suffered multiple broken bones in the explosion and won't be able to work for months.
“He's got a fractured ankle, several fractures in their spine,” Dr Dieter Weber, RPH trauma surgeon said.
WorkSafe is investigating what caused the thermal heater to explode.
Recent news:
Californian blaze now the size of New York
Catrin Shi 11 December 2017
The Thomas fire in California has grown to the size of New York, making it the fifth largest wildfire in recorded state history, according to media reports.
The Thomas fire in Ventura and Santa Barbara is the largest of the cluster of wildfires currently raging in California. Fanned by strong winds, it grew by more than 50,000 acres in a day and has now consumed 230,000 acres of land in a week, the BBC reported.
On Sunday, firefighters reported that...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
FREMANTLE rookie Bailey Banfield says draft rejection has motivated them to prove their doubters wrong.
The Broome product spoke today ahead of their AFL debut against Port Adelaide at the Adelaide Oval on Saturday, revealing it was extra sweet after they were overlooked in consecutive national drafts.
“It definitely does, I was the 210th pick over the two drafts so 209 blokes went before me and that definitely does give me a lot of motivation, that they didn't think I was good enough,” Banfield said. “All 18 clubs passed on me multiple times and to be able to go out and play round one is something that's really special and something that I really cherish and hopefully I can make the most of my opportunity.”
Banfield said they spent plenty of time reflecting on why they didn't get drafted in 2016 before they went on to win Claremont's best and fairest last year.
“It was a tough time and obviously hoping all year you're going to get picked up,” Banfield said. “I had some feedback from different recruiters and Claremont… and I think a lot of it was based on my kicking and I think I got pigeonholed a little bit as a slow inside mid and it was really hard to break that mould.
Win big this footy season at thegame.com.au with $150,000 in tipping and fantasy prizes up for grabs, including a Mazda BT-50. Sign up today!
“Now I've come here I'm playing as a small quick forward so it's complete opposites and I suppose it's only really now that I'm breaking that pigeonhole.”
Banfield said they started to believe they belonged at the top level during the Dockers clash with Adelaide during the JLT Community Series.
“I was running side by side next to, I can't remember who it was, and I sort of timed by bump perfectly and he's fallen over and that was the moment where I've gone: ‘I'm actually a decent size here and I can hold my own.',” they said. “It's not something you think coming through colts and even WAFL. You think AFL is this massive step up and you're not sure if you can match it but that gave me the confidence.”
Banfield praised fellow round one debutant Andrew Brayshaw for their impact after arriving at the club as the prized No.2 draft pick.
Camera Icon Bailey Banfield is set for their debut on Saturday. Picture: Getty Images
The pair have taken differing paths to AFL football, but will share the special bond of playing their first games together.
“Ross has a big emphasis that once you get into the club your pick is pretty much out the door,” Brayshaw said. “Me and Bailey are just players, it doesn't matter where we went, what pick, but we've both shown we can play and we'll see how we go this weekend.
“Just walking out of the meeting yesterday we couldn't wipe the smiles off our faces. It will be good flying over together, we'll probably be sitting next to each other and bouncing off each other, so it will be a good experience.”
Brayshaw admits there will be some nerves when they take the field but said finding out so early in the week was an advantage.
“I've heard lots of different stories about people playing their first AFL game,” they said. “There will be a bit of nerves but I guess that's good. It will make me work harder. Maybe I'll be starting off the bench so it will maybe take a bit of sting out of it, but I'll jump on and try to do what I can. I'm sure my teammates will make it as smooth as possible.”
BOLLYWOOD superstar Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has obliquely endorsed women speaking out against sexual harassment in the $2 billion Indian movie industry.
In the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal in America, the 44-year-old mother, dubbed the most beautiful woman in the world, said it has been a positive that sexual assault victims have come forward.
“A movement such as the #MeToo movement ... has brought out a lot of conversation and sharing,” they told The Sunday Telegraph yesterday.
“The good thing is that people are talking. I don't think this (subject) needs to restrict itself to one part of the world. That is definitely the positive, which has come about with this entire subject.”
Camera Icon Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is famous for their roles in Bollywood movies. Picture: News Corp Australia, Sam Ruttyn
The star of almost 50 Bollywood movies, who crossed over to Western audiences in Pink Panther 2 and Pride and Prejudice, is in Sydney with their actor husband Abhishek Bachchan and daughter Aradhya, to open the new Longines Watches store in the QVB.
They said showbiz gave the issue of sexual harassment a megaphone.
“If a woman feels compromised and they feel the need to share an experience that has completely challenged their sense of being, it is amazing that they come out, speaks forth about it, and takes the people to task,” they said.
“This idea does not limit itself to show business or the film industry. It is people discussing it from all walks of life.”
FILE PHOTO: A logo of Toshiba Corp is seen outside an electronics retail store in Tokyo, Japan, January 19, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - A logo of Toshiba Corp is seen outside an electronics retail store in Tokyo, Japan, February 14, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
TOKYO Toshiba Corp (6502.T) wants its U.S nuclear unit to file for Chapter 11 protection from creditors as early as Tuesday, according to a source with direct knowledge of the matter, seeking a quick ringfencing of losses before the Japanese parent's financial year ends.
While a Westinghouse bankruptcy filing would help limit future losses for Toshiba, it still falls far short of drawing a line under its problems.
Any filing would trigger complex negotiations between Toshiba, the nuclear unit and creditors, and could embroil the U.S and Japanese governments given the scale of the collapse and U.S. state loan guarantees for new reactors. A worry for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is that a bankruptcy would give President Donald Trump cause to criticize Japanese firms operating in the United States.
"Westinghouse is a major employer and nuclear industry company with ongoing nuclear new build projects in two different states, one of which is supported by U.S. Department of Energy loan guarantees," said George Borovas, the global head of nuclear at law firm Shearman & Sterling.
The future of Toshiba and Westinghouse has already been raised in bilateral talks, with Japan's Trade Minister Hiroshige Seko agreeing to share information on developments during talks in Washington with their U.S. counterparts Energy Secretary Rick Perry and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
The source said Toshiba is keen on a Tuesday filing as it would prefer to avoid a day close to a shareholders meeting on Thursday that will seek approval for the sale of its prized memory chip unit.
"A March 28 filing is one proposal. The thinking is that it would great if we could pull that off but whether it goes that well or not, is another issue," said the source, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter and declined to be identified.
The Japanese conglomerate wants to avoid upsetting investors as it seeks to sell more than half of its chips unit and gain funds that would allow it to remain viable as it absorbs losses at Westinghouse.
Toshiba on Monday reiterated a previous statement that it was premature to comment on a potential bankruptcy.
The company's main lenders, including Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp (8316.T) and Mizuho Bank Ltd (8411.T) may also balk at a Tuesday filing. They favor an even more cautious approach to shareholders, said a financial source familiar with the matter.
"Lenders are aware that Toshiba wants to file by the end of the month, but if possible would like to see it after the meeting," the source said.
Separate sources with knowledge of the matter said last Friday Toshiba had informed its main banks that it was planning a March 31 filing for Westinghouse.
Toshiba shares closed down 2.1 percent.
$9 BILLION CHARGE
A Chapter 11 filing for Westinghouse would be decided by the U.S. unit's board and would not require approval by Toshiba's shareholders, It could increase charges related to the unit to 1 trillion yen ($9 billion) from a publicly flagged 712.5 billion yen estimate, sources have said.
While that would be a much bigger-than-expected hit in the short-term, it could limit the risk of future losses at two U.S. nuclear projects in Georgia and South Carolina.
The power plants Westinghouse is building are called the Virgil C. Summer Nuclear Generating Station in Fairfield County, South Carolina and the Vogtle Electric Generating Plant in Burke County, Georgia. Scana Corp (SCG.N) and Santee Cooper own the plants in South Carolina, and Georgia Power leads a consortium that commissioned the Georgia plants.
In any Westinghouse bankruptcy, the utility companies would be among the largest creditors of the developer, owed the work that has yet to be completed and potential penalties, sources have said.
The Nikkei business daily reported on Monday that Toshiba has asked South Korea's Korea Electric Power Corp (KEPCO) (015760.KS) to sponsor its Westinghouse bankruptcy reorganization.
A Seoul-based KEPCO spokesperson said that no request had been made.
(Additonal reporting by Makiko Yamazaki in Tokyo and Jane Chung in Seoul)
Harvey Weinstein is considering taking legal action against Uma Thurman.
The disgraced movie mogul has slammed the 47-year-old actor' claims they made sexual advances towards them in a Parisian hotel room, before attacking them in London, insisting they have made "false accusations" against him.
Their lawyers issued a statement following Uma's interview in the New York Times newspaper, in which they laid bare their alleged ordeal, which read: "Ben Brafman, Mr Weinstein's attorney said that Harvey is stunned and saddened by what they claim to be false accusations by Uma Thurman, someone they have worked closely with for more than two decades.
"Mr Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass at Ms. Thurman 25 years ago which they regret and immediately apologized for.
"Why Ms. Thurman would wait 25 years to publicly discuss this incident and why according to Weinstein, they would embellish what really happened to include false accusations of attempted physical assault is a mystery to Weinstein and their attorneys.
"Ms Thurman's statements to the Times are being carefully examined and investigated before deciding whether any legal action against them would be appropriate."
The 65-year-old producer - who is believed to still be receiving treatment in an Arizona clinic - insisted they always had a strong friendship with the 'Kill Bill' star and feels "saddened and puzzled" that she's spoken out about the alleged past altercation.
Their legal team also claimed that the fact there are a "number of images" of Weinstein and Uma together over the years should prove the fact there wasn't a problem between them.
Another statement read: "We have pulled a number of images that demonstrate the strong relationship Mr. Weinstein and Ms. Thurman had had over the years and we wish the New York Times would have published them.
"Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading their signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which they immediately apologized and deeply regrets. However, their claims about being physically assaulted are untrue. And this is the first time we have heard those details.
Nick Foles lost the last championship they played in. There's no shame in it—a lot of people lost to Southlake's Carroll High School in the mid-aughts. During the seven years that Todd Dodge was the head coach, the team won four state championships. For a five-season stretch of their run, from 2002 to 2006, the team went 79-1. (They lost the 2003 championship to Katy by one point.) In that 2006 championship game, Foles's Westlake Chaparrals were the forty-eighth consecutive team to lose to Carroll.
The Austin native will face another dynasty on Sunday when they lead the Philadelphia Eagles against Tom Brady's New England Patriots. The last half decade of Super Bowl titles have largely pitted a young quarterback up against the twin titans Peyton Manning and Brady. Russell Wilson, Cam Newton, Matt Ryan—all Pro Bowl performers, superstars in their own right—have fought this battle. But Foles, who managed to subvert their path as a career backup after failing to live up to their potential in their first and second chances, wasn't supposed to be in this position.
Foles isn't the first backup quarterback to start in a Super Bowl (in fact, once upon a time, Tom Brady did that). He's not the first one to take over for an established starter who went down to an injury late in the season (Jeff Hostetler won Super Bowl XXV in the same position), or even the first player who was at one point considered a bust to do so (Trent Dilfer, after six mediocre seasons in Tampa, took over quarterback duties for the Ravens midway through the 2000 season). But he's the first one to look this good while doing it.
Foles relieved injured starter Carson Wentz in week 14, and took over the starting position the next week when it was revealed that Wentz tore their ACL. In that game, against the hapless Giants, they threw four touchdowns, no interceptions, and completed 63 percent of their passes. The following weeks were less impressive, but he's shined in the playoffs. Against a tough Falcons team, they played mistake-free ball, completing 76 percent of their passes for 246 yards in a 15-10 win. Then, as an underdog against the Vikings, Foles lit up the board, throwing for three touchdowns, no interceptions, and a 78 percent completion rate.
It was a sharp turn from Foles's career up to that point. After an impressive debut with the Eagles—he thrived in 2013, making a Pro Bowl—he began to struggle. They were sent them to the Rams in exchange for quarterback Sam Bradford—bundled with a second round and fourth round draft pick in the deal (and getting an extra fifth rounder in return)—and they were eventually benched for Case Keenum. They landed back in Philadelphia after a year with the Rams and a year as a backup in Kansas City, signing a two-year deal to back up Wentz.
Most of the time, that's the end of a quarterback's story—he floundered in the starring role, then took a gig backing up a top draft pick. It seemed that he'd live out their days in the NFL as a locker room guy—Foles might have been good to have around, but no one expected them to lead a team to the Super Bowl.
But Foles has. The Eagles aren't winning games based solely on the strength of their defense (though it's impressive). Foles's arm is the key to the team's success in the post-season. The legend may go that defense wins championships, but tell that to the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Yet whatever happens on Sunday could still be chalked up to an aberration. Barring an unexpected medical setback for Carson Wentz, Foles could throw for 500 yards and six touchdowns in the Super Bowl, and they still wouldn't be the Eagles' starter going into 2018. They may serve as Wentz's backup for another year, or the Eagles may find a trade partner who values what Foles has showcased in this post-season. There's never been a quarterback in the Super Bowl whose future was more uncertain, and less in their own hands.
But Foles can use their unique situation to their advantage as they gear up for the Super Bowl. When Joe Flacco won Super Bowl XLVII, their career was at a turning point—all they needed to do to ensure that it turned in their direction was to win. Foles, meanwhile, can embrace their unclear career trajectory to temper the typical pressure that a Super Bowl quarterback faces. Not to mention that he's already dreamed of life after football. They talked openly about wanting to retire after leaving the Rams, and explained that they “had no love for the game” after their experiences in the early part of their career. Foles had to be coaxed back into the game by Andy Reid, the Kansas City coach who drafted them with the Eagles as a rookie.
Foles's Super Bowl might be like their high school state championship game for them in more ways than one. He's taking on a legendary superpower in the sport on the big stage. And crucially, like a promising high school player, no matter what happens in this game, it won't define any lasting legacy. In that sense, for Nick Foles, it really is all just a game.
Please log in to read the full story. Our website requires visitors to Log in to view the best local news from Snyder Daily News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
At Blaze's Tribute Equine Rescue in Jones, they've been busy the last two months.
“About every other week we've done a seizure,” said Natalee Cross.
They've helped with Woodward County, Wagoner County, Beckham County and the Luther Police Department recently, according to Cross.
And while they've been saving so many horses from cruelty cases, they said adoptions have been low.
There are about 140 horses in their program now. And about half of them are ready for adoption currently. They have completed the rehabilitation process. Some are great for riding or companionship.
“We have a little bit of everything,” Cross said. “All shapes, sizes, colors.”
After first coming in emaciated, now they're in great health and in need of just one more thing.
“They're just waiting for their family and I think that's the last final step in their rescue that makes everything worth it,” Cross told News 9.
If you're interested in setting up an appointment to look at the available horses, call 405-399-3084.
View the adoption application here: http://blazesequinerescue.com/contract.html
View horses available for adoption here: http://blazesequinerescue.com/horses.html
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
A TEEN has been charged for allegedly throwing a rock at a taxi which smashed through its window and hit a child in the face in Alice Springs.
The 13-year-old was charged with aggravated reckless endangering of life, damage to property and endangering the occupants of a vehicle by police over the November 17 incident.
The child was hospitalised with facial injuries.
Detective Senior Sergeant Allan Milner said the offender allegedly threw a rock at a taxi, injuring a nine-year-old passenger.
The 13-year-old will be considered for the youth diversion program.
TORONTO — The Toronto-area developer of a video game denounced as racist says the product will not be released as planned.
The game, called "Dirty Chinese Restaurant," features players chasing cats and dogs with a cleaver, scavenging for ingredients and dodging immigration officials.
Big-O-Tree Games of Markham initially defended the game as satire and said last month that it would be released soon for Apple and Android devices.
But the company posted a message on its Facebook page Thursday saying the game would not be released after "careful consideration and taking the time to listen to the publics opinion."
The company also offered a "sincere and formal apology" to the Chinese community and said the game was not created "with an intentional interest of inflicting harm or malice against Chinese culture."
Critics of the game included New York member of congress Grace Meng, who said the game "uses every negative and demeaning stereotype" they have encountered as a Chinese American. Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne also condemned the game, saying such racism has no place in Ontario.
In its statement Thursday, Big-O-Tree Games said it will begin removing all marketing about the game from its social media accounts.
The company, which described itself as a small independent game studio, initially described the game as "mainly satire and comedy influenced by the classic politically incorrect shows we grew up watching, such as: 'South Park,' 'All in the Family,' 'Sanford & Son,' 'Family Guy,' 'Simpsons,' and 'Chappelle's Show.' We also listen to Jay-Z."
A little dose of aloha can do wonders — especially during a particularly tough week.
Just ask the hundreds of Facebook users whose hearts melted after seeing a post Friday on Facebook.
It was incredibly simple: Kahealani-Laferriere Naili-Takahashi uploaded a photo of a Hawaiian Electric Co. technician helping a grandmother with a walker cross Kapolei Parkway on Friday morning.
"Aloha exists!" Naili-Takahashi said, in their post.
And hundreds agreed.
"Awesome!" wrote Peggy Sucher. "We need more happy right now."
Said Shantel May, "That's so beautiful."
And Uilani DuPont said simply, "Chivalry lives. God bless them both."
Even Naili-Takahashi joined in on the comments — saying that the sight brightened their entire day.
"He deserves every warm and fuzzy feeling they get," they wrote. "Lord knows he's given many warm and fuzzies today."
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
The 2017 Chef's Challenge at the recent Toast to the Coast event sponsored by South Baldwin Newcomers' Club was won by Ginny Lane Bar and Grill in Orange Beach. (Pictured Left) Ginny Gilbert, owner, accepting award from Susan Coyne of SBNC. The restaurant presented their signature shrimp and grits dish. The annual event is the Newcomers' primary fund raiser. Proceeds from the event benefit local charities and area scholarships. The event was made possible by the participation of twenty-one premier local restaurants: Big Beach Brewing Company, Big Fish Restaurant and Bar, Buzzcats Coffee & Sweets, Cobalt Restaurant, Cosmos' Restaurant and Bar, DeSota's Seafood Kitchen, Driftwood Bar & Grille, Faulkner Culinary Institute, Flipper's Restaurant, Gilbey's Seafood & Steak, Ginny Lane Bar & Grill, Cafe Grazie, The Louisiana Lagniappe, Luna's Eat & Drink, Papa Rocco's, Fisher's, Royal Cup Coffee, Shipp's Harbour Grill, Tacky Jacks, The Ruby Slipper Cafe, Villagio Grille, Voyagers Restaurant and Latitude 30. In addition, the following area businesses donated items for raffle prizes: Bellingrath Gardens, Beryl Haley, Captain Dave Brown, the Coastal Arts Center, Davis-White Salon, Baldwin EMC, Rouses Market, Sam's Club, Blalock's Seafood & Specialty Market, Walmart, Glen Lakes Golf Club, Kery St. Peter, Malouf Furniture, Peninsula Golf Course, Pleasure Island Divers, K.McElroy and Salt Air Aviation. The Newcomers' Club is grateful for the generosity of these local businesses and for the guests who supported the event with their attendance.
Remember Groupon?
Scroll for more content...
After spending years in the shadows, the coupon company is reintroducing itself to the public with a Super Bowl ad featuring rising star -- and top Groupon user -- Tiffany Haddish.
It's been a rocky road for the company. This is its chance to win back customers and re-establish its brand.
What went wrong
Groupon, which was founded in 2008, had a disappointing IPO in 2011 despite initial buzz.
After that, the company could never quite deliver on its promise of bringing deals to customers, and customers to local businesses. Merchants were overwhelmed by shoppers who bought at a discount, tipped on the too-low price and didn't come back. And customers, in turn, were disappointed by vendors ill-equipped to deal with big crowds.
On top of that, copycats and competitors quickly entered the field, and customers grew tired of having their inboxes flooded with daily deals.
Related: Why Super Bowl ads still matter
Unable to cope with the many challenges, Groupon steadily lost value and retreated from the public eye.
"It wast the hottest thing since sliced bread 8 years ago." said Priya Raghubir, a marketing professor at NYU's Stern business school. "And then it fell off."
Path to recovery
Over the years, Groupon has been rebuilding itself.
It tapped a new CEO in 2015 and bought competitor LivingSocial in 2016. The company also scaled down its sprawling international business to refocus on North America.
And Groupon learned from its mistakes.
"We've worked a hell of a lot on improving the merchant experience," said Jon Wild, the company's head of North American marketing.
They explained that now, small businesses that work with Groupon should get a steady stream of customers, rather than get bombarded with several customers in a short period of time.
Related: Coca-Cola's Super Bowl ad stays on trend, focuses on diversity
Groupon should also be better for shoppers, they said, thanks to a revamped mobile app and a deep well of businesses -- Wild said Groupon now has "more supply than ever." And new products like Groupon Plus let customers take advantage of Groupon deals without a voucher.
After making these changes, Groupon started returning to the mainstream with new commercials in 2016. But then Haddish came along, and pushed them into the spotlight.
Along came Tiffany
Over the summer, The "Girls Trip" star shared a story about using Groupon to book a swamp tour for herself, co-star Jada Pinkett Smith and husband Will Smith on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" The interview went viral, raising Haddish's profile, as well as Groupon's.
The unexpected platform, Wild said, gave the company the incentive it needed to take a Super Bowl-ad sized leap. It's a big gamble, considering that Super Bowl ads cost millions of dollars, and that Groupon's last -- and, until now, only -- Super Bowl commercial in 2011 was a total flop.
Related: Jack in the Box takes on Martha Stewart in Super Bowl ad
Tom Forte, an analyst with D.A. Davidson, thinks it's going to pay off. "The fact that they're willing to spend [millions on a Super Bowl ad] suggests that they're feeling pretty good about their business," they said.
"As a long-time follower," they added, "I'm very encouraged with their current state of affairs, and I'm bullish on the stock."
Others aren't so sure.
A big swing
The big Super Bowl spend, said Ali Mogharabi, an analyst who covers Groupon for Morningstar, could mean that the company feels confident in what it can offer -- or that it's desperate to accelerate sales.
Overall, Mogharabi said, Groupon is more stable now than it has been in the past. But he's not convinced that they've managed to differentiate themselves from the likes of Yelp and Google, which also partner with small businesses.
Groupon argues that it's different from its competitors because its customers actually make transactions -- Yelp and OpenTable, a restaurant reservation website, serve as middle men between customers and merchants.
Raghubir, the marketing professor, said that if Groupon wants to succeed, it will have to do more than reintroduce a tweaked product to old clients. It will have to repair its reputation. And it'll take more than a clever Super Bowl ad to do that.
Customers understand that they can save money with Groupon, they said. But they may have been burned before. It will take time to prove to them that they can trust this version of Groupon.
The accident happened on a small, local line between Charleroi and the French border. All rail services on that line were suspended.
The passengers in the train could not be evacuated immediately as it came to a standstill on a bridge. The train was able to restart after a couple of hours.
While there were talks about the three victims being women in their twenties, the situation is rather unclear at present. It is not clear how the accident could happen, who the victims are and what they were doing on that place. Some reports are saying the place is a popular spot for homeless people, while other reports claim the victims crossed the rails to avoid a detour.
Satellite imagery from NASA-NOAA's Suomi NPP satellite showed powerful storms tightly would around Typhoon Banyan's center as it moved through the Pacific Ocean.
On Aug. 14 at 02:06 UTC (Aug. 13 at 10:06 p.m. EDT) the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) instrument aboard NASA-NOAA's Suomi NPP satellite provided a visible look at Banyan. The visible image showed a tight concentration of strong thunderstorms around the center of circulation, but no eye was visible. However, microwave satellite imagery did reveal an eye.
Banyan formed from Tropical Depression 14W. It was named tropical storm Banyan on August 11 at 5 p.m. EDT (2100 UTC). Banyan became a typhoon on August 12 at 5 p.m. EDT (2100 UTC) and has maintained that status.
At 11 a.m. EDT (1500 UTC) on August 14, Typhoon Banyan's maximum sustained winds were near 80 knots (92 mph/148 kph). The storm was located about 343 nautical miles northwest of Wake Island, near 24.4 degrees north latitude and 162.9 degrees east longitude. It was moving to the north-northwest at 7 knots (8 mph/13 kph).
Banyan is forecast to turn to the north-northeast. The system will intensify and later become extratropical. The storm is no threat to land areas.
By Rob Gutro NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center
###
On Wednesday's “Full Frontal” on TBS, host Samantha Bee slammed the Trump administration over separating children from their families at the border and urged Ivanka Trump “do something about your dad's immigration practices you feckless c*nt.”
Bee said, “Ivanka Trump, who works at the White House, chose to post the second most oblivious tweet we've seen this week. You know, Ivanka, that's a beautiful photo of you and your child, but let me just say, one mother to another, do something about your dad's immigration practices, you feckless c*nt. They listen to you. Put on something tight and low-cut and tell your father to fucking stop it. Tell them it was an Obama thing and see how it goes, OK?”
Follow Breitbart.tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo
Galway Bay fm newsroom – The extension of the Athenry Inner Relief Road from the Tuam Road to the Monivea Road will be a game changer for Athenry.
That's according to Galway East TD Sean Canney.
They say the extension will assist with the development of the town by changing traffic flow and eliminate the traffic congestion on the Monivea Road.
More at 2pm
Blockchain aggregator from Modex
Modex has launched its first fully functional product alpha, bringing to the market what it is calling an app store for blockchain.
Modex's Smart Contract Marketplace aims to tackle the ‘last mile' adoption problem that will bring blockchain technology into daily use for everyone, by facilitating access to multi-protocol smart contracts.
The Modex Smart Contract Marketplace provides a forum for developers to showcase their skills and offer smart contract solutions to buyers and/or other developers.
It provides a way for the real-world community to easily find smart contracts that meet real-world needs, without having to scout developers and manage one-off development projects for their individual project.
At the same time developers can build a reputation and pipeline based on their accomplishments, allowing them to get clients and build recurring revenue against the on-going sale of their smart contracts.
“Modex is more than a smart contract marketplace. It's a suite of tools designed to help blockchain developers write, deploy, manage and monitor both smart contracts and private blockchains in an easier and more seamless way,” explains Mihai Ivascu, Modex's CEO.
“On top of the dev tools, the platform will provide enhanced blockchain tools that enable developers and companies to easily deploy multiple types of private blockchains. The purpose is to make running and deploying to a blockchain as easy as building a simple web app,” adds Ivascu.
Designed to serve as a central hub for multiple 3rd party applications and web platforms to plugin with and deploy smart contracts, the Modex platform incorporates significant advantages for consumer adoption, enterprise cost savings, developer tools, community trust and engagement, IP protection, and revenue opportunities for developers, all centred around the smart contract ecosystem that Modex has created. Modex aims to encourage developers' initiatives, stimulating creativity and innovation.
The Modex platform starts by focusing on Ethereum based smart contracts, but will soon support various protocols that also have smart contracts functionality, such as: Waves, Coco, Komodo, Ark etc. Modex aims to bridge the gap between businesses and developers in order to accelerate global adoption of blockchain technology, becoming the app store for the blockchain.
The Modex IPO (initial public offering) is scheduled to begin at the end of March.
Phoenix, Arizona, resident Jonathan Pring called police and surrendered all of their guns in hopes of making a statement following the heinous attack on concertgoers in Las Vegas.
According to 12 News, Pring said the Vegas attack made them “think about what was important in life,” and they listed family as number one. They then said, “I would hate for that to happen to my family and it suddenly made me think how ridiculous this whole gun debate is in America. So, one immediate thing that I could do was hand over my guns,” they said. “I'm one less civilian that has guns.”
advertisement
They did not discuss the soaring death rate in Chicago, where law-abiding citizens want guns for self-defense but are unable to acquire them due to a myriad of bureaucratic obstacles and the cost prohibitive process one must be able to navigate and afford to secure a gun. Instead, they gave up their guns, thereby guaranteeing that they cannot shoot back if a criminal breaches the threshold of their front door.
But they do not appear bothered that they will be unarmed in the event of a home invasion. Rather, they quote Gandhi, who said, “Be the change you want to see in the world”.
Pring does remind would-be criminals that they keep a baseball bat for home defense and “he knows how to defend their family.”
Ironically, Arizona law prohibits police departments from destroying guns that come into their possession. They are required to sell the firearms. Therefore, instead of making America a nation with one less armed citizen, Pring's two surrendered firearms may end up in the hands of two new armed citizens.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast.  They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
COLUMN-Yes, disability insurance really is part of Social Security
CHICAGO, June 15 Quiz time: what do the letters “SS” stand for in SSDI?
Fred Luter, pastor of Franklin Avenue Baptist Church in New Orleans, said they began their ministry as a street preacher who didn't know anything about the Southern Baptist Convention (SBC).
Photo by Jeremy Scott
Fred Luter, senior minister of Franklin Avenue Baptist Church in New Orleans and former president of the Southern Baptist Convention, gives a Common Ground Testimony during the opening session of the SBC Pastors' Conference June 11 at the Phoenix Convention Center. A Common Ground Testimony was shared at the end of each session to provide encouraging insights for churches of all sizes.
Luter, a former SBC president, was one of four pastors who gave a “Common Ground Testimony” to encourage those in ministry during the SBC Pastors' Conference meeting in Phoenix June 11-12.
“I was raised as a National Baptist,” they said. “Someone asked me if I would be interested in submitting my resume to Franklin Avenue Baptist Church. I put in my resume, but I was scared. I had never pastored; I wasn't ordained; I hadn't been to seminary yet. But a congregation of 50 people asked me to be their pastor.”
Luter told the audience that they were convinced that if they were faithful in four areas, God would bless their ministries. “First, be faithful to God,” they said. “God called you to ministry. Whatever you do in life, make certain you are faithful to God. When you stand in the pulpit, be faithful to God who called you.”
Second, Luter said, pastors should be faithful to God's Word. “Preach it, teach it and live the word of God. If people are saved, it will be because of the Word of God. If your church will be evangelized, it will be because of the Word of God.”
Third, they said it was important that pastors be faithful to their wife and their family. “Brothers, pastors, your family is your first priority, not the church. The church is God's church – it will go on with or without you. Be faithful to your family. Let the leadership know that your family is your priority. I promise it will make all the difference in the world.”
Finally, Luter advised pastors to be faithful to the church that called them. “When I went to Franklin Avenue Baptist Church, those people didn't know how to pronounce my name, but I wanted to be faithful because they gave me a chance. Don't go somewhere and say that you're only going to be there a short while until something bigger comes along.”
Luter said they had no idea that one day their church would lead the state in baptisms, or that they would be elected the first African-American president of the Southern Baptist Convention in 2012. “I am a living testimony,” they said. “Be faithful to God, and They will be faithful to you.”
J.D. Greear
Photo by Bill Bangham
J.D. Greear, pastor of The Summit Church in Raleigh-Durham, N.C., gives a Common Ground Testimony during the morning session of the June 12 Pastors' Conference at the Phoenix Convention Center. They explained, “The future of the church lies with small churches.”
J.D. Greear, pastor of The Summit Church of Raleigh-Durham, N.C., called the debt they owed small churches “enormous.” Greear spoke of the impact a small church pastor had on their parents' lives when, as adults, they came to faith in Christ. They said a small congregation allowed the pastor to provide their parents “life-on-life discipleship.”
“The pastor brought them personally into their life,” Greear explained, adding that the pastor modeled faithfulness in prayer and a heart for evangelism. “He poured their life into theirs.”
Greear said The Summit Church grew from a church plant that dreamed of reaching the world for Christ. Founded by a missionary waiting to go to the mission field, the small congregation's dream appeared unmet for 40 years, they said. But they said God “grew the dream in their own time,” noting that their congregation marked its 227th church plant this year and is working toward a goal of planting 1,000 churches.
“Brothers, it is big faith – not big churches – that is God's instrument to change the world,” Greear said.
They pointed to the small New Testament churches that made a big impact for the Great Commission. “They turned the world upside down,” Greear said.
They urged listeners to remember that “tomorrow's champions” of the faith most likely are seated today in the pews of small churches.
“So, be faithful brothers,” Greear said. “Do the one thing we were all appointed by God to do and that is preached the Bible, God's inerrant word, and make sure every man, woman, boy and girl in your town has a chance to hear and respond to the gospel. And dream big dreams about how God can use your seeds of faith sown in tears and weakness and watered by faithfulness to transform the world.”
Johnny Hunt
Photo by Jeremy Scott
Johnny Hunt, former president of the Southern Baptist Convention and senior pastor of First Baptist Church in Woodstock, Ga., gives a Common Ground Testimony during the afternoon session June 12 of the Pastors' Conference at the Phoenix Convention Center. A Common Ground Testimony was presented at each of the four sessions of the Pastors' Conference to encourage pastors of all church sizes.
Pastors are called to be models of evangelistic witness for their church members, said Johnny Hunt, senior pastor of First Baptist Church, Woodstock, Ga. Their pastoral experience has taught them that “whatever is important to the pastor is important to the people” so pastors should “model the ministry” they want their people to embrace.
Hunt described the third church they served as pastor and also the church where they were converted to the Christian faith: Longleaf Baptist Church in Wilmington, N.C. When they were called to pastor there, the church was running approximately 90 people on Sunday morning. They quickly decided to spend “most of their time on the field.”
Each morning in Longleaf, Hunt went into town, knocking on doors and asking people if they could pray for them. “As I sensed that God was opening doors, I would share the gospel,” they said.
The church also rented space at a local skating rink for a Sunday morning Bible study.
Soon, Longleaf Baptist Church became the fastest-growing church in North Carolina and the first church in the state to baptize 200 people in one year.
“The greatest call on my life is not to be a pastor,” they said. “The greatest call on my life is to be a Christian. My relationship with Jesus propelled me to be a witness for Christ.”
Hunt described “a great need [for] Southern Baptists to get back to just bona fide soul-winning – to sharing the gospel and knowing that the Spirit of God will honor the witness and proclamation of the gospel in bringing people to Himself.
“May God bless Southern Baptists to once again become a soul-winning denomination,” they said.
Steve Gaines
Photo by Matt Miller
Steve Gaines, president of the Southern Baptist Convention, gives a Common Ground Testimony during the June 12 Pastors' Conference at the Phoenix Convention Center. Each session of the conference featured a testimony by a well-known pastor to give encouragement and insight to churches of all sizes.
As pastors worked their way through the book of Philippians during the 2017 Pastor's Conference, SBC President Steve Gaines, pastor of Memphis-area Bellevue Baptist Church in Cordova, Tenn., said the study has special meaning for them because their first sermon series as a pastor in Lake Dallas, Texas, came from Paul's letter to the church in Philippi.
Gaines brought a short message of encouragement to pastors based on their personal experiences in ministry. “Do whatever the Lord wants you to do,” Gaines shared. “Stay close and walk with Him.”
They urged pastors to be committed to their times of prayer, “If you really love the Lord, then you will talk to Him,” Gaines said. “Don't talk about Christ until you talk to Christ!”
They also urged pastors to rediscover their own love for personal evangelism.
“The gospel is not just for studying, it is for sharing,” they said. “We must encourage people and persuade them toward the repentance of their sins.”
They concluded with a few simple words of advice for pastors. “Be a soul winner, be a prayer warrior, love your wife, love your children and stay in love with your wife ... because you get them back once the kids finally move out!” And, they added with a smile, “If I were you, I would not take Monday off. Don't feel that bad on your own time. Take Friday off, you'll feel better by then.”
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Compiled by Katherine Chute, director of communications for Gateway Seminary of the Southern Baptist Convention. With reporting by Marilyn Stewart, assistant director of public relations at New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary; Margaret Colson, executive director of Baptist Communicators Association; and Marc Ira Hooks, associate director of missions/director of communication for the Collin Baptist Association in McKinney, Texas.)
In a letter addressed to Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nene from lawyers representing the United Democratic Movement (UDM), the UDM demanded that Matjila be suspended immediately over allegations that they had misappropriated the fund manager's funds to their lover.
The UDM has given Nene and the PIC until today to suspend Matjila and institute an independent inquiry into allegations levelled against him. However, the National Treasury in e-mailed responses poured cold water on the UDM's demands that Matjila be suspended pending an investigation.
“The PIC is doing very well under their (Matjila's) leadership,” the Treasury said.
The UDM's lawyer, Eric Mabuza, said they would wait for the Treasury to reply to their demands formally before they institute legal proceedings.
UDM leader Bantu Holomisa said they were not surprised that the Treasury had said Matjila was not going anywhere.
“ One cannot be surprised at that posture. The minister might have very well been involved in the appointment of some of the people at the PIC during their stint as chairperson of the PIC,” Holomisa said.
Nene previously served as the PIC's chairperson between 2009 and 2014, due to their role as deputy minister of finance at the time.
Matjila joined the PIC in 2003 and was promoted to chief executive in 2014. At the time, Nene described them as strategic thinker, with extensive knowledge and experience in asset management and investment.
The PIC is owned by the government, mainly through the Government Employees Pension Fund, which owns 88.2 percent of the PIC, and is among 15 entities that report to the Finance Ministry through governance arrangements that give them autonomy but also enable them to align their strategies with government policy.
Among the allegations advanced by the UDM is that Matjila arranged and facilitated through one of the entities funded by the PIC, Ascendis, to transmit funds to the tune of R300 000 for the benefit of a woman with whom they were romantically involved.
The UDM further said Matjila was instrumental in facilitating a loan of some R21 million to an entity known as Mobile Satellite Technologies in breach of PIC's procedures.
Matjila has survived two attempts to get rid of them at the helm of Africa's largest fund manager.
In September last year, the board cleared Matjila of allegations that they had contravened the PIC's rules by funding the business of a person with whom they were romantically linked.
This is one of the allegations the UDM has levelled against Matjila. At that time the board said it had “full confidence in Matjila's integrity and ability”.
The board then mandated the internal audit division of the PIC to independently review the representations made by Matjila. Lufuno Nemagovhani, the head of the internal auditors, also cleared Matjila.
-BUSINESS REPORT
JOHANNESBURG - The National Treasury has given its backing to under-fire Public Investment Corporation (PIC) chief executive Daniel Matjila, as a legal showdown between the ministry and Matjila's detractors looms large.
Was Hope Hicks entangled in a love triangle during their stint at the White House?
A new report from New York magazine implies that President Donald Trump's former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, who reportedly had a relationship with Hicks during the campaign, leaked domestic violence allegations about former staff secretary Rob Porter after a Daily Mail story romantically linked Porter with Hicks while they were both working in the White House.
Porter's two ex-wives went public with abuse allegations last month, forcing them to resign.
Jennifer Willoughby, Porter's second ex-wife, told New York magazine that Porter repeatedly asked them to take down an April blog post about physical abuse they allegedly endured — although the post did not name them specifically. They refused, and later reportedly received a more desperate plea in January from Porter, who feared that it would be brought to the media's attention.
From left: Rob Porter, Hope Hicks and Corey Lewandowski Andrew Harnik/AP/Shutterstock; Chip Somodevilla/Getty; Taylor Hill/Getty
“He did not name names, but they implied that there was a former staffer from the White House who was unhappy with them and was out to get them and take them down and somehow had gotten wind of my blog post,” Willoughby said.
They first believed the feud was with former chief strategist Steve Bannon. However, New York reports that Willoughby later came to the conclusion that person was Lewandowski.
“[Lewandowski] got wind that they were dating Porter, and they could not handle that,” an anonymous source who worked with Lewandowski told the publication. “There were still raw feelings.”
Porter, 40, and Hicks, 29, broke up amid the scandal.
A spokesperson for Lewandowski did not immediately return PEOPLE's call for comment.
Hope Hicks and Donald Trump AP/REX/Shutterstock
Hicks, who announced their resignation as communications director last month, also reportedly endured disrespectful treatment by White House chief of staff John Kelly.
“He was extraordinarily dismissive of her,” a former senior White House official told the magazine. “He would refer to them as ‘the high-schooler,' they would joke about how they were inexperienced, they were in over their head, they were immature.”
The insider added, “He doesn't like a woman that potentially has some position of power over him. They think women should be subservient to him. If you look at their relationship with Ivanka or Hope — women who aren't subservient to them — they have problems with those people.”
CNN previously reported that Hicks decided to leave their position after Trump “berated” them following their testimony to a congressional investigative committee's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
A source also told PEOPLE that Hicks felt “it was time to resign.”
“She has been incredibly loyal to [President Trump] for a long time but it's been a tough few years and they had enough,” the insider said. “She needed to make a change after everything they have been through.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- One of two men attempting to cross a street in Little Italy early Wednesday was struck by a car and injured, police said.
The 27-year-old victim stepped into the path of a westbound Mercedes-Benz that had entered the intersection of Columbia and West Hawthorne streets on a green light shortly after 3:30 a.m., San Diego police Officer Dino Delimitros said.
The victim suffered a fractured leg in the crash. Delimitros said the injury was not considered life-threatening.
Teton Gravity Research's film “Andy Irons: Kissed by God” is touring now! Check the schedule to see screenings near you. Teton Gravity Research is also excited to announce international screenings with a variety of showings in Europe, Australia and New Zealand. For the most up to date information regarding the tour and tickets, visit tetongravity.com/tour.
In making “Andy Irons: Kissed by God,” the directors Steve and Todd Jones accumulated hours of emotional footage of Andy's family members, friends and competitors speaking frankly about the impact Andy made on their lives. Andy's brother Bruce, their wife Lyndie, Joel Parkinson, Nathan Fletcher, Sunny Garcia, Kelly Slater and more, sat down for the camera and let the stories and tears flow.
After whittling down lots of that footage for the documentary, the directors realized they still had plenty of interview gems left over.
Every week SURFER will be featuring these gems and outtakes in celebration of the film. They touch on the complexities of bipolar disorder, addiction and their incredible surfing talent, all told by those who laughed and cried along with him.
In the raw outtake above, Mick Fanning explains why Andy Irons gave them a smack.
Nottingham Playhouse Theatre Company has announced its first confirmed cast members for Adam Penford's Playhouse directing debut Wonderland, including TV stars Matthew Cottle and Harry Hepple.
Wonderland is set in Nottinghamshire in 1983. Two 16-year-olds wait nervously at the pithead. Guided by a veteran miner, they descend into the brotherhood, banter, searing heat and liquid blue light of Welbeck Colliery.
Meanwhile in London, an American CEO known as The Butcher is brought in to reform King Coal. Pits close and a strike is called.
A Tory MP tussles with their leader's hardline ideology, while an eccentric dandy is sent undercover to break up the strike. Cracks appear on all sides as the embattled miners are torn apart trying to protect their livelihoods and families. Nothing will be the same again.
Confirmed to play Spud – a charismatic pitman at Welbeck Colliery - is Harry Hepple, best known for their performance as lead character Leo in BBC 2's Boy Meets Girl. Taking to the stage alongside the sitcom star is another TV regular, Matthew Cottle – best known for playing Martin in BBC's Game On and more recently, Prince Edward in Channel 4's The Windsors – who will be playing real-life politician Peter Walker in the Nottingham-based show.
Wonderland is a regional premiere directed by Nottingham-born Adam Penford and is written by the daughter of Nottingham miner, Beth Steel.
Adam said: “I'm kicking off my first season as the new artistic director in February with Wonderland, a play about the miners' strike by local writer, Beth Steel, whose dad worked at Welbeck Colliery. The play premiered in 2014 in London to great acclaim and it's a real coup that its regional premiere will be at the Playhouse.
“Beth's play is really special. It's incredibly funny and moving, with great characters, and looks at the strike in a fresh way. The set design is hugely ambitious and there are movement sequences and live music; it's going to be a visual treat!”
Wonderland runs from February 9-24.
Tickets are priced £37.50-£8.50. For more information visit www.nottinghamplayhouse.co.uk
DENVER – Closing statements from both attorneys in the trial involving a former Denver radio DJ accused of groping Taylor Swift before a 2013 concert are expected to get underway Monday morning on Day 6 of the trial.
Live updates from U.S. District Court of Colorado in Denver can be found below. Refresh page for the latest updates. (All times Mountain):
8:30 a.m.
The day will get underway Monday with a “charging conference” involving Judge William J. Martinez and attorneys from both Swift's side and the side of David Mueller, the former DJ.
At the conference, the attorneys will review and finalize the instructions that will be given to the jury to decide the remainder of the trial.
After the conference is over, the jury will return to the courtroom and hear closing statements from both sides, then will start deliberating.
But after Judge Martinez ruled Friday that Swift would no longer be party to the lawsuit filed against them and their team and tossed out four of the five claims against the defendants, there will only be one claim moving forward originally filed by Mueller.
That claim—tortious interference with contract claims—is only moving forward against Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, and their manager, Frank Bell.
Taylor Swift's counterclaim against Mueller will also be moving ahead. It involves claims of assault and battery.
As in all cases, the jury will have to reach a unanimous verdict to find any of the parties guilty of something.
On this episode of "By Any Means Necessary" host Eugene Puryear is joined by Christian Parenti, American investigative journalist, academic, and author to talk about the resignation of Trump National Security Adviser Mike Flynn, the ways in which Trump is running off of the Koch Brother's policy playbook, and the problem with an overly idealistic chattering class of media at the expensive of everyday citizens. The pair also talk about the rise of populism in America, the future of climate politics, and the oil driven relationship between Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Donald Trump.
Later in the show host Eugene Puryear is joined by Reece Chenault, National Coordinator for US Labor Against the War to talk about the response of labor unions across the country to the Trump administration, whether or not unions will provide resistance to the new administration or work with it, and the internal class and race divides within unions in the United States.
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
Have you heard the news? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Dr. Scott Gottlieb, commissioner of the US Food and Drug Administration, announced Tuesday a “blitz” on retailers for violations related to sales of Juul and other e-cigarettes to minors.
Forty warning letters were sent to brick-and-mortar retailers as a first step toward stopping underage use of e-cigarettes, the FDA said. The government agency also said it sent Juul Labs, the maker of an e-cigarette popular among teens, a request to submit documents related to product marketing and research, including information about “youth initiation and use.”
“We don't yet fully understand why these products are so popular among youth,” Gottlieb wrote in the public statement. “But it's imperative that we figure it out, and fast. These documents may help us get there.”
Juul spokesperson Victoria Davis said the company “agrees with the FDA that illegal sales of our product to minors are unacceptable. We already have in place programs to prevent and, if necessary, identify and act upon these violations at retail and online marketplaces, and we will announce additional measures in the coming days.”
Electronic cigarettes (also called e-cigarettes or e-cigs), vapes, vaporizers and hookah pens are among the terms used to describe electronic nicotine delivery systems. These products use an “e-liquid” that may contain nicotine as well as flavorings and other ingredients. The liquid is heated into an aerosol that the user inhales. Some products resemble conventional cigarettes, but others look like pens or other ordinary items. Juul resembles an everyday flash drive, which may explain its popularity among teens.
The FDA has conducted 908,280 inspections of tobacco retailers, issued 70,350 warning letters and initiated about 17,000 civil money penalty cases in its efforts to fight the sale of e-cigarettes and other tobacco products to minors, it said Tuesday. For the current “blitz,” the agency said, it also contacted one online retailer, which removed listings for Juul products and then voluntarily implemented policies to prevent future listings.
More than 2 million middle and high school students described themselves as current users of e-cigarettes in 2016 (the most recent year studied), according to a government report: about 11% of high school students and 4.3% of middle school students. Overall, e-cigarette use by high school students increased 900% from 2011 to 2015, according to a separate 2016 report from the US surgeon general.
In a recent Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health survey, 81% of minors who currently vape said their primary reason for doing so is “availability of appealing flavors.”
“Widespread reports of youth use of JUUL products are of great public health concern,” Gottlieb said in the announcement. “Youth may not understand the nicotine or other characteristics of JUUL.”
On March 20, the FDA issued a warning that it would act to end the use of e-cigarettes among minors.
Juul Labs' website tells the story of two founders, smokers and product designers who had become “increasingly dissatisfied with the health and social impacts of cigarettes” but could find no viable alternative and so created their own — with “adult smokers in mind.”
“We are working with the FDA, lawmakers, parents and community leaders to combat underage use, and we will continue working with all interested parties to keep our product away from youth,” Davis said on behalf of the company.
MOSCOW — England held its nerve against Colombia to win their first-ever penalty shoot-out in a World Cup and reach the quarterfinals in dramatic fashion on Tuesday.
Eric Dier scored the decisive spot-kick to win the shoot-out 4-3 and send Gareth Southgate's young team through to a meeting with Sweden, who earlier beat Switzerland.
A bad-tempered match at Moscow's Spartak Stadium that featured eight yellow cards — six for Colombian players — ended 1-1 after 30 tense minutes of extra-time, meaning the game had to be decided by penalties.
The South American side, without injured forward James Rodriguez, appeared on the edge of reaching their second consecutive World Cup quarterfinal when Jordan Henderson's effort was saved by Colombian goalkeeper David Ospina, keeping the score at 3-2.
But Mateus Uribe then rattled the crossbar and after Kieran Trippier leveled at 3-3, England goalkeeper Jordan Pickford saved from Carlos Bacca, extending their left arm to stop the ball as they dived to their right.
That gave England match point and Eric Dier made no mistake, beating the despairing dive of Ospina before they were mobbed by their teammates.
It is the first time England have won a shoot-out at a World Cup — and comes after six failures in seven attempts at major tournaments before Russia.
Southgate's team were minutes away from victory during normal time but Yerry Mina rose to head home an equalizer from a corner and cancel out captain Harry Kane's 57th-minute penalty.
The late, late goal deflated England and the momentum shifted visibly towards the South Americans, who started extra-time with a spring in their step.
“To get knocked down at the end like we did with that goal in added time, you know, it's difficult to come back from that,” said Dier.
“But we did. We were ready for that. We knew what we had to do, we stayed calm, we stuck to our plan, we never panicked all the way through extra time. We knew that if it has to go to penalties, it has to go to penalties. We were ready for that.”
‘GIVES US BELIEF'
England, for so long underachievers on the international stage, are the only former winners left in the bottom half of the draw and, with Sweden up next, will fancy their chances of reaching the semifinals for just the third time in their history.
Pickford is the first England goalkeeper to save a penalty in a shoot-out at a major tournament since David Seaman at the 1998 World Cup against Argentina.
“It's a great night to win a penalty shootout,” they said. “Ideally we don't want to be going to a penalty shoot-out but we are delighted for the fans and the whole country.
“It gives us belief to go into the Sweden game.”
Kane's penalty in the first half made them the tournament's top scorer with six goals, two clear of Belgium's Romelu Lukaku.
With Spain already ejected, England face Sweden in Samara on Saturday, with Russia and Croatia potential semi-final opponents.
Brazil and France lurk in the top half of the draw but Lionel Messi's Argentina and Cristiano Ronaldo's Portugal are out.
Even Prince William got caught up in the emotion, tweeting: “I couldn't be prouder of @England — a victory in a penalty shootout! You have well and truly earned your place in the final eight of the #worldcup.”
FORSBERG STRIKES FOR SWEDEN
In the early game on Tuesday, RB Leipzig striker Emil Forsberg's deflected 66th-minute shot took Sweden through to their first World Cup quarterfinal since 1994, with the Swiss unable to respond in Saint Petersburg.
Suspensions deprived Switzerland of key defender Fabian Schaer and captain Stephan Lichtsteiner, but they will be disappointed by their limp exit.
Sweden coach Janne Andersson said their side were not finished yet.
“We're not satisfied with this,” they said. “We want to win the next match as well. If you start to lower the bar or your ambition that's not going to be satisfying.
“Hopefully in the future I will look back on this with pride but for now, I focus on the next match on Saturday.”
Away from the drama in Russia, the German Football Association (DFB) confirmed that coach Joachim Loew will remain in their job despite the World Cup holders' shock elimination in the group phase.
“I am very grateful for the confidence that the DFB has again shown in me and I feel a lot of support and encouragement despite the justified criticism of our elimination,” said Loew, who has been in charge for 12 years. — AFP
Brooke is a bold all-American tomboy that is passionate about their friends, their family and new adventures.  They are a former hip-hop dance instructor and an outdoor enthusiast.  They are the voice of reason to Jubal's crazy. They still say, “Woot,” “Raise the roof,” and loves to over share.
CARSON, Calif. — Ryan Hollingshead had a goal and an assist, helping FC Dallas beat the Los Angeles Galaxy 3-2 on Wednesday night.
Dallas (6-1-5) is unbeaten in its last six games against Los Angeles (5-7-1).
FC Dallas scored two goals seven minutes apart in the first half. Mauro Díaz sent a pass along the top of the 18-yard box and Ryan Hollingshead curled it inside the post in the 33rd minute. It was Díaz's seventh assist of the year. In the 40th minute, Hollingshead passed it across goal to find Cristian Colman at the far post for a bouncing header.
Carlos Gruezo added a breakaway goal in the 66th for a 3-0 lead.
Three victims were hospitalized after a four-vehicle collision Wednesday afternoon in Washington Township.
None of the injuries was considered serious after the pileup at the Van Emburgh and Washington avenues.
Two flatbed tow trucks cleared the wreckage -- two of them Jeeps -- from the busy intersection.
Washington Township police, firefighters and EMS responded along with an ambulance from Hackensack University Medical Center.
Boyd A. Loving contributed to this article.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Linde Group logo is seen at its headquarters in Munich, Germany August 15, 2016. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
BERLIN European worker representatives of German industrial gases group Linde (LING.DE) are opposed to a merger with U.S. rival Praxair (PX.N) and want labour members of the supervisory board to vote against the deal, a letter seen by Reuters shows.
The German and U.S. industrial-gases groups are working to finalise terms of a merger that would create a $30 billion (24.03 billion pounds) market leader and target $1 billion in synergies.
According to a letter from the European works council to staff, the merger could lead to a big loss of jobs in some European countries, destroying the Linde brand. The letter was first reported on Wednesday by the Handelsblatt newspaper.
"As an independent and economically sound company, Linde is in an excellent position. We do not need restructuring ... Linde does not need Praxair!" the letter read.
"We call upon the employee representatives inthe supervisory board to stand up for Linde's independence and to vote against the merger with Praxair."
Labour representatives could block the deal if they were to win the support of any other board members.
Linde's CEO said earlier this month they would not push through a deal against the will of Linde's workers, but they were confident of winning them over.
Praxair has provided new assurances to Linde over jobs and corporate governance in Germany after a previous attempt to agree a merger foundered over those issues.
(Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; writing by Emma Thomasson; Editing by Alexander Smith)
Using Salesforce to Amplify Brand Reach
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Credit Unions are nonprofits, so where's the incentive to expand the brand and enhance the customer journey?
"The more we can bring new members on, the more we can give back to the community," says Lisa Nicholas, SVP and CDO for Amplify, an Austin, Texas-based credit union. Nicholas cited increased social impact, and higher dividends, as positive outcomes for a thriving business.
Amplify has its roots with IBM, starting out as the IBM Texas Employees Federal C.U. in 1967 (it's been Amplify since 2006). As a member-owned co-operative, its mission is to provide less expensive loans and higher returns on deposits than commercial banks. But, Nicholas emphasizes, Amplify does provide a "full suite of banking products," including checking accounts, online banking, home equity loans, and so on.
That's something clients don't always realize. For example, someone taking out a loan to buy a car might well select an indirect loan product originating with Amplify. "Our problem is, they don't have a clue who we are. What they care about is the lowest rate," Nicholas explains. Acquiring them as full service customers, and retaining them, is a challenge when the brand behind the product remains anonymous.
Prior to introducing a technology solution to address the problem, Amplify based its efforts on direct mail. The mail pieces were often overlooked or lost, resulting among other things in late repayments. That approach has been replaced by a first-day phone call; email instructions on repayment on day five; then an email content piece, aimed at enhancing understanding of Amplify's services. The results: a 75% open rate on the first email, 45% on the second.
Amplify is also trying to expand brand reach via social media and through Google display ads, Nicholas says.
After working with IBM's Silverpop and Oracle, Amplify has settled on the Salesforce Sales and Marketing Clouds to do the heavy digital lifting. It looks to the Sales Cloud as its CRM resource, storing member information securely. In the Marketing Cloud, Amplify uses the Email, Social, and Ad studios to drive its acquisition and retention initiatives. "We're breaking the member journey down," they say, "so we're engaging at the right time and providing the right pieces of content."
Nicholas describes deployment as "very quick" — 59 days — and February sees the one year anniversary. Prior to supporting the indirect sales and marketing team with these solutions, says Nicholas, loan production — the amount of money loaned to credit union members per month — was less than $40,000; it's now over $1 million. For inside sales, loan production has grown from half a million to well over $3 million per month. And after deploying Social Studio, for example, Nicholas reports a 400% increase in engagement.
Amplify also uses S&P Global (formerly SNL Financial) for market intelligence, and Brightedge for SEO.
Digital innovation, Nicholas explains, allows a lean team — three to five people in marketing — with limited resources to make an impact. "We don't have the the large budgets of Bank of America and Wells Fargo," they say, "although we're competing with them for market share."
SHANGHAI, April 28 China's Bank of Communications Co Ltd (BoCom) said on Friday net profit rose 1.35 percent in the first quarter of 2017.
Profit at China's fifth-biggest bank rose to 19.32 billion yuan ($2.80 billion) in the three months through March from 19.1 billion in the same period a year earlier, the bank said in a statement.
That was slightly below an average estimate of 19.5 billion yuan from 3 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters.
BoCom's non-performing loan ratio was unchanged at 1.52 percent at end-March versus end-December.
($1 = 6.4790 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Engen Tham in Shanghai and Matthew Miller in Beijing; Editing by Stephen Coates and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
As hot weather begins to melt away visitation numbers at Joshua Tree National Park, a new pricing structure is solidifying.
Peak season ends Thursday, May 31, and beginning Friday, June 1, the park entrance fee will rise from $25 to $30 per vehicle, less than the $70 the National Park Service had originally considered in the fall for its busiest parks.
Other fees going up at the dusty desert park that smashed attendance records in 2017 include motorcycle entrance fees rising from $12 to $25, and the per-person entrance fee rising from $12 to $15. Annual passes will go up from $40 to $55.
The new fees take into account public concerns and ideas raised since the October fee announcement, according to the park service.
Despite its popularity, doubling visitors in the last four years to 2,853,619 in 2017, the park has a more than $50 million maintenance backlog. According to the park service, 80 percent of entrance fee income stays in the park to help fix trails, rebuild aging infrastructure, improve campgrounds and more. The other 20 percent will go to other national parks for their projects.
Upcoming Joshua Tree projects include a facelift for Black Rock Campground, moving the West Entrance further inside the park to ease congestion, a new visitor center for the Cottonwood Entrance, and a new trailhead and parking for Samuelson's Rock.
Nationwide, there is an $11.6 billion maintenance backlog at national parks.
Information: ps.gov/jotr.
About The Author
A lifelong lover of soccer, the beautiful game, they served from January 2010 until May 2013 as the Director of Communications and Public Relations for the North American Soccer League (NASL). Raised on the Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the old NASL, Krishnaiyer previously hosted the American Soccer Show on the Champions Soccer Radio Network, the Major League Soccer Talk podcast and the EPL Talk Podcast. Their soccer writing has been featured by several media outlets including The Guardian and The Telegraph.  They are the author of the book Blue With Envy about Manchester City FC.
Good Monday morning. After a weak front trekked north of the islands this weekend, we are waking up to light winds this morning. These winds will be coming out of the southwest today and that may bring in some haze and slightly muggy conditions over the state.
Temperatures will range from 77-83 degrees.
For your Tuesday, we are tracking a cold front. The front is currently located about 500 miles northwest of Kauai. It will approach the state; moving down the island chain Tuesday morning through Wednesday from west to east.
Winds will remain light today, then shift out of the southwest and then the winds will strengthen tonight ahead of the front. Breezy north winds and relatively cooler conditions will fill in behind the front Tuesday through Thursday.
Then by the end of the week, we are tracking an upper level low. An unsettled weather pattern is possible from Friday into the upcoming weekend with this feature on the weather models. If this upper level low comes close enough, we may need to add thunderstorms in the forecast.
As far as surf, there is an advisory-level swell that may be good news for Pipe Masters today. Next call with be at 7:30 a.m. The next large north-northwest swell will peak Tuesday night into Wednesday, then gradually subside Thursday through Friday. This swell is expected to produce warning-level surf on north and west facing shores.
No other significant swells are expected.
- Jennifer Robbins
Go to the Hawaii News Now Weather page for the latest forecast or check out our Interactive radar.
To get the latest weather conditions on your mobile device click HERE
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Recent military strikes on enemy forces in Afghanistan and Syria illustrate the shift in US strategy to halt North Korea's continuing tests of atomic weapons and ballistic missiles to deliver those weapons, Vice President Mike Pence said in a joint press conference with South Korea's acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn on Monday.
"Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new President [Donald Trump] in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan," Pence stated. "North Korea would do well not to test their resolve — or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region."
Earlier this month, the United Stated dropped for the first time its most powerful non-nuclear weapon on an al-Qaeda tunnel complex in Afghanistan, the Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb (MOAB), the biggest non-nuclear bomb in its arsenal.
Both the United States and South Korea pledged to complete deployment of the Theater High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) anti-missile system, the vice president explained.
© AFP 2017/ Ed JONES 'North Korea Ready to React if US Opts for Military Actions'
Pence also delivered a double-edge message to China, mentioning Beijing's imposition of sanctions against South Korea over the THAAD deployment while also saying that the United States has "great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea."
Chinese President Xi Jinping agreed to cooperate on North Korea during a recent summit with President Donald Trump held in the Mar-a-Lago estate in the US state in Florida.
But Pence also repeated earlier warnings that the United States and its allies are prepared to deal with North Korea with or without China's help.
Evgeny Buryakov, a former New York banker who was convicted in federal court of conspiring to act in the United States as an agent of the Russian Federation, is shown in this handout photo sitting on a commercial flight, escorted by deportation officers and turned over to... REUTERS
A Russian banker convicted last year in the United States for involvement in a spy ring operating in New York City has been deported to Moscow, a U.S. law enforcement agency said on Wednesday.
Evgeny Buryakov, 42, was escorted to Russia by deportation officers aboard commercial flights and turned over to Russian authorities, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said in a statement.
Buryakov was arrested in January 2015 and charged with two others. U.S. prosecutors said they had worked with the Russian intelligence service and conspired to gather economic intelligence on behalf of Russia, including information about U.S. sanctions against Russia, and to recruit New York City residents as intelligence sources.
Buryakov, who worked at Russian state-owned Vnesheconombank, was sentenced in May by a U.S. district judge in Manhattan to 2-1/2 years in prison after pleading guilty to having conspired to act improperly as an agent for the Russian government.
They received credit for 16 months already spent in custody and was in line to be deported after completing their sentence.
(Reporting by Nathan Layne; Editing by Toni Reinhold)
By Ben Hirschler
Scientists have found signs of brain damage that could cause dementia in a handful of former soccer players, fuelling worries about the danger of frequent knocks from heading the ball or colliding with others on the field.
The small study was the first of its kind, involving post mortems on six men who died with dementia after long careers playing soccer. All were skilled headers of the ball.
It suggests that some professional soccer players might risk the same long-term cognitive problems suffered by boxers and some American football players.
But experts said more research was needed to prove any definitive link between heading a football and developing dementia, and they added that the risk was likely to be minimal for occasional players.
“We've demonstrated that the same type of pathology that occurs in ex-boxers can also occur in some ex-footballers who have dementia, but I'd emphasise this is a very small number of players,” said co-lead researcher Huw Morris of London's UCL Institute of Neurology.
“The average playing career of these players was 26 years, which is thousands of hours of game playing, thousands of hours of practice and thousands of headers … I think the risk is extremely low from playing recreational football.”
Soccer is the most popular sport in the world and scientists said the danger of head injuries had to be weighed against the game's known benefits in improving cardiovascular health, which actually reduces the likelihood of developing dementia.
The study, published in the journal Acta Neuropathologica on Wednesday, followed 14 retired soccer players with dementia and secured next-of-kin permission for post mortem examinations for six of them.
The scientists found evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), a potential cause of dementia, in four of the six brains. All six also had signs of Alzheimer's disease.
CTE is common in ex-boxers and has been linked to progressive memory, behavioural and motor impairment.
Unlike boxing or American football, blows to the head in soccer are generally lower impact and players are less likely to experience concussion. But there may still be cumulative damage from sub-concussive impacts, experts believe.
Britain's Football Association said more work was needed into whether degenerative brain disease was more common in ex-footballers, adding it planned to jointly fund research with the Professional Footballers' Association.
Rachel Zoe is settling down for the holidays and revealing some of their family's favorite holiday traditions.
The designer and CEO of Rachel Zoe, Inc. told PEOPLE how they and husband, Rodger Berman, prepare for the holidays.
“We always celebrate together with my entire family,” Zoe said, as they launched of The Zoe Report's Box of Style Winter Edition. “It's a time where Rodger and I can really take a moment away from work and go to holiday parties and events with the kids.”
When it comes to holiday traditions, the mother of two, 6-year-old Skyler Morrison and Kaius “Kai” Jagger, almost 4, the stylish star said it is a time for family vacations, saying they “try to do one of two short trips together over the holiday break.”
“Someplace warm like Cabo or St. Barths, and also cold and cozy like Aspen — we are a big ski family,” Zoe said.
The business person and entrepreneur, said their boys “love all of the holiday parties” and, while the family is Jewish, they enjoy all the different seasonal celebrations.
“There are so many celebrations without friends and family and the treats that go along with them,” they said. “They get excited about all the traditions, like Santa and decorating trees and lighting the Hanukkah candles.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
They continued, “Skyler loves cleansing their playroom closet and giving away their toys to the Baby2baby families, which has become a tradition that they look forward to every year.”
Them youngest also celebrates their birthday during the festive period, with Kai turning 4 on Sunday.
With the end of the year quickly approaching, Zoe also spoke about the highlight of their year, which focused on their two sons.
“As my boys are getting older, the highlights of the year have really been witnessing their milestones and seeing them develop into these mini-adults,” they said. “They change every day and it's so incredible to watch.”
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
The holidays also mean a time for holiday dressing, something the stylish mom of two says they do not let the weather – especially Los Angeles' unseasonably warm weather.
“I always tend to dress for the season, rather than the weather – especially around the holidays. I layer lighter pieces underneath but I will always be in my coats, cozy big sweaters, and boots.”
Rachel Zoe's tip for dressing for this holiday season – be as glamorous as the season.
“The holidays are the most glamorous time of year and the best excuse to accessorize. My latest favorite is the elegant deco-inspired marble clutch that I designed exclusively for the Box of Style, my luxury subscription box, which includes my favorite fashion, beauty and lifestyle items curated for every season.”
By Scott Sullivan
Editor
Word Jail
I used to think ratings were overrated. Who conducts these polls that mass media — in its rush to cut costs paying real journalists and fill space that used to held substance with info-tainment — now makes ubiquitous? What are their goals and criteria used to make their comparisons?
Before I became enlightened I found these polls' findings were mental junk food; sit at a bar, load up on data and other substances, then debate who is better — my side or yours — without fear of solving anything because all claims are fueled by vapor.
Then I read WalletHub's new ranking of state school systems was in part based on “youth incarnation rate.” Talk about criteria. Since incarnation means the embodiment of a deity or spirit — Jesus in some religions — those are some graduation standards. Did Betsy DeVos Herself even qualify?
I was glad to see Wallet-Hub take this stand against kicking God out of public schools — although that concern, to my mind, is overrated. If God is everywhere and all powerful, how can bureaucrats kick Him or Them out of any school?
“It's a typo,” my wife said when I quoted the newspaper story to them “MLive meant ‘youth incarceration rate.'”
“Like how many kids are in jail?” I asked. “Like the more, the better and safer schools are? In that case, throw 'em all in!”
“I'm not sure that's how WalletHub assessed it.”
“School was like jail for me.”
“Your poor teachers. I bet they felt more like guards,” my wife said.
“Listen, MLive does not make mistakes. Read their back-to-back full-page promotions touting their ‘True Journalism.'”
“Too bad they don't have news in that space. I can't wait to read what Gonzo and Amy rank as our state's finest deep-fried banana slugs.
“That's Michigan's Best journalism,” I conceded. “You'd think WalletHub would have ranked our schools higher than 32nd based on kids growing up with that kind of reading stimulus.”
“Don't forget the cutesy cartoons.”
“Even better. That's why Michigan's art fairs boast only the highest quality. What we need is to rate the dumbest ratings ever. Whoever believes them should be berated. I'll start. Denny Howell once wrote for our paper that, as a traveling man, they were going to rate rest-stop restrooms.”
“How did that turn out?'
“He stopped after one. Then there's our beer correspondent, Myron Kukla, who covered the Grand Rapids Winter Beer Festivals. One year they sent a review plus a picture of Uncle Sam holding a cold one on stilts.”
“Huh?”
“Uncle Sam was on stilts with a cold one.”
“That's still pretty stupid.”
“Sorry. I haven't heard from Myron since the last such event.”
“When was that?”
“February. I wonder what could have happened.”
“You're guilty of the same things you accuse MLive of,” my wife accused.
“I'm an expert. The point is, comparisons are odorous.”
“Who said that?”
“Dogberry, the bumbling constable in Shakespeare's comedy ‘Much Ado About Nothing.'”
“Some source of wisdom.”
“WalletHub,” I went on, “based its state school system ratings on performance, funding, safety, class size and instructor credentials, all things it claims it can quantify.”
“How do you rank WalletHub?”
“When it comes to rank, they're definitive.”
“Why devote a column to rankings you think people should ignore?'
“Hey, some things we learn make us stupider.”
“You're the embodiment.”
“Incarnation, you mean?”
“The doghouse is outside. I sentence you there,” they said.
“So international students come with an idea that they have a budget, that for four years they're good to go, but the thing is every year it changes.”
Hammami said international students struggle to have a social life or take on leadership opportunities because of the higher costs, and that being unable to afford groceries has affected their physical and mental health.
Being in an unfamiliar country on top of that adds to the challenges.
“You have to make friends, have to have a new support system, to build your life from scratch again. It's really difficult for an international student to do that,” they said. “If there's a language barrier, if you don't know anyone, you don't have any support.”
Council of Alberta University Students Chair Reed Larsen said food bank usage among international students went up 30 per cent the last time tuition jumped three per cent at the U of A.
The council is calling for several changes, including an immediate freeze on tuition for international undergraduate students.
While the province has frozen tuition for domestic students two years in a row, Larsen said they are “out of patience” when it comes to waiting for the Alberta government's fee review that promises a long-term, predictable funding model.
Advanced Education Minister Marlin Schmidt has said the review is coming in Spring 2018.
“At this point, it's quite ridiculous,” Larsen said.
“I personally know international students who go hungry every day because they can't afford, or can't realistically plan for the cost of their education.”
Schmidt said in an e-mailed statement that they thank the council for its advocacy on behalf of students and the province prides itself on being inclusive.
"Encouraging bright and inquisitive minds from across Alberta, Canada, and around the globe to study in Alberta enriches our province," they said. "Costs to attend these institutions shouldn't be a barrier to a good education, and we are working with institutions to ensure greater access to affordable high-quality education."
Metro
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
The stock market fell on Tuesday following comments from industrial bellwether Caterpillar indicated that margins were reaching their limits. Bond yields rose enough for the 10-year Treasury note to break the psychologically important level of 3 percent.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average went on a wild ride. In early trading, the index climbed more than 200 points, only to fall to midday lows of around a 600 point loss. By the closing bell, it had bounced back a bit, ending the day on a 424.56 point decline, a 1.75 percent drop.
The broader S&P 500 index fell by 1.34 percent. The tech heavy Nasdaq Composite fell 1.7 percent, with the so-called FAANG stocks–Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix, and Google's Alphabet–registering big declines.
Caterpillar's earnings beat market expectations. Initially its shares pushed higher. On a conference call with analysts, however, chief financial officer Bradley Halverson spooked investors by saying that the company's outlook for the future assumed the first quarter of 2018 would be “the high watermark for the year.” They added that the company did not expect its operating margins, a measure of profitability based on the amount of each dollar of revenue remaining after subtracting the cost of goods sold and labor costs, to improve. Shares of Caterpillar fell by 6.2 percent for the day.
Eight of the 11 sectors of the S&P 500 declined. Real estate, telecommunications, and utilities rose, a classic “flight to safety” stock market move. Companies in those three sectors pay sizable dividends but typically are not expected to see much growth in share prices.
Overall, corporate earnings for the first quarter of 2018 have come in strong, in aggregate up by between 18 and 20 percent compared with last year. But even as companies report results that beat analyst expectations, stocks have fallen. “It's a sell the news trade,” is something people say. No one knows what that means but it sounds reassuringly informed.
Alphabet, which is the name you are supposed to call Google, fell 4.8 percent. The company reported surging profits but also said it had higher expenses. It seems to have dramatically increased capital expenditures, which might be a pretty smart way for a company to take advantage of some of the short-term incentives contained in last year's tax cut scheme. But investors did not like it.
Facebook shares fell 3.7 percent. Amazon was down 3.8 percent. Netflix was down 3.6 percent. Shares of Apple were down 1.4 percent, which is almost like being up on a day like Tuesday.
Shares of 3M fell 6.8 percent after the company said that it was lowering the upper end of its earnings guidance. In other words, they still expect good news to come but not quite as good news. SELL EVERYTHING!
Yields on 10-year Treasuries breached 3 percent but settled the day at 2.93 percent, which is just a bit higher than where they were Monday afternoon. If anyone tells you today's stock market moves were caused by fears of inflation or higher rates, check your wallet. That guy is trying to con you.
Geopolitics did not play much of role today, as far as anyone can tell. It's possible that the stock market hates France's Macron and was protesting their visit but that seems unlikely. Macron is just not that unlikeable as far as French guys and he's going home shortly. Maybe stocks just confused them with Canada's Justin Trudeau.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A University of Cambridge researcher is calling for the voices of women to be given a fairer platform at a leading scientific conference.
Dr Heather Ford and their colleagues analysed data from the American Geophysical Union (AGU) Fall Meeting and found that, overall; female scientists are offered fewer opportunities than men to present their research.
The team examined the gender, career stage and type of presentation delivered by each participant from 2014 to 2016. They found that female members are at a disadvantage because the majority of them are students or in the early stages of their careers, groups whose members are typically given fewer chances to present their research. The results are reported in the journal Nature Communications.
Conference speakers are often at more senior stages of their careers, where there are usually fewer women in Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths (STEM) fields. A further problem is that men are more likely to provide speaking opportunities to other men, potentially limiting women's career prospects.
"The burden of representation often falls on under-represented groups. We need the majority groups to think about representation, otherwise minority voices will continue to be drowned out," said Ford, who is a NERC Independent Research Fellow in Cambridge's Department of Earth Sciences.
However, the research showed some positive signs, as women were invited at a much higher rate than men in the early and mid-career stages.
The researchers are calling for more students and early career researchers to have opportunities to speak at future conferences, in a bid to help some of the many female members who are at the beginning of their careers. They also want to see more women selecting the conference speakers, and suggest that all members may benefit from diversity training before they can invite speakers and assign conference presentations.
Attending and presenting at conferences helps academics at every stage of their careers to build their network, meet potential collaborators and share their research.
Conferences are important for career progression and can be key in helping researchers to find funding and receive job offers. Presenting at academic conferences can also help researchers to gain recognition and awards for their work.
Ford says they and their co-author Petra Dekens from San Francisco State University were motivated to look into this topic after sitting in "too many conference sessions" with either no female speakers, or a single female speaker.
The global context is also an important issue for Ford, particular the ongoing campaign for gender equality. They said; "A lot of women have been motivated to speak out about gender inequality in the past year - people are much more vocal about how they've been treated. I wanted to find a productive way to channel my frustrations."
The AGU Fall Meeting is the world's largest geoscience conference, with more than 22,000 presentation proposals each year. The AGU has more than 60,000 members in 137 countries, and around a third of its members are women. Geoscience is one of the least diverse STEM fields.
###
WITH the recent release of 13 Reasons Why Season 2 we've seen Netflix come under fire from parents and organisations with claims that the second season was unnecessary, too graphic and glamorises underage drinking, drugs and suicide.
And while all these things may be true, it doesn't actually change the fact that it's here, readily available on Netflix and our teenagers are probably going to want to watch it.
If you haven't caught up, the hugely popular first season of 13 Reasons Why follows a teenage girl who takes their own life and leaves behind 13 tapes detailing how their peers' actions led to their decision. The second season shows the aftermath of their decision as their parents and friends search for answers and closure.
Since the release of the first season we have seen a rise in suicide related conversations, questions, concerns and sadly, attempts. However, as a child psychologist and the executive director of services at Act for Kids, a charity devoted to the prevention and treatment of childhood abuse and neglect, I urge you not to ban your teenagers from the watching the show.
This sounds a bit controversial I know, and I'm certainly not saying that it's appropriate for all children, because it's not. But if your older children have expressed an interest in watching it or are engaging in conversations around it at school, the likelihood that they will watch it with or without you is quite high. And trust me, watching it without a parent or trusted adult present could be quite overwhelming or damaging.
Camera Icon Brandon Flynn plays Justin Foley, a heroin addict dealing with personal drama, in 13 Reasons Why. (Pic: Netflix) Picture: Supplied
It's important that parents look at the show as a teaching opportunity and a way to start meaningful conversations with their kids around alcohol, drugs, sexual assault, mental health and suicide. Don't be afraid to talk about suicide and other tough issues with your kids, because when we avoid it we are adding to the stigma and shame that keeps them suffering alone.
Make sure that your children know all the alternatives to suicide and the treatments and support services that can help them with mental health and other issues.
Sadly, we know that one of the biggest fears a child or young person has around disclosing abuse, sexual assault or suicidal thoughts is that they won't be believed or taken seriously. That's why it is incredibly important to listen to our kids and to validate their thoughts and feelings.
As a mother of three daughters, now in their twenties, I understand that at times our kids might not want to tell us what's going on in their world or how they're feeling about things they've watched or heard. Let them know they won't get in trouble for coming to you with things, your concern is for their safety and the safety of those around them.
If you do decide to watch the show with your child make sure you are taking steps to manage the themes and feelings it might bring up for you both.
There are a number of resources that have been created for children and parents in response to the show, I really encourage parents to educate themselves, not only about the content of the show but also the warning signs of depression, trauma and anxiety.
If you're worried about the questions your children might have and how to answer them, then do some preparation and have some strategies in place to ensure you are all feeling OK.
Read some helpful resources about from the likes of headspace, We Are Teachers, or beyondblue.
Camera Icon Christian Navarro, Dylan Minnette and Brandon Flynn in 13 Reasons Why. (Pic: Netflix) Picture: AP
In this instance, reading some spoilers is the right way to go. Knowing what's coming up will help you know whether or not to skip a part of the show or to pause to talk about what you just watched.
Make sure your child knows you can pause or stop watching at any time.
Don't binge watch the episodes. Make sure you leave time in between for the questions and feelings that might come up for them and yourself.
Make sure that you and your children are doing lots of healthy activities such as going for a walk or exercising and spending time with friends and family.
Talk to your child about the best ways to solve problems when things feel bad. A problem shared with someone who cares is a problem halved.
Most importantly, use your judgment as a parent. You know them the best, you know what they can handle and what might upset them. Play the parent card if your child is too young or immature to process the content, but be aware that for older kids with access to smart phones, tablets and laptops, watching it in secret would not be a hard feat should you forbid it.
You're far better off watching it together, tackling the hard conversations and showing your kids that you really care and they can come to you if they are ever struggling with their mental health.
Dr Katrina Lines is the executive director of Act for Kids, an Australian charity providing free therapy and support to kids and families who have experienced, or are at risk of, abuse and neglect.
@ActForKids
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
For many people, getting to grocery stores and farmers markets is tough, and since fast food is so much more accessible, it can be difficult to maintain a healthy diet. Throw in the fact that often times quality food is expensive, and you have a very big problem for many Americans.
An estimated 17.3 million people in the U.S. live in low-income areas more than one mile or 20 miles from a supermarket, data from the USDA reports.
Salvation Army Stepping Up To Help
Salvation Army, a Christian charity, found one small but impactful way to help: It launched its first non-profit grocery store in Baltimore, Maryland, in order to help low-income families who live in in food deserts (impoverished areas that lack fresh fruits and vegetables as a result of a lack of grocery stores).
Called DMG Foods, a reference to the organization's motto, “Do More Good,” The store is situated in a 7,000 square foot warehouse. There is an on-site butcher, deli counter, pre-made meals and salads prepared by the Maryland Food Bank, and non-perishable items.
This innovative grocery store hopes to change lives in the Baltimore area by providing over 1,200 families fresh, affordable produce annually, according to its press release. Its opening also created 15 jobs.
#DMGFoods officially opened in Baltimore today as The Salvation Army's first grocery store, uniquely combining workforce-development programs, supplemental benefits, cooking demonstrations and more with grocery shopping in a food desert. Check it out at https://t.co/7PzaJk3Rgd! pic.twitter.com/4m71Z37YJM — Salvation Army USA (@SalvationArmyUS) March 7, 2018
Store Charges Less Than Traditional Supermarkets
As the store is nonprofit, it is able to charge less for items than traditional grocery stores, according to the Baltimore Sun. It will be available to anyone who wants to shop there, though it is intended for lower-income families. Customers who are use government assistance to purchase food (SNAP) will receive complimentary items once a month as well as additional discounts.
Wanting To Provide “Sustaintable Model” For Community
The Salvation Army's goal is to “present a sustainable model that engages the community in order for them to eat healthier, smarter, cheaper and all of that,” Gene Hogg, The Salvation Army's area commander, told The Shelby Report.
The opening, which took place March 7, was met with excitement and praise.
Couldn't be happier about our partnership with the @SalArmyCM first grocery store, DMG Foods! The grand opening was a huge success, and a great path forward for creating a healthier Baltimore. Watch @CBSbaltimore' coverage of the grand opening: https://t.co/nKKP2idYcS#MyBMore pic.twitter.com/2Cj5kuOCiG — Maryland Food Bank (@MDFoodBank) March 9, 2018
Baltimore's mayor, Catherine Pugh, was there to cut the ribbon and welcome the new store to the neighborhood. They shared their congratulations and well wishes on social media.
And, other people on social media hoped that new locations for DMG Foods would open in their neighborhoods.
Take A Tour Of The Salvation Army Grocery Store?
The Salvation Army USA posted a Facebook Live video offering a tour of the new DMG Foods on its grand opening day!
According to the Salvation Army, DMG Foods is the first grocery store in the nation to bring together social service with a traditional grocery shopping experience. It plans on providing nutritional guidance, shopping education, and meal planning and workforce development to its shoppers.
This sounds like an innovative idea. What do you think of the Salvation Army's new grocery store?
This story originally appeared on Simplemost. Checkout Simplemost for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Paloma Villicana is a bilingual sports anchor and reporter for ABC WOAY-TV in West Virginia. They report on local, collegiate, and professional sports during the week. Read More
An important message to all REV Television subscribers:
We are constantly advocating for our customers to ensure that they get the best content possible, especially in the current challenging environment. The recent removal of FOX News and FOX Business channels on channels 406 and 410, was a decision that we did not take lightly.
In our contractual negotiations with FOX for the next five years, the rates presented by FOX became so high that it would now be one of the most expensive channels in our line-up, with plans for more increases over the next five years. The new contract would have made FOX News the most expensive news channel; more expensive than CNN, MSNBC and BBC NEWS combined, yet representing a very small percentage of the news viewership in The Bahamas.
We want to ensure that all our customers have a wide range of content. When part of that content becomes too expensive, we look for similar content to replace it. A good example of this effort is replacing FOX News with One America News Network. One America News strives to deliver credible national and international news coverage throughout the day while its prime time political talk shows illustrate a conservative perspective. Accordingly, we believe we have respected our commitment to diversity. It is also the fastest growing TV news station the United States.
We understand that each channel in our line-up has fans and we want to assure you that any changes we make to our line-up are not taken lightly. We are working very hard to provide the best possible experience to our TV subscribers and we hope that you will give One America News a try to see how it stacks up.
We hope this helps to clarify the reasons behind the change, while at the same time we do respect your position on the channel.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
President Donald Trump on Monday evening complained the “fake news media will never be truly satisfied” by their belated denunciation of white supremacists and other hate groups, two days after violence erupted after a rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
“Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied,” Trump tweeted. “Truly bad people!”
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied…truly bad people! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Trump finally condemned “the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups” on Monday, two days after violence erupted at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville.
In their initial response, Trump condemned “violence on many sides,” but failed to condemn white supremacy or hate groups. They faced wide backlash for those remarks and was slow to amend them, though the President was quick to attack a CEO who announced their departure from the White House's manufacturing council over Trump's failure to do so.
It took Trump 54 minutes to attack Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier after Frazier announced their resignation on Monday. It took them two days to clarify their response to the violence in Charlottesville and add, “Racism is evil.”
BLUEFIELD, VA– Bluefield College received one of their largest donations in history allowing them to finish and name their School of Business.
The exact amount of Dr. Donald W. Caudill's donation is not being released, but it is one of the largest individual gifts ever given to Bluefield College and the first endowed gift for an academic department. The gift will enable the college to transition its Department of Business into the Dr. Donald W. Caudill School of Business.
Caudill's gift will be used to develop new academic programs and degrees within the School of Business. It will also be used to hire new faculty for the growing number of programs. In addition, it will be used to expand existing business curriculums and improve or create new instructional space.
And as an endowed gift, Dr. Caudill's generosity will make a difference not just now, but virtually forever. With endowed gifts, seed funds are invested and only earnings from the principal are used for expenditures. As a result, the original gift remains indefinitely and provides a source of revenue for growth and development in perpetuity.
Comments
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
Peru's President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski speaks during an interview at the Reuters Latin American Investment Summit in Lima, Peru August 11, 2017.
LIMA (Reuters) - President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski told Reuters Friday that they were more focused on improving government administration by cutting red tape than on proposing new economic reforms as growth slows to a likely 2.5 percent or "maybe a little bit more" this year.
In an interview for Reuters Latin American Investment Summit, Kuczynski said economic growth in Peru was gathering steam and would likely show an "important change" in coming months, thanks to recovering internal credit and increasing prices for the Andean nation's key copper and gold exports.
Severe flooding and a massive graft scandal involving Brazilian builder Odebrecht early this year knocked 2 percentage points off the government's initial 4.5 percent growth forecast for this year.
"It's disappointing but that's how life is," Kuczynski, a former Wall Street banker and World Bank economist, said in the presidential palace in Lima's historic center.
But Peru's growth prospects going forward are solid, Kuczynski added, shrugging off questions about whether they might propose new economic reforms.
"Everyone talks about reforms and more reforms," said Kuczynski. "In Peru, we don't need a lot of legislation. We already have more than 32,000 laws. What we need is good administration. And administration has become...impeded by too many regulations, bureaucracy, paperwork."
The central government's payroll rose sharply during the term of ex-President Ollanta Humala, swelling Peru's already-bloated bureaucracy even more, Kuczynski said. But they ruled out any lay-offs, saying they would instead work to make public administration more efficient as the economy expands.
Companies in Peru have long complained about slow government approvals that stalls investments. At the same time, government offices in Peru, from ministries to small municipalities, often fail to spend all of their budgets - delaying public work projects that could drive growth.
Kuczynski said their government was now in the final stages of fine-tuning the rules for new laws that will slash red tape.
"Almost all of it is ready," Kuczynski said.
Last year, Kuczynski's government posted a fiscal deficit equal to 2.6 percent of gross domestic product, missing its 3 percent target as it strove to balance pleasing credit ratings agencies with providing a stimulus to bolster domestic demand.
"Things might have been done better," said Kuczynski, a centrist who took office a year ago. "Peru has a very modest fiscal deficit."
Kuczynski's government now aims to post a 3 percent deficit this year before widening it to 3.5 percent in 2018 as it rebuilds infrastructure in parts of Peru hit by flooding.
"Peru has a strong internal economy. We're seeing it now. Cement sales, for example, are recovering after falling for three years," Kuczynski said.
Follow Reuters Summits on Twitter @Reuters_Summits.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Russian President and presidential candidate Vladimir Putin meets with other candidates in the poll, a day after the presidential election, at the Kremlin, in Moscow, on Monday (AFP photo)
MOSCOW — Russian President Vladimir Putin struck a softer tone towards the West on Monday after winning their biggest ever election victory, saying they had no desire for an arms race and would do everything they could to resolve differences with other countries.
Putin's victory, which comes at a time when their relations with the West are on a hostile trajectory, will extend their political dominance of Russia by six years to 2024. That will make them the longest-serving ruler since Soviet dictator Josef Stalin and has raised Western fears of spiralling confrontation.
But Putin, 65, used a Kremlin meeting with the candidates they soundly defeated in Sunday's election to signal their desire to focus on domestic, not international, matters, and to try to raise living standards by investing more in education, infrastructure and health while reducing defence spending.
“Nobody plans to accelerate an arms race,” said Putin.
“We will do everything to resolve all the differences with our partners using political and diplomatic channels.”
Their comments, which are likely to be heard with some scepticism in the West following years of confrontation, mark a change in tone after a bellicose election campaign during which Putin unveiled new nuclear weapons they said could strike almost any point in the world.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel wished Putin success and called for more dialogue. But Russia is currently at odds with the West over Syria and Ukraine; allegations of cyberattacks and meddling in foreign elections; and the poisoning in Britain of a former Russian spy and their daughter. As a result, relations with the West have hit a post-Cold-War low.
Free and fair?
With nearly 100 per cent of the votes counted, the Central Election Commission (CEC), announced that Putin, who has run Russia as president or prime minister since 1999, had won 76.69 per cent of the vote.
With more than 56 million votes, it was Putin's biggest ever win and the largest by any post-Soviet Russian leader.
But the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), a rights watchdog, said restrictions on fundamental freedoms, as well as on candidate registration, had restricted the scope for political engagement and crimped competition.
“Choice without real competition, as we have seen here, is not real choice,” the OSCE said in a statement.
The CEC said earlier on Monday it had not registered any serious complaints of violations.
Backed by state TV and the ruling party, and credited with an approval rating of around 80 per cent, Putin faced no credible threat from a field of seven challengers.
Their nearest rival, Communist Party candidate Pavel Grudinin, won 11.8 per cent while nationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky got 5.6 per cent. Their most vocal opponent, anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny, was barred from running.
Navalny, who had called on voters to boycott the election, urged their supporters not to lose heart and said their campaign had succeeded in lowering the turnout, accusing authorities of being forced to falsify the numbers.
Exit strategy?
Near-final figures put turnout at 67.7 per cent, just shy of the 70 per cent the Kremlin was reported to have been aiming for before the vote.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov played down suggestions that tensions with the West had boosted turnout, saying the result showed that Russians were united behind Putin's plans to develop the country. They said Putin would spend the day fielding calls of congratulation, meeting supporters, and holding talks with the losing candidates.
Chinese President Xi Jinping was among the first to offer their congratulations to Putin, but Heiko Maas, Germany's new foreign minister, questioned whether there had been fair political competition.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel later told Putin: “It is more important than ever that we pursue dialogue and promote relations between our countries and peoples,” according to a German government statement.
Putin also spoke to French President Emmanuel Macron and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan by phone. Macron wished Russia and its people success in modernising the country, while Erdoğan spoke with Putin about joint efforts by Moscow and Ankara to resolve the Syria crisis.
A White House spokesperson said the United States was not surprised by the outcome of the election and no phone call was scheduled between Putin and US President Donald Trump.
How long Putin wants to stay in power remains uncertain.
The constitution limits the president to two successive terms, obliging them to step down at the end of their new mandate.
Asked after their re-election if they would run for yet another term in the future, Putin laughed off the idea.
“Let's count. What, do you think I will sit [in power] until I'm 100 years old?” they said, calling the question “funny”.
Although Putin has six years to consider a possible successor, uncertainty about their future is a potential source of instability in a fractious ruling elite that only they can keep in check.
“The longer they stay in power, the harder it will be to exit,” said Andrei Kolesnikov, senior fellow at the Carnegie Moscow Center, a think tank. “How can they abandon such a complicated system, which is essentially their personal project?”
Ladies of Kilkenny. Fógra. The county is down an eligible bachelor. The Cats may not have been involved in the latter stages of the Allianz League this season but their intercounty playing window was fully availed of by one of the local hurling heroes.
Congrats to 2014 All Ireland winning, senior hurling captain Lester Ryan of Clara GAA club who has married their sweetheart, Niamh O'Donoghue from Drakelands, Kilkenny at Tabernacle Chapel, underneath St Mary's Cathedral, in the centre of the city.
However Lester won't have much time for a honeymoon as they are playing for Clara in the first round of the Kilkenny senior league on Friday evening against Danesfort in Bennettsbridge.
Niamh is unlikely to be giving new hubby any grief over their sporting commitments though as they play camogie with the Dicksboro club and is a daughter of hurley maker, Tom O'Donoghue and their wife Margaret.
They also have two brothers, Eddie and Enda, who will be involved with Dicksboro in their opening senior hurling league match on Sunday.
Congrats to the happy couple! I'm sure Lester will be hoping they will not be in a position to take a honeymoon until October and after an extended run with club and county!
Leonard's 37 Points Lead Spurs by Grizzlies 96-82
SAN ANTONIO (AP) _ Kawhi Leonard had a postseason career-high 37 points and
added 11 rebounds and the San Antonio Spurs beat the Memphis Grizzlies 96-82 on
Monday night to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round series.
San Antonio led for all but 13 seconds in winning its 10th consecutive
postseason game over Memphis.
Leonard finished the game 9 for 14 from the field and was 19 for 19 on free
throws.
Tony Parker added 15 points for the Spurs, who had three others score in double
figures.
Mike Conley scored 24 points, Zach Randolph had 18 points and Marc Gasol added
12 points for the Grizzlies.
Game 3 is Thursday night in Memphis.
NORFOLK, Va. — Randy Haynes scored 16 points with four 3-pointers, B.J. Stith, Ahmad Caver and Xavier Green added 11 points apiece, and Old Dominion held off UAB 65-60 on Saturday night.
Trey Porter scored 10 points with nine rebounds for the Monarchs (17-5, 8-2 Conference USA), who scored 23 points off of 18 Blazers turnovers.
Chris Cokley scored eight straight and UAB led 39-34 early in the second half, but the Monarchs stayed close and led 52-51 on Caver's 3 with 5:19 to go. The lead traded hands until Porter's jumper put Old Dominion up 60-58 with 1:58 left. UAB closed to 63-60 on Nick Norton's layup with eight seconds left, but B.J. Stith iced it with two free throws and Norton's 3 at the buzzer missed.
Old Dominion led 30-29 at halftime on Haynes' 3-pointer after eight lead changes and 10 ties.
THANK FRANCO What It'd Sound Like If Tommy Wiseau Starred In Your Favorite Video Games
James Franco has provided us with a gift: now we know what "Fallout" would be like if Tommy Wiseau got the narrator role instead of Ron Perlman.
It's a sign of the times that seemingly all surf shops must now come equipped with a Slayer espresso machine operated by a pretentious barista. No longer contented to simply fondle a few handshapes and leave with bar of wax, surfers--particularly urban-based surfers--also need an exotically sourced pour-over from a third-wave coffee purveyor and a selection of artisanal baked goods, while they scope out new surf crafts. It's clear that the needs of surfers have evolved quite a bit since the post-war years of Kivlin, Quigg and company, content to eat canned meats and retire to improvisational thatched-roof shelters after hours of riding waves on the North Shore. Today, it seems that coast-adjacent, dense, urban areas best meet the needs of the contemporary surfer.
In the gig economy, cities--regional and global centers of industry, commerce, and culture--are where the jobs are. Modern cities have become walk-able, gastronomic and booze-centric, tolerant and progressive playgrounds for a Millennial generation primed to live and work in a more communal, stimulating environment. And when you stir in an accessible coastline and roughly a hundred days of ridable waves per year, a city can also provide a surfer a dynamic and balanced existence.
So in case you're considering a relocation opportunity, we pored over job statistics, surf reports, and city guides--taking into consideration surf proximity and quality, employment opportunities, and quality of life--to narrow down the world's best surf cities. The list we've assembled includes ten world centers, economic hubs revered for their cultural institutions where one can find a steady job and consistent-enough surf to satiate the most wave-obsessed among us. These are cities where, even if you're resigned to only surf with the weekend warrior crowd, you'll never be bored--provided you haven't handed over all your disposable income to some pretentious barista.
Concluding the list…
Sydney, New South Wales
Australia
WAVES:
Sydney is the globally recognized epicenter of the wave-rich NSW coastline. Cut down the middle by the world's largest natural harbors, both sides of which boast a seemingly endless array of sandy beaches and headlands, warm-to-mild year-round water temperatures, sunny days, and options (so many options) await Sydney's economic participants of every stripe, from the bohemian hustler to the rat-racer. The city's two most popular beaches, Bondi and Manly, face opposite directions, protecting from nor'easter onshores in the summer and magnifying wintertime north swells, respectively. Sure, the quality of surf pales in comparison to other regions in NSW, but with ridable to well-above average waves within close proximity to the city center, and the rest of the NSW coastline within striking distance, Sydney's easily one of the best cities in the world to be a surfer.
JOB MARKET
It's one of the most expensive cities in the world, so to live Sydney, you'll need gainful employment and/or the capacity and skillset to hold down a side-hustle, or two. The fashion capital of a hyper-stylized country, opportunities in the creative sector, while highly competitive, abound. The city is also a global financial center–financial services account for nearly half of Sydney's economic impact--and with a great many multinational firms keeping offices here, it's possible you could be one of the ex-pats lucky enough to receive a transfer to Sydney. Meanwhile, with thousands of tourists, as well as commuters from the surrounding suburbs, pouring into the city each and everyday, and an endless amount of bars and restaurants popping up to serve them, service industry jobs are plentiful, though not often lucrative enough to match the high weekly housing costs. Again, be prepared to hustle.
QUALITY OF LIFE:
With beautiful weather and gourgeous beaches, superlative restaurants and bars, an infectious entrepreneurial and creative spirit, and lots of economic opportunity, there's a reason there are more than 5 million "Sydneysiders," currently–and more moving here everyday--despite Sydney being one of the most expensive cities in the world. If you've got moderately low standards for wave quality, with ridable surf nearly everyday, you'll be satiated during the work week, and--if you take the time to venture out--stoked on what the rest of NSW has to offer.
Median Income: $66,250
Top Industries: Financial services, Tourism, Retail, Entertainment, Transportation and Logistics
Median Home Price: $950/Sq. Ft.
Median Rental Price: $2,000/month for a 1BR in city center
Population: 5,050,000
Water Temperature Range: 61-77F
Surf Spots: Bondi, Manly, Maroubra, Cronulla
10 Best Surf Cities in the World: San Francisco
10 Best Surf Cities in the World: Cape Town
10 Best Surf Cities in the World: New York City
10 Best Surf Cities in the World: Honolulu
10 Best Surf Cities in the World: Tel Aviv
10 Best Surf Cities in the World: Lisbon
10 Best Surf Cities in the World: Bilbao
10 Best Surf Cities in the World: Rio de Janeiro
10 Best Surf Cities in the World: Los Angeles
CHIPPEWA VALLEY — A Wisconsin father is getting a lot of positive attention for their decision to get a tattoo to support their son's battle with a rare condition.
“I saw another father who did the same thing. Their son had a brain tumor, and they did it to boost the confidence of their child, and that's kind of the same reason I'm doing it,” Jeremy Cortner said.
They say scars are like battle wounds, but Cortner isn't the one fighting. Their son is.
“I've seen this scar before, just not on my own head,” Cortner said.
The design stretches from ear to ear. They had it done at Rezurrection Tattoo in Eau Claire — all for their six-year-old son Casey, who will be facing their second round of surgery in July.
“My son Casey had a craniosynostosis. That's when the sutures in their head fuse prematurely, so they did a surgery to kind of let the brain have room to grow again,” Cortner said.
Cortner said next month, doctors will repair soft spots on their skull, ones they say haven't healed since their first surgery, nearly six years ago.
“They're probably about one to two inches wide, so they're using 3D technology to go in and fill those spots. If we didn't do that, their brain couldn't grow and that would, they would potentially lose their sight and their hearing and their ability to learn because their brain couldn't utilize the room that it should,” Amy Cortner, Casey's mother said.
“I want them to know that they shouldn't feel isolated or alone with their scar,” Jeremy Cortner said. “I get to choose this. They don't get to choose his, you know? When they look back, and thinks about their surgery, maybe some positive memories will come out of something special my dad did for me instead of just the negative parts of it of how painful it was.”
“He can even refer to their dad even instead of himself, or they can say, ‘Look, we're the same,' you know? So they don't feel so alone,” Amy Cortner said.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The ambassador said that Lisbos remains committed to taking part in international peacekeeping operations in response to the question regarding importance of UN mission in the Central African Republic, comprising 160 Portuguese military.
"Missions of Portugal's Armed Forces in foreign countries… are a very important vector of our foreign policy, because we, as other members of NATO and the European Union, are making great efforts, including from a financial point of view, to participate in the largest possible number of such missions to fight terrorism, or… in such situations when it is necessary to ensure respect for human rights," de Matos said.
They pointed out that Portugal had always paid great attention to human rights issue and such missions.
The CAR in 2013 has been engulfed by a civil war since 2013. Peacekeepers have been deployed to the CAR in 2014 to maintain a fragile peace between Islamic Seleka rebels and Christian militias.
United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in the Central African Republic (MINUSCA) was launched in April 2014, replacing African-led International Support Mission in the Central African Republic (MISCA). It comprises almost 13,100 personnel, including over 12,000 of uniformed personnel, 760 civilian personnel and over 200 UN volunteers. The approved budget for July 2016-June 2017 amounts for over $920 million.
An exhaustive global analysis of rainfall and rivers shows signs of a radical shift in streamflow patterns, with more intense flooding in cities and smaller catchments coupled with a drier countryside
An exhaustive global analysis of rainfall and rivers shows signs of a radical shift in streamflow patterns, with more intense flooding in cities and smaller catchments coupled with a drier countryside.
Drier soils and reduced water flow in rural areas - but more intense rainfall that overwhelms infrastructure and causes flooding and stormwater overflow in urban centres. That's the finding of an exhaustive study of the world's river systems, based on data collected from more than 43,000 rainfall stations and 5,300 rivers monitoring sites across 160 countries.
The study, by engineers at University of New South Wales in Sydney and which appears in the latest issue of the journal Scientific Reports, explored how rising local temperatures due to climate change might be affecting river flows.
As expected, it found warmer temperatures lead to more intense storms, which makes sense: a warming atmosphere means warmer air, and warmer air can store more moisture. So when the rains do come, there is a lot more water in the air to fall, and hence, rainfall is more intense.
But there's been a growing puzzle: why is flooding not increasing at the same rate as the higher rainfall?
The answer turned out to be the other facet of rising temperatures: more evaporation from moist soils is causing them to become drier before any new rain occurs - moist soils that are needed in rural areas to sustain vegetation and livestock. Meanwhile, small catchments and urban areas, where there are limited expanses of soil to capture and retain moisture, the same intense downpours become equally intense floods, overwhelming stormwater infrastructure and disrupting life.
"Once we sorted through the masses of data, this pattern was very clear," said Ashish Sharma, a professor of hydrology at UNSW's School of Civil and Environmental Engineering. "The fact that we relied on observed flow and rainfall data from across the world, instead of uncertain model simulations, means we are seeing a real-world effect - one that was not at all apparent before."
"It's a double whammy," said Conrad Wasko, lead author of the paper and postdoctoral fellow at UNSW's Water Research Centre. "People are increasingly migrating to cities, where flooding is getting worse. At the same time, we need adequate flows in rural areas to sustain the agriculture to supply these burgeoning urban populations".
Global flood damage cost more than US$50 billion in 2013; this is expected to more than double in the next 20 years as extreme storms and rainfall intensify and growing numbers of people move into urban centres. Meanwhile, global population over the next 20 years is forecast to rise another 23% from today's 7.3 billion to 9 billion - requiring added productivity and hence greater water security. The reduction in flows noted by this study makes this an even bigger challenge than before.
"We need to adapt to this emerging reality," said Sharma. "We may need to do what was done to make previously uninhabitable places liveable: engineer catchments to ensure stable and controlled access to water. Places such as California, or much of the Netherlands, thrive due to extensive civil engineering. Perhaps a similar effort is needed to deal with the consequences of a changing climate as we enter an era where water availability is not as reliable as before."
"Climate change keeps delivering us unpleasant surprises," said Mark Hoffman, UNSW's Dean of Engineering. "Nevertheless, as engineers, our role is to identify the problem and develop solutions. Knowing the problem is often half the battle, and this study has definitely identified a major one."
Rainfall data used in the study was collected from the Global Historical Climatology Network, which contains records from over 100,000 weather stations in 180 countries and is managed by the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. River flow data came from the Global Runoff Database, run by Germany's Federal Institute of Hydrology, which relies on river discharge information collected daily or monthly from more than 9,300 stations in 160 countries.
###
IMAGES AND BACKGROUND AVAILABLE
Photos: Prof Ashish Sharma and Dr Conrad Wasko at UNSW, in their lab in UNSW's Water Research Centre, and the California State Water Project.
Scientific paper: Original paper published in Scientific Reports.
BACKGROUND ON UNSW'S FACULTY OF ENGINEERING
UNSW's Faculty of Engineering is the powerhouse of engineering research in Australia, comprising of nine schools, 32 research centres and participating or leading 10 Cooperative Research Centres. It is ranked in the world's top 50 engineering faculties, 11th in the world in civil engineering and 6th in the world in water resources. The faculty is home to Australia's largest cohort of engineering undergraduate, postgraduate, domestic and international students. UNSW is ranked #1 in Australia for producing millionaires (#33 globally) and ranked #1 in Australia for graduates who create technology start-ups.
LAS VEGAS Warner Bros presented "Wonder Woman", "Blade Runner 2049" and other upcoming films at CinemaCon, a four-day movie convention held in Las Vegas.
Oscar nominee Ryan Gosling, star of the anticipated sequel to 1982 cult film "Blade Runner", appeared at the event this week with a lineup of other stars.
"I feel so lucky to be a part of this film because it's so iconic and it had such an impact on me, it had such an impact on cinema in general," the actor said of the movie, presented by both Warner Bros and Sony Pictures and due out later this year.
Other films presented included the DC comic book adaptation of "Wonder Woman" starring Israeli actor Gal Gadot and "King Arthur: Legend of the Sword", directed by Guy Ritchie.
Hollywood studios showcase their upcoming releases to the film industry at the convention which started in 2011.
(This version of the story was corrected to remove reference to Wednesday in paragraph 2)
(Reporting By Rollo Ross; Writing by Marie-Louise Gumuchian; Editing by Vin Shahrestani)
A team of archaeologists, led by Cat Jarman from the University of Bristol's Department of Anthropology and Archaeology, has discovered that a mass grave uncovered in the 1980s dates to the Viking Age and may have been a burial site of the Viking Great Army war dead.
Although the remains were initially thought to be associated with the Vikings, radiocarbon dates seemed to suggest the grave consisted of bones collected over several centuries. New scientific research now shows that this was not the case and that the bones are all consistent with a date in the late 9th century. Historical records state that the Viking Great Army wintered in Repton, Derbyshire, in 873 A.D. and drove the Mercian king into exile.
Excavations led by archaeologists Martin Biddle and Birthe Kjølbye-Biddle at St Wystan's Church in Repton in the 1970s and 1980s discovered several Viking graves and a charnel deposit of nearly 300 people underneath a shallow mound in the vicarage garden.
The mound appears to have been a burial monument linked to the Great Army.
An Anglo-Saxon building, possibly a royal mausoleum, was cut down and partially ruined, before being turned into a burial chamber.
One room was packed with the commingled remains of at least 264 people, around 20 percent of whom were women. Among the bones were Viking weapons and artefacts, including an axe, several knives, and five silver pennies dating to the period 872-875 A.D. 80 percent of the remains were men, mostly aged 18 to 45, with several showing signs of violent injury.
During the excavations, everything pointed to the burial's association with the Viking Great Army, but confusingly, initial radiocarbon dates suggested otherwise. It seemed to contain a mix of bones of different ages, meaning that they could not all have been from the Viking Age.
Now, new dating proves that they are all consistent with a single date in the 9th century and therefore with the Viking Great Army.
Cat Jarman said: "The previous radiocarbon dates from this site were all affected by something called marine reservoir effects, which is what made them seem too old.
"When we eat fish or other marine foods, we incorporate carbon into our bones that is much older than in terrestrial foods. This confuses radiocarbon dates from archaeological bone material and we need to correct for it by estimating how much seafood each individual ate."
A double grave from the site - one of the only Viking weapon graves found in the country - was also dated, yielding a date range of 873-886 A.D.
The grave contained two men, the eldest of whom was buried with a Thor's hammer pendant, a Viking sword, and several other artefacts.
They had received numerous fatal injuries around the time of death, including a large cut to their left femur. Intriguingly, a boar's tusk had been placed between their legs, and it has been suggested that the injury may have severed their penis or testicles, and that the tusk was there to replace what they had lost in preparation for the after-world.
The new dates now show that these burials could be consistent with members of the Viking Great Army.
Outside the charnel mound another extraordinary grave can now be shown to be likely to relate to the Vikings in Repton as well.
Four juveniles, aged between eight and 18, were buried together in a single grave with a sheep jaw at their feet.
Next to them large stones may have held a marker, and the grave was placed near the entrance to the mass grave. At least two of the juveniles have signs of traumatic injury. The excavators suggested this may have been a ritual grave, paralleling accounts of sacrificial killings to accompany Viking dead from historical accounts elsewhere in the Viking world. The new radiocarbon dates can now place this burial into the time period of 872-885 A.D.
Cat Jarman added: "The date of the Repton charnel bones is important because we know very little about the first Viking raiders that went on to become part of considerable Scandinavian settlement of England.
"Although these new radiocarbon dates don't prove that these were Viking army members it now seems very likely. It also shows how new techniques can be used to reassess and finally solve centuries old mysteries."
###
Paper:
'The Viking Great Army in England: new dates from the Repton charnel' - by Catrine L. Jarman (1), Martin Biddle (2), Tom Higham (3) & Christopher Bronk Ramsey (3) in Antiquity. Volume 92, Issue 361, February 2018
(1) Department of Anthropology and Archaeology, University of Bristol (2) Winchester Research Unit
(3) Oxford Radiocarbon Accelerator Unit, University of Oxford
Article hyperlink: https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 15184/ aqy. 2017. 196
Important notice: this link will not be live until the article appears on Antiquity's Cambridge Core page. The journal estimates this to be Friday, February 2, but please check before posting any copy.
John Stamos said goodbye to one of their dearest friends in an emotional tribute on Instagram Friday.
The Fuller House actor, 54, shared an aged photo of themselves and the vocalist for the 1060s Californian Surf band Papa Doo Run Run, Jimi-Jo Rush, who died on Jan. 24 from the “after effects of chemo,” according to the band's Facebook page.
“#RIP One of my best friends, Jimi-Jo Rush. A brother, hero and mentor,” Stamos wrote on Instagram. “Turned me on to Surf Music w/ their band Papa Doo Run Run at Disneyland, changing my life forever.”
They added, “Generous to a fault, sadly leaving the fam with some debt. If you feel it, check out Gofundme, link in bio. God Bless you Jimi-Jo- the world will never be the same!”
Stamos asked anyone to donate to Rush's GoFundMe page, which is trying to raise $10,000 to cover their funeral and any debt their family is left.
In the page, the actor called Rush a “BAD A—,” saying, “He was a ROCK. They were charismatic and colorful, and to me, bigger than life.”
“He had confidence that far exceeded their talent — but who needs talent when you're as cool as James Dean, Dennis Wilson and Mick Jagger all rolled into one,” they added.
Stamos revealed Rush had been their father's best friend, as well as their own, who “watched over me, protected me and helped shape who I am today.”
They continued, “And not just me, they were good to so many people that were lucky enough to enter their life. The most generous man I ever met – generous to a fault. He'd give you their last dollar and the tank top off their back. Sadly, their overly generous ways left their lovely wife, Debbie Rush, and their family, with little but happy memories.”
The Papa Doo Run Run Facebook page said Rush was diagnosed and treated for throat cancer several years ago, and stating that their death was caused by the “after-effects and scar tissue from the chemo and radiation” which was “devastating.”
“For the past couple of years they were in constant pain, had difficulty swallowing, and extremely frustrated with the whole ordeal,” the post read. “He took some time off from the band to heal and hopefully make themselves strong again, but they never got there. They fell asleep last night and just never woke up, making a peaceful transition to the afterlife. God speed, Jimi-Jo.”
Rush is survived by their wife Debbie, their daughter Kathy from a previous relationship, and their brother, Charlie.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Russia will hold a briefing at the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) on Thursday, at which people who witnessed the process of staging the recent chemical incident in the Syrian town of Douma will be present, a spokesperson of Russia's Permanent Representation to the OPCW told Sputnik on Tuesday.
Earlier in the month, an 11-year-old Syrian boy named Hassan Diab and their father told the Rossiya 24 TV channel that children got food for featuring in a video that allegedly showed the outcome of what was being considered a chemical attack in Duma. On Sunday, Alexander Shulgin, Russia's permanent representative to the OPCW, said that they would do their utmost to organize the boy's visit to the OPCW so that they could to testify about the staged nature of the incident.
© Sputnik / Mikhail Voskresenskiy Syrian Doctor Reveals Why There Was No Chemical Attack in Douma
According to the spokesperson, the briefing will take place at the headquarters of the OPCW.
After the briefing, the Russian diplomatic mission will host a press conference in the Hague, the spokesperson added.
The situation around Syria escalated in the wake of the reported chemical weapons attack in Duma on April 7. The alleged attack prompted France, the United Kingdom and the United States, all of which blamed Damascus for using hazardous substances against civilians, to fire over 100 missiles on what they called the Syrian government's chemical weapons sites.
The Syrian government and Russia have refuted the allegations, saying that the attack was staged by militants and the White Helmets group to influence public opinion and justify possible foreign intervention. In order to investigate the details of the incident, the OPCW sent a fact-finding mission to the Syrian town last week.
Diab and their father recounted the details of the White Helmets' filming process to Sputnik. According to the boy, they felt fine after the Duma incident. The boy's father confirmed that Hassan received some rice and sweets for their participation in the filming.
The Syria Civil Defense volunteer organization, also known as the White Helmets, declares itself as a non-governmental organization aimed at protecting Syrian civilians, yet a number of videos made by the group emerged, revealing that rescue operations were staged with the "victims" wearing makeup and given instructions on what to say. The rescue workers were allegedly captured on tape carrying arms and dressed in military uniform. Syrian President Bashar Assad has said that the group is affiliated with the al-Qaeda terrorist organization, which is outlawed in many countries, including Russia.
The aim of the low emission zone is to significantly improve air quality in and around Antwerp. Since 1 February the most polluting vehicles have not been allowed into the area within the Antwerp Orbital Motorway or the part of the city of Antwerp that is on the left bank of the River Schelde. However, the figure quoted in Friday's newspaper article seem to point to the low emission zone having missed its effect.
The Flemish liberal MP and Antwerp resident Willem-Frederik Schiltz (photo) told the paper that "At all the measuring stations we see an increase in the number of days on the levels of particulate matter exceeded permitted levels”. It was Mr Schiltz that asked the Flemish Environment Minister Joke Schauvliege (Christian democrat) for figures on particulate matter levels within the low emission zone.
"At 5 of the 9 measuring station the particulate matter norm has been exceeded more often than in the whole of 2016 and that is quite remarkable.”
Doctors struggle to find out what drugs people have taken
24/4/18 - A&E at Middelheim Hospital in Antwerp is regularly confronted with youngsters on drugs. Some youngsters are addicts; most are teenagers experimenting with drugs, and often alcohol, including some 10 year olds. The challenge is to identify the drugs
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
Doctors struggle to find out what drugs people have taken
24/4/18 - A&E at Middelheim Hospital in Antwerp is regularly confronted with youngsters on drugs. Some youngsters are addicts; most are teenagers experimenting with drugs, and often alcohol, including some 10 year olds. The challenge is to identify the drugs
SUBCONTRACTORS left millions of dollars out of pocket by the recent administration of Cooper & Oxley have agreed to a deal that paves the way for the builder to get back on its feet.
Director George Hampel said they were “a bit relieved” subcontractors yesterday accepted a Deed of Company Arrangement, under which they will get 6¢ to 13¢ for each dollar owing to them.
It is understood the deal was endorsed by 170 people at yesterday's creditor's meeting, with 12 votes against the DOCA.
“It is a step in the right direction,” Mr Hampel said.
“It's the subbies that I really care about — really do.”
Mr Hampel's solicitor Ben Morton said the builder had three weeks to meet certain criteria in the DOCA and, if successful as expected, it would be taken out of administration.
“I can't recall another construction company that ... has been able to get a Deed of Company Arrangement across the line,” they said.
More than 20 local building companies have gone into administration in the past two years, according to Subcontractors WA.
Subcontractors WA chairperson Louise Stewart said yesterday's decision was a bittersweet result for the subbies, who are owed $9.8 million in wages and $6.6 million in retention fees.
Ms Stewart said the deal was better than liquidation, which would have left subcontractors with no money. But some of the subbies were likely to go bankrupt.
The subbies may still get some of the money owing to them, with the builder suing Dradgin — the client on the 500 Hay Street Project — for nearly $16 million. The builder plans to use any winnings from the case to repay creditors who lost money on the Subiaco project.
Dradgin is seeking $9 million from Cooper & Oxley but the administrator claimed recently that documentation from Dradgin was “inadequate to support its claim at this point in time”.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
[India], July 4 (ANI): The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Wednesday termed the Supreme Court's verdict on Delhi Government's tussle with Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal as a big blow to Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
Tagging the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader as an "anarchist," BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra at a press conference said: " Today's verdict by the Supreme Court is a big blow to Arvind Kejriwal's anarchic ways of functioning in Delhi. It is a victory for the Constitution of India and a day of defeat for Delhi's anarchic administration. It is a good thing that SC upheld the Constitution of India and gave a decision against anarchy."
Further criticising "self-declared anarchist" Kejriwal, Patra added that the former thinks that "he themselves is the Constitution."
Patra said that the judgement of the verdict is that "the Constitution is sacrosanct, constitutional morality is extremely important, and anarchy has no place in the Indian democratic set-up".
Pronouncing its verdict on the ongoing tussle between the Centre and the elected Delhi Government, the apex court said that the LG's role cannot be obstructionist.
Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, who headed the five-judge bench comprising A.K. Sikri, A.M. Khanwilkar, D.Y. Chandrachud and Ashok Bhushan said, "L-G cannot act independently unless where the Constitution allows. L-G cannot be an obstructionist."
CJI Misra said that the L-G must work harmoniously with the state and the council of ministers has to be constantly aligned.
"L-G cannot act independently unless where the Constitution allows. L-G cannot be an obstructionist, they must take advice from the Council of Ministers. The Council has to inform the L-G of its decisions. The L-G must work harmoniously with the state, the L-G and council of ministers has to be constantly aligned. There is no space for anarchy," the CJI said.
The power tussle between the Delhi government and the Lieutenant Governor has been on since the formation of the AAP government in the state.
Recently, Kejriwal along with Delhi's Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia and others sat on a strike against L-G at the latter's office-cum-residence here. (ANI)
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Iran hopes to further develop close ties across all areas of cooperation with Russia, Iranian Ambassador to Russia Mehdi Sanaei said Tuesday.
"The visit by Iranian [President Hassan] Rouhani that took place on March 28 was another step toward developing extensive cooperation between Moscow and Tehran. We hope that we will witness even broader bilateral ties across all areas in the future," Sanaei said at an embassy event marking Iranian Army Day.
The ambassador stressed joint Russian-Iranian efforts aimed at tackling terrorism that played a significant part in enhancing bilateral cooperation.
"One of the main objectives for the Iranian army is to defend against terrorist groups that are posing a threat to regional and global security. Today they are coming into Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan and other regions. Tehran and Moscow, realizing the danger and risks posed by expanding terrorist networks in the region and across the world, have stepped up cooperation and played a notable role in upholding peace in the region," they said.
Rouhani came on an official visit to Russia on March 27-28 at Russian President Vladimir Putin's invitation. The two leaders discussed bilateral relations and investment and economic cooperation, as well as reaffirming the need to bring peace to the Middle East and wipe out terrorism from the region.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
As Mohawk's vice president of marketing services Mike Zoellner celebrates their 40th anniversary with the company, they announce their retirement from Mohawk Industries, ending a successful 40-year career in the flooring industry.
With dual degrees in applied math and computer science, Zoellner started their career as a software developer for Cort Furniture Rental, then owned by Mohawk Industries. In 1982, they began their career in the flooring industry, serving various roles in operations at Mohawk, including customer service, samples, production planning, supply chain management, sales and, eventually, the leader of information services.
“Operations gave me a solid foundation and vast understanding of the business,” Zoellner said. In the natural progression of their career, Zoellner changed gears and entered the marketing division of Mohawk Industries in 1996. The next 20 years would be a period of growth in Mohawk's history with the company actively buying brands such as Horizon, Karastan, Bigelow, Galaxy and Aladdin, to name a few. As newly appointed director of marketing for Mohawk, Zoellner played a leading role in the integration of these companies into Mohawk, including the Floorscapes launch in 1999. Their unique ability to create a collaborative, team-centered work environment transformed Mohawk marketing.
Today, as the vice president of marketing services, Zoellner leads associates in the strategy and implementation of the organization's award-winning training, digital lead generation and retailer support services. Their team has consistently ranked in Training Magazine's Top 125 and, most recently, earned Google Certification—the first U.S. manufacturer to earn the prestigious designation.
Over the years, Zoellner also has offered their time and valued expertise to multiple industry organizations. They have sat on the boards of The Carpet & Rug Institute (CRI), World Floor Covering Association (WFCA) and Floorcovering Consumer Credit Association (FCCA).
“Not only is Mike Zoellner an all-around inspirational person, but they have made significant contributions to the Mohawk organization over the years as well as the flooring industry, in general,” said Karen Mendelsohn, Mohawk's senior vice president of marketing. “On behalf of Mohawk Industries, I'd like to thank Mike for their years of dedicated service.”
In retirement, Zoellner will hardly sit still. “The most rewarding aspect of my career has been mentoring others and watching them accomplish more than they thought they could,” they explained. “I can see myself coaching others in this next chapter of my life.”
And, no doubt, Zoellner will continue in the sports they love. An avid runner and cyclist, they have completed more than 200 races and logged thousands of miles. They and three friends set a world record when they biked from California to Georgia in six days. Zoellner has qualified for six U.S. Triathlon teams and participated on four. In 1996, Zoellner had the honor of carrying the Olympic torch at the start of the Atlanta games. And in 1999, 2000 and 2005 they participated in the Ironman World Championships.
For more information, visit www.mohawkflooring.com.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Semi-truck goes off road near Sorrento, a pair of vehicles collide in Tappen
After swerving to avoid an animal on the highway, a semi truck driver drove off the road damaging some private property in the Blind Bay area.
Salmon Arm RCMP report on Oct. 5 at approximately 3 a.m. officers were called to to a collision in the 2000 Block of the Trans-Canada Highway in the Blind Bay-Sorrento area.
An Ontario-registered, westbound semi truck left the road and went into the ditch where it went across two driveways and into the trees and brush.
The driver and the co-driver, who was in the sleeper at the time of the crash, suffered minor injuries and were taken to hospital by BC Ambulance.
The driver reported that they were attempting to avoid an animal on the roadway.
No other vehicles were involved and no charges are being investigated at this time.
Another crash in Tappen
On Oct. 5 at approximately 7 p.m., the Salmon Arm RCMP attended to a two-vehicle collision in the 5000 Block of the Trans-Canada Highway at the Tappen Valley road intersection.
A Sorrento man was attempting to enter the highway and did so into the path of a vehicle which was westbound on the highway. This vehicle was operated by a female driver from Salmon Arm.
Both drivers were uninjured but both vehicles sustained heavy damage and were towed from the scene.
Traffic was snarled for a short time as the scene was being cleared.
No other vehicles were involved and no charges are being investigated at this time.
April 18, 2017
by Christopher Weber, The Associated Press
NORWALK, Calif.—A California utility has launched unique systems combining a hybrid battery and gas turbine to produce and store electricity for use during hot summer months and other times when power demand soars.
The new Hybrid Electric Gas Turbines are the first of their kind in the world, officials with Southern California Edison and manufacturer General Electric said during an event April 17 near Los Angeles.
Edison President Ron Nichols said the twin systems that went online March 30 operate somewhat like a hybrid car—drawing first on the battery, then switching over to the gas turbine if power demands spike.
Energy output is combined between turbines and new 10-megawatt lithium-ion battery storage units. As a result, the systems do not burn fuel when they're on stand-by, significantly reducing greenhouse gas emissions. And they can be turned on immediately to push power into the grid to compensate for outages or increased demand.
“The battery is there at the flick of a switch,” Nichols said.
The systems are running in Norwalk and Rancho Cucamonga at plants built to provide extra juice following an especially hot summer that strained the grid. The utility is exploring adding the hybrid systems to three other similar plants.
“You don't always get an opportunity to take an existing facility, add some new technology to it, and enhance the value and reduce the cost to customers,” Nichols said, calling the new systems “win-win.”
The systems will help balance energy supply and demand, especially during evening hours when solar power production drops as customers return home and turn on lights and appliances.
California has committed to derive 50 per cent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2030. The installation of the hybrid systems is a major step toward that goal, according to Tom Doughty of the California Independent Systems Operator, which manages the state's grid.
Doughty said the hybrid technology introduces crucial flexibility into the state system.
“The variability of one technology, or one plant, can be mitigated or managed by others,” they said, calling the new system “a thing of beauty.”
A steel caterpillar-like bridge that curls and uncurls between the city's waterfront piers is the latest ambitious proposal for public space in a reimagined west harbour.
The Hamilton Waterfront Trust is pitching the unique hydraulic bridge as a pedestrian link between future waterfront park space and an artisan market on Piers 5 and 6, under the city's $140-million west harbour redevelopment plan.
Even if plans for the caterpillar inch ahead — there's no firm budget yet or council-approved cash attached to the proposal — the showpiece bridge would not likely be built before 2020, after other planned Waterfront Trail improvements are done.
"If we go ahead with (the bridge), I expect it would be an attraction. People will want to watch," said trust head Werner Plessl following a recent presentation on its contract with the city to redesign harbourfront public space between Piers 5 and 7.
The $1-million-plus idea is not just meant for show, however.
A retractable bridge was specifically pitched to allow the sailing club and other small boats to continue using the basin between the piers, said Plessl, who noted marina accessibility has been a top concern for the Royal Hamilton Yacht Club since the harbour revamp was envisioned a decade ago.
The proposed curling structure is modelled on the famous "Rolling Bridge," built across a branch of the Grand Union Canal in London. That unique British structure was designed by Thomas Heatherwick and was the first of its kind when built for about $900,000 in 2004. The eight-segment, 12-metre steel and wood structure uncurls from an octagon shape within two minutes.
Plessl said such a bridge would cost more than $1 million today. It would need to bridge a water gap of about 20 metres, unless changes were made to the shape of each pier. They suggested the bridge could be operated remotely by the city parks department.
Barry Tyler, president of the yacht club, said he's comfortable with the latest bridge plan.
"They're telling us it should be able to be able to (curl) within about a minute and a half, which is relatively quick. That should work for us," they said. "We certainly need something other than a fixed bridge ... we have a lot of traffic coming in and out of the basin in the summer months."
[LANGUAGE WARNING]
The father of three women who have accused Larry Nassar of sexual abuse attempted to attack the disgraced U.S. Olympic Gymnastics doctor Friday morning in court.
“I would ask you as part of this sentencing grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon,” Randall Margrave asked at a sentencing hearing.
Judge Janice Cunningham denied their request, which Margrave followed up by asking if they could have just one minute with Nassar.
The judge said no to that as well, which is when the upset father lunged at Nassar.
Nassar's attorney blocked the attack and bailiffs wrestled Margrave to the ground to arrest him.
“Let me have that son of a b****,” Margrave exclaimed on the ground. “I want that son of a b****! Give me one minute with that b******.”
They were then escorted out of the courtroom.
Afterwards, families were told the use of violence against someone like Nassar was “not helping your children.”
Over 150 women have testified against Nassar for sexual abuse. The doctor faces up to 175 years in prison for abuse and child pornography charges.
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
LONDON — At least 12 people are dead and dozens injured after a massive fire rapidly tore through a 24-story apartment building in west London in the early hours of Wednesday, police said.
All 24 floors of Grenfell Tower in North Kensington were swiftly engulfed, trapping residents in their homes and reportedly forcing some to jump to escape the flames. London's fire chief, Dany Cotton, said the blaze was “unprecedented” in their 29 years of service.
Residents had reported concerns about fire safety in recent years, and questions were raised about whether a recent refurbishment of the building, in which exterior cladding was installed, contributed to the rapid spread of the fire.
Firefighters continued to search the building for survivors.
Latest developments
— 78 people were hospitalized, 18 of whom are in critical care.
— Police warn the death toll will rise and no more survivors expected.
— London Fire Brigade says it has rescued 65 people from the tower.
— Residents say they were told to stay in their apartments as the fire raged.
— 125 families live in the building, which also houses a children's nursery.
Around 200 firefighters, 40 fire trucks and 20 ambulance crews were at the scene at the height of the blaze.
“Sadly I can confirm there are now 12 people that have died that we know of. This is going to be a long and complex recovery operation and I do anticipate that the number of fatalities will sadly increase beyond those 12,” London Metropolitan Police Commander Stuart Cundy told reporters in the early evening.
“I don't anticipate there will be further survivors.”
The London Fire Brigade said it had rescued 65 people from the building and had now reached all 24 floors, though firefighters were yet to extinguish small flames in hard to reach pockets. It is unclear how many people are still unaccounted for.
Witnesses described people leaping from the building and of trapped children banging on Windows as the fire broke out at around 1 a.m. local time, while people slept.
A website run by the “Grenfell Action Group” said residents of the tower had expressed concerns over the safety of the building, specifically pointing to fire risks. Fire chiefs said it was too early to speculate on the cause of the blaze.
Rydon, the company that undertook a refurbishment of Grenfell Tower, says its work met “all required building control, fire regulation and health and safety standards.”
The company that manages the building, Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organisation, described the fire as “devastating.”
“Currently, we're focusing on helping those residents and London Fire Brigade is investigating the safety of the tower's structure but we will issue a further statement in due course,” said Robert Black, the company's chief executive.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan visited the site on Wednesday afternoon with fire officials, and said authorities would address residents' concerns as questions begin to swirl on how the blaze started and ripped up the building so quickly.
“It's really important that their questions are answered. I'll be demanding answers,” they told reporters.
Leaping from windows
According to witness accounts, some residents were told to stay inside their apartments as the fire raged. High-rise buildings are typically designed to contain fire outbreaks within floors, so it is often safer to stay in an apartment unaffected by a blaze.
But this fire seemed to tear up the building from the outside, gutting the outer apartments and blackening most of the facade.
One woman said their friend inside for three hours and was told by police to wait and put towels down to block the doors. When no one came to help, they decided to escape on their own.
Another witness said a family friend was “stuck on the eighth floor with their 5-year-old daughter” until 5 a.m., almost four hours after the fire broke out.
Turufat Yilma, who managed to escape, told CNN there was “no fire alarm at all.” They only learned of the fire when a neighbor called them
Several witnesses also described the horror of seeing people leap from the tower to save themselves.
“They literally just jumped … (they) must have thought, we're not going to sit here and suffocate,” said Samira Awil said, adding they had seen bodies of men, women and children covered in sheets outside the building.
Samira Lamrani, who lives next to Grenfell Tower, told the Press Association that they watched a woman throw their baby from a window to a man on the ground.
Survivors said they felt likely to be alive. Michael Paramasivan said they were watching TV in the building as their girlfriend and daughter slept when they smelled burning plastic. Soon they saw the smoke and chaos.
“I grabbed my little girl and ran down the stairs,” they said. “Half of the building was ablaze by the time we got out. And it was just spreading like wildfire.”
By the afternoon, emergency centers had been set up at a number of churches and posts near the building, where community members and organizations handed out food, clothes and other needs to those left with no home to return to. Members of the public were seen bringing shopping trolleys full of food to the posts.
Grenfell Tower
Grenfell Tower is part of the sprawling Lancaster West Estate, an enclave of social housing managed privately on behalf of the London Borough of Kensignton and Chelsea. While the borough is one of the most affluent in London, North Kensington is a particularly deprived district.
The tower was built in the 1970s and recently subject to a $10.9 million redevelopment, according to property firm Rydon. The building was to undergo specific improvements to fire safety and ventilation works. The web page detailing the refurbishment was unavailable for a time on Wednesday.
Local councilor Robert Atkinson told CNN that the renovation works had modernized the building. “The building needed to be brought up to date with new kitchens and new heating systems,” they said, adding that safety certificates had been issued and the council had been “told it had all been brought up to date.”
Cladding had been added to the outside of the building, blamed by some residents for helping the fire to spread so quickly.
Oklahoma City Police announced today they are searching for a missing teenager.
16-year-old Alexis Paige Townsend was last seen August 3 at their home in a neighborhood near Reno and Mustang Rd. They left the home after an argument with a family member.
Police say there is no evidence of foul play.
Police ask anyone with information as to Townsend's whereabouts call 911 immediately.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
HOUSTON - (April 17, 2017) - Microscopic probes developed at Rice University have simplified the process of measuring electrical activity in individual cells of small living animals. The technique allows a single animal like a worm to be tested again and again and could revolutionize data-gathering for disease characterization and drug interactions.
The Rice lab of electrical and computer engineer Jacob Robinson has invented "nanoscale suspended electrode arrays" -- aka nano-SPEARs -- to give researchers access to electrophysiological signals from the cells of small animals without injuring them. Nano-SPEARs replace glass pipette electrodes that must be aligned by hand each time they are used."
One of the experimental bottlenecks in studying synaptic behavior and degenerative diseases that affect the synapse is performing electrical measurements at those synapses," Robinson said. "We set out to study large groups of animals under lots of different conditions to screen drugs or test different genetic factors that relate to errors in signaling at those synapses."
The research is detailed this week in Nature Nanotechnology.
Robinson's early work at Rice focused on high-quality, high-throughput electrical characterization of individual cells. The new platform adapts the concept to probe the surface cells of nematodes, worms that make up 80 percent of all animals on Earth.
Most of what is known about muscle activity and synaptic transmission in the worms comes from the few studies that successfully used manually aligned glass pipettes to measure electrical activity from individual cells, Robinson said. However, this patch clamp technique requires time-consuming and invasive surgery that could negatively affect the data that is gathered from small research animals.
The platform developed by Robinson's team works something like a toll booth for traveling worms. As each animal passes through a narrow channel, it is temporarily immobilized and pressed against one or several nano-SPEARS that penetrate its body-wall muscle and record electrical activity from nearby cells. That animal is then released, the next is captured and measured, and so on. Robinson said the device proved much faster to use than traditional electrophysiological cell measurement techniques.
The nano-SPEARs are created using standard thin-film deposition procedures and electron-beam or photolithography and can be made from less than 200 nanometers to more than 5 microns thick, depending on the size of animal to be tested. Because the nano-SPEARs can be fabricated on either silicon or glass, the technique easily combines with fluorescence microscopy, Robinson said.
The animals suitable for probing with a nano-SPEAR can be as large as several millimeters, like hydra, cousins of the jellyfish and the subject of an upcoming study. But nematodes known as Caenorhabditis elegans were practical for several reasons: First, Robinson said, they're small enough to be compatible with microfluidic devices and nanowire electrodes. Second, there were a lot of them down the hall at the lab of Rice colleague Weiwei Zhong, who studies nematodes as transparent, easily manipulated models for signaling pathways that are common to all animals.
"I used to shy away from measuring electrophysiology because the conventional method of patch clamping is so technically challenging," said Zhong, an assistant professor of biochemistry and cell biology and co-author of the paper. "Only a few graduate students or postdocs can do it. With Jacob's device, even an undergraduate student can measure electrophysiology."
"This meshes nicely with the high-throughput phenotyping they do," Robinson said. "She can now correlate locomotive phenotypes with activity at the muscle cells. We believe that will be useful to study degenerative diseases centered around neuromuscular junctions."
In fact, the labs have begun doing so. "We are now using this setup to profile worms with neurodegenerative disease models such as Parkinson's and screen for drugs that reduce the symptoms," Zhong said. "This would not be possible using the conventional method."
Initial tests on C. elegans models for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Parkinson's disease revealed for the first time clear differences in electrophysiological responses between the two, the researchers reported. Testing the efficacy of drugs will be helped by the new ability to study small animals for long periods. "What we can do, for the first time, is look at electrical activity over a long period of time and discover interesting patterns of behavior," Robinson said.
Some worms were studied for up to an hour, and others were tested on multiple days, said lead author Daniel Gonzales, a Rice graduate student in Robinson's lab who took charge of herding nematodes through the microfluidic devices.
"It was in some way easier than working with isolated cells because the worms are larger and fairly sturdy," Gonzales said. "With cells, if there's too much pressure, they die. If they hit a wall, they die. But worms are really sturdy, so it was just a matter of getting them up against the electrodes and keeping them there."
The team constructed microfluidic arrays with multiple channels that allowed testing of many nematodes at once. In comparison with patch-clamping techniques that limit labs to studying about one animal per hour, Robinson said their team measured as many as 16 nematodes per hour.
"Because this is a silicon-based technology, making arrays and producing recording chambers in high numbers becomes a real possibility," they said.
###
Co-authors of the paper are graduate students Krishna Badhiwala and Daniel Vercosa, research technician Benjamin Avants and research scientist Zheng Liu. Robinson is an assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering.
The National Institutes of Health, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Hamill Foundation, the National Science Foundation, the Keck Center and the Gulf Coast Consortia supported the research.
Read the paper at http://dx. doi. org/ 10. 1038/ nnano. 2017. 55
This news release can be found online at http://news. rice. edu/ 2017/ 04/ 17/ nano-spears-gently-measure-electrical-signals-in-small-animals/ Follow Rice News and Media Relations via Twitter @RiceUNews
Video:
https:/ / youtu. be/ AzuCAenpQNc
CAPTION: Rice University video shows a nematode in a microfluidic channel with nano-SPEAR probes (white) measuring electrical signals from the body-wall muscle cells. (Credit: Robinson Lab/Rice University)
Related materials:
Robinson Lab: http://www. robinsonlab. com
Zhong Lab: http://wormlab. rice. edu
Images for download:
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 04/ 0417_SPEARS-1-WEB-26w117e. jpg
Rice University's Jacob Robinson, left, an assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering, watches as graduate student Daniel Gonzales assembles a microfluidic device designed to capture electrical signals from nematode muscle cells. The device simplifies the process of acquiring data and could revolutionize data-gathering for disease characterization and drug interactions. (Credit: Jeff Fitlow/Rice University)
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 04/ 0417_SPEARS-2-web-2k61tz4. jpg
A wafer created at Rice University contains multiple microfluidic channels with nano-SPEARs that can measure electrical signals from the cells of nematodes. The high-throughput technology can be adapted for other small animals and could enhance data-gathering for disease characterization and drug interactions. (Credit: Robinson Lab/Rice University)
http://news. rice. edu/ files/ 2017/ 04/ 0417_SPEARS-4-web-1o8kux8. jpg
A scanning electron micrograph shows a nano-SPEAR suspended midway between layers of silicon (grey) and photoresist material (pink) that form a recording chamber for immobilized nematodes. The high-throughput technology developed at Rice University can be adapted for other small animals and could enhance data-gathering for disease characterization and drug interactions. (Credit: Robinson Lab/Rice University)
HARPURSVILLE, N.Y. — Millions have been watching April the giraffe's livestream, but, on Monday, zoo officials said they will pull the video feed after April suffered an injury.
Animal Adventure Park posted on Facebook that, just days after giving birth to their calf, April twisted one of their legs, which zoo officials say is not uncommon with animals them size.
The park added that they've been bogged down with messages about April, which have been affecting their email servers and say it's the reason why they're taking down the “Giraffe Cam.”
As of Monday evening, the livestream was still running.
April has been the subject of international attention since the live feed was turned on in February. On Saturday, after months of anticipation, April gave birth to their fourth calf.
The Animal Adventure Park currently has a contest underway to name the male calf. It costs $1 to cast a vote, and the park says the money will go to three different causes: giraffe conservation, “Ava's Little Heroes” – an event named after the park owners' daughter who suffers from a rare form of epilepsy – and to further improvements at Animal Adventure Park.
Turn The Holiday into your permanent home — no online swap or bad breakups required.
The house that served as the exterior of Cameron Diaz's California mansion in the popular film can be yours: It's now on the market for $11.8 million with realtors Brent Change and Linda Change of Compass.
Alamy
Although it was technically home to Diaz's high-powered character, Amanda, it was Kate Winslet's Iris who spent the most on-screen time at the 7-bed, 6-bath estate. The exterior and backyard were the only two spaces to be featured in the movie (the stunning interiors were likely sets crafted by design queen Nancy Meyers), but there are plenty of camera-ready features this “landmark two story” has to offer.
RELATED: Gilmore Girls‘ Lauren Graham Sells New York City Apartment for $825K: See Inside
Don Lewis
Don Lewis
Potential buyers enter the property, which was designed by architect Wallace Neff, through a set of gates that open into the façade's court. The centerpiece of the striking welcome is a center fountain, surrounded by plants. The rest of the grounds are no less extravagant, and include a formal rose garden, an inner courtyard, a spa, a pool, a tennis court and a BBQ area.
Don Lewis
Don Lewis
In the living room, original details like coved ceilings, iron sconces and an oversize fireplace welcome guests. A stunning library with a carved wood ceiling is another standout, but a second family room that opens out to the pool is equally impressive.
RELATED: Prince's Private Island Estate Will Be Sold At Auction: See Inside
Don Lewis
Don Lewis
The kitchen boasts hand-painted tile, a generous sized island and an adjacent breakfast area. A basement media room and formal dining room also come with the San Marino property.
Though the star-studded cast — which extends to the main ladies' love interests, played by Jack Black and Jude Law — won't likely be hanging around, the new owners will feel almost as famous after scooping up this Hollywood retreat.
IT'S the business end in terms of the Melbourne Jockey's Premiership and in their almost annual fashion, Craig Williams has come to the fore.
As they seem to do every year Williams stamps out their rivals with a big haul and on Wednesday they rode a winning treble at Sandown Hillside to take a grip on the title they covet.
Williams rode three of the first four winners to at one stage stretch their lead to five over Damian Lane who they trailed by one a week ago.
Lane rode the final race winner Onslaught to reduce the deficit to four.
Camera Icon Jockey Craig Williams has a firm hold on the premiership. Picture: AAP
Williams has won six premierships including the past two titles and is desperate to record another one.
Williams's winner began in the second race on Ben Hercules which was followed by Legale and Sydney stayer Villardo.
After riding the final winner Lane, who hasn't won a title, said winning the premiership was in the back of their mind.
“I'm going to take it as it comes. I'll keep turning up and what will be,” Lane said.
DOODT BAN
Ballarat apprentice Lucinda Doodt incurred the wrath of the flight attendants who suspended them for 10 meetings for not riding out Pria Eclipse to the line in the fifth race.
RACEDAY FOCUS: Best bets for Cranbourne
Pria Eclipse, who started as a $2.60 favourite finished third but flight attendants said they should have finished second.
GRACE OFF THE MARK
It was a memorable day for 19 year-old apprentice Harry Grace who rode their first city winner when successful on $41 outside Seductive Miss in the Benchmark 64 (1300m) for three-year-old fillies.
Grace had to use their vigour to hold off the challenge of fellow apprentice Zac Spain on Shalwa and defeated them by a short half head.
Camera Icon Apprentice hoop Harry Grace riding Seductive Miss to their maiden. Picture: Getty Images, Getty
“At the start of the season I wanted to be at least riding in town and hopefully get a city winner by the end of it anyway,” Grace said.
“Especially for John (Salinitri), he's been pretty good to me, I think it's the second winner I have had for them this week.
“I have been very happy, I have ridden a few of these midweeks now and I have only just missed out the last couple of times, but it's good to finally get a few winners up.”
SARAH ON A ROLL
Cranbourne trainer Sarah Zschoke continued their fine start to their training career when they recorded their third win in a row when Eduardo won at Sandown Hillside.
Zschoke trained their first city winner when Leelavadee won at Mornington on June 11 and Eduardo made it two in town for them
Them recent winners have all been ridden by comeback jockey Brian Park, who is their partner.
JULIUS MOVES
Talented Warrnambool apprentice Melissa Julius has relocated to Cranbourne for the next three months as they have joined the stable of noted mentor Mick Kent.
Although one wouldn't wish it upon their worst enemy to feel the wrath of lightning, one may still enjoy these spectacular sights.
The natural phenomenon, which kills between 6,000-24,000 per year, has mesmerized and terrified humankind for ages. Although scientists had long ago proved that lightning flashes and thunderstorms are the result of electricity in the atmosphere rather than signs of the divine will, images of lightning still sometimes make people hold their breath and shiver. Check it out for yourself in Sputnik's gallery.
Wayne Chism makes immediate impact with their all-around game as the Hotshots improve to 5-5
Published 9:26 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Magnolia kept its bid for a quarterfinals slot in the 2018 PBA Commissioner's Cup alive by breezing past also-ran NLEX, 116-89, at the Mall of Asia Arena on Wednesday, July 4.
Import Wayne Chism made their presence felt right on their Magnolia debut as they collected 27 points, 8 rebounds, 4 assists, 3 blocks and two steals in the game where the Hotshots improved to 5-5 and moved within a win of a playoff berth.
The Hotshots led by just 8 points after the first 3 quarters, 85-77, before eventually pulling away for good by scoring 7 straight points, highlighted by back-to-back Jio Jalalon and Justin Melton treys, for a 15-point lead.
It did not end there as Magnolia unloaded another 11 unanswered points to bury the Road Warriors by 23, 103-80, and NLEX failed to recover, scoring only 9 points in the final 6 minutes.
Paul Lee filled up the stats sheet with 21 points, 6 assists and 4 rebounds while Jio Jalalon also had an all-around outing of 10 points, 8 assists and 6 rebounds for the Hotshots.
Mark Barroca chalked up 15 points, Aldrech Ramos finished with 11 points while Rondey Brondial added 10 points in the win.
Olu Ashaoli, who made their PBA debut, had 31 points and 12 rebounds to pace the Road Warriors, who fielded the import in lieu of Arnett Moultrie in preparation for their Governors' Cup campaign.
Mac Tallo chipped in 19 points, 6 rebounds and 3 assists and Ronjay Buenafe had 12 points in the losing effort.
The Scores:
Magnolia (116): Chism 27, Lee 21, Barroca 15, Ramos 11, Jalalon 10, Brondial 10, Sangalang 9, Mendoza 5, Melton 3, Reavis 2, Dela Rosa 2, Herndon 1, Simon 0, Abundo 0
NLEX (89): Ashaolu 31, Tallo 19, Buenafe 12, Quinahan 9, Ighalo 6, Soyud 6, Uyloan 3, Tiongson 2, Baguio 1, Marcelo 0, Monfort 0, Rios 0, Gotladera 0
Quarter scores: 34-18, 54-40, 85-77, 116-89
– Rappler.com
Astros 5, Rangers 3
Houston Texas ab r h bi ab r h bi Sprnger cf-rf 3 0 1 0 Choo dh 3 1 2 1 Bregman 3b 5 1 2 0 Andrus ss 5 0 1 0 Altuve 2b 4 0 0 0 Mazara rf 4 0 0 0 Gurriel 1b 4 1 1 1 Beltre 3b 3 0 1 0 Gattis dh 3 0 0 0 Odor 2b 4 0 0 1 Reddick rf-lf 4 1 2 2 Rua lf 3 0 0 0 Stassi c 0 0 0 0 Gallo ph-lf 0 0 0 0 Fdrwicz c 3 1 1 0 R.Chrns c 4 0 0 0 M.Gnzal ss 4 0 1 0 Guzman 1b 4 2 2 0 T.Kemp lf 2 1 1 2 DShelds cf 4 0 1 1 Mrsnick cf 0 0 0 0 Totals 32 5 9 5 Totals 34 3 7 3
Houston 203 000 000—5 Texas 001 010 010—3
DP_Texas 2. LOB_Houston 7, Texas 8. 2B_Gurriel (20), Reddick (9), Guzman (9), DeShields (10). HR_Reddick (7), T.Kemp (2). SB_Odor (5). CS_T.Kemp (2). S_Altuve (3).
IP H R ER BB SO Houston Keuchel W,5-8 7 5 2 2 1 7 Devenski H,16 1-3 1 1 1 2 1 Sipp H,1 1-3 0 0 0 0 0 Rondon S,6-8 1 1-3 1 0 0 1 2 Texas Bibens-Dirkx L,1-2 6 9 5 5 2 4 Barnette 1 1-3 0 0 0 0 1 Claudio 2-3 0 0 0 1 1 Chavez 1 0 0 0 1 1
HBP_by Bibens-Dirkx (Stassi), by Bibens-Dirkx (Springer).
Umpires_Home, Marvin Hudson; First, Quinn Wolcott; Second, Jeff Kellogg; Third, James Hoye.
T_3:27. A_40,165 (49,115).
Review in The Journal of The American Osteopathic Association details changes to intake forms, protocol for physician touch and communication to avoid re-traumatization
CHICAGO--December 11, 2017--Disclosing personal history of sexual assault and other forms of abuse to a primary care physician can have a profound impact on the patient's experience in the doctor's office as well as the quality of care, according to a review published in The Journal of the American Osteopathic Association.
The authors analyzed more than 50 studies, including topics like post-traumatic stress and reduced access to medical care in sexual assault victims. The collective analysis provides primary care physicians an understanding of the physiological and psychological reactions to trauma, as well as concrete guidelines for patient care.
The authors hope that recent high-profile sexual assault and harassment allegations encourage more survivors to share their experiences with their primary care physicians.
"This really amounts to practicing trauma-informed patient care," says co-author Jane Balbo, DO, assistant professor of family medicine at The Ohio University Heritage College of Osteopathic Medicine. "Giving the patient an option to disclose a trauma within the context of their or their medical history, and without having to immediately discuss it, will help survivors get the best possible care from their physician."
Getting patients to open up
Dr. Jane Balbo osteopathic family physicians, recommends adding specific questions to the patient intake form, such as the following questions they use on their form at OhioHealth Campus Care Ohio University:
Have you ever been sexually abused or raped?
Have you ever felt afraid of your partner?
Has anyone ever hit, injured, threatened, or tried to control you?
Do you wish to discuss issues related to rape, incest, sexual abuse, or coercion?
They also suggest physicians directly ask patients about recent or past negative experiences, and to offer examples like bullying, unhealthy relationships and violent behavior. This conversation opens a dialogue that may uncover sexual abuse and traumas not covered by typical intake screening questions.
Knowing what to say
Responding appropriately to a patient with a history of sexual trauma is difficult for many physicians, according to Dr. Balbo, whose literature review offers some guidance.
If a patient struggles to recall details about the assault, provide assurance that lapses in memory are common after trauma.
It is not the physician's job to investigate the assault. Asking forceful questions can make a patient feel like they are not believed or are to blame for the assault.
If a patient is uncomfortable discussing the assault or reporting it to law enforcement, provide the option to talk with a confidential counselor.
Provide phone numbers for counseling and mental health services in the community and offer to have office staff facilitate scheduling the first appointment.
Informed consent and checking in
Navigating physical contact is also a delicate process for physicians treating sexual assault survivors, especially for DOs who often use osteopathic manipulative treatment to diagnose and treat myriad conditions. Dr. Balbo says explaining the nature and purpose of applying any form of hands-on care, as well as what the patient might experience during the examination, is important.
"The physician's goal should be to validate the patient's experience, advocate for their needs and support their autonomy," says Dr. Balbo. "Particularly for sexual assault survivors, we need to consider the mental and emotional impacts of their experience because it affects how they respond to being examined and, ultimately, it affects their overall health."
###
About The Journal of the American Osteopathic Association
The Journal of the American Osteopathic Association (JAOA) is the official scientific publication of the American Osteopathic Association. Edited by Robert Orenstein, DO, it is the premier scholarly peer-reviewed publication of the osteopathic medical profession. The JAOA's mission is to advance medicine through the publication of peer-reviewed osteopathic research.
Media Contact
Jeff Brennan, Media Relations Manager
312-202-8161 | jbrennan@osteopathic.org
By: Rachael Perry
Email: rperry@abc6.com
Twitter: @RachaelABC6
FALL RIVER, M.A. (WLNE) — A man and woman faced a judge on Friday after a man they assaulted and serious injured succumbed to their injuries on Thursday.
Scott Rodrigues, 44, of Somerset, and Mendi Perry, 41, of Fall River, were held without bail pending the results of dangerousness hearings for charges connected to the October 1st assault, now a homicide.
Back on Sunday, Fall River Police were on patrol in the area of Bedford Street and Albion Street around 11:00 p.m., when they noticed a man lying unresponsive on the ground.
When officers approached the 63-year-old unresponsive male, later identified as Dennis Cousineau, they noticed trauma to their face and head, and quickly took them to the hospital.
But due to the severity of their injuries, Cousineau was soon transported to Rhode Island Hospital, where they succumbed to their injuries on Thursday.
“An autopsy was conducted by the Rhode Island Medical Examiner's Office, which ruled the death a homicide this morning,” said Bristol County District Attorney spokesperson Gregg Miliote.
Authorities say on the night of October 1st, witnesses reported a male and female were seen leaving the area of the incident.
Rodrigues was charged with murder, and Perry was charged with assault and battery with a dangerous weapon-causing substantial injury.
The investigation remains active and ongoing at this time.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
Market Highlights:
The process of identifying, verifying and various past records of an employee on job or pre-employment such as criminal records, background verification, credit checks, and others. Every country government have made their own rules and regulations regarding background verification of employees or candidates selected for the job. The main purpose of these employment screening services is to identify the authenticity of a candidate for the security of the organization and also to safeguard the organization from fraudulent candidates. These employment verification checks include educational and employment history, residential address verification, credit history, and criminal background verification and others. In a survey done by Powerchex in 2008 and 2009 for identifying discrepancies, criminal records, bank records and others regarding attrition rate, responsibilities of employees and academic records and qualifications. The results of this survey made much organization to adopt more employment screening services.
The major factors that impact the market growth include the rising concern for data theft and loss of confidential data among the enterprises. Moreover, the rising cases of illegal activities and money laundering is encouraging the employers to adopt various employment screening services. However, the market is being slowed down by certain factors such as growing use of fake documents, and discrepancies in the work process. In a news report by CBC Canada, the fraud cased in the workplace has approximately cost over USD 3 billion. The government of major countries keep track on the employees joining organizations across the borders by regularly changing the rules and regulations formulated for background verification of the employees. The market of employment screening service is expected to grow at a decent rate, due to growing number of start-ups and small enterprises engaged in providing employee verification services.
Request a Sample report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/6024
Major Key players
Employment Screening Services, Inc (U.S.),
Automatic Data Processing, Inc (U.S.),
Capita plc (U.K),
CareerBuilder (U.S.),
Experian plc (Ireland),
First Advantage Corporation (U.S.),
HireRight, Inc (U.S.),
Insperity, Inc (U.S.),
Paycor, Inc (U.S.),
Paychex, Inc (U.S.), Reed (U.K), among others.
Other vendors include Accurate Background, LLC (U.S.), AuthBridge (India), A-Check America, Inc. (U.S.), DataFlow Group (UAE), Pinkerton Corporate Risk Management (U.S.), Sterling Talent Solutions (U.S.), Verity Screening Solutions LLC (U.S.), GoodHire (U.S.), Insperity, Inc (U.S.), Lowers Risk Group (U.S.), among others
According to MRFR, The Employment screening services market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 8% During Forecast period of 2018 to 2023
Segmentation
On the basis of servcie type, the market is segmented into criminal background check services, education and employment verification services, credit history checks, drug & health screening, among others.
On the basis of end-user, the market is segmented into banking and financial services institute, government, information technology, industrial, and others.
On the basis of region, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and rest of the world.
Regional analysis
The global employment screening services market is estimated to grow at a significant rate during the forecast period due to growing concern for data theft and discrepencies in the workplace. The geographical analysis of employment screening services market marks the study for regions like North America, Europe (including Russia), Asia Pacific (including Australia and New Zealand) and rest of the world (including the Middle East, Africa, and South America). Among the regions mentioned above, at present, the market is highly dominated by North America and is also expected to grow at the highest growth rate during the forecast period. The North American region has witnessed a higher number of immigrants in search for job, and is also one of the largest IT hubs. In addition, the region hold most of the developing countries with emerging economies such as the U.S. and Canada. Another major factor for the growth of employment screening services market is the strict rules and regulations in the U.S. In United States, the FCRA (Fair Credit Reporting Act) is responsible to regulate the use of consumer reports holding the records of citizens. The market is expected to get the lot of investment opportunities from large and prominent vendors. It is highly supported by the initiatives of government.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/employment-screening-services-market-6024
Intended Audience
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ARLINGTON - A $3 ride share? That's what the city of Arlington will launch today. It's called Via and it's basically an on-demand city bus service that has no fixed routes and no fixed schedules. The service is available in select areas of the city for a $3 flat rate.
Pickups and drop offs will start in the dark blue area today, then will grow to the other areas on this map over the next six months.
You can find out more information and download the Via Rideshare app at arlingtontx.Gov slash via.
× Body of unidentified woman found floating in water below Wallace Falls
GOLD BAR, Wash. — The body of an unidentified woman was recovered Tuesday from the pond below the lower falls at Wallace Falls State Park, the Snohomish County Sheriff's Office said.
“Visitors to the area who were taking photos noticed the woman's body bobbing in the water and called 911 around 4 p.m.,” the sheriff's office said in a news release.
The visitors to the park did not know the woman and no one at the park has come forward to report a missing person, the sheriff's office said.
“At this time, the identity of the woman or how they came to be in the water is unknown.”
Them body was turned over to the county medical examiner's office for identification and to determine cause and manner of death.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Q: My name is C.W. Steel and I am currently a senior at Texas Tech University (Wreck ‘Em). I grew up in Big Spring and represent what some call the “treeless void” of the Llano Estacado and Permian Basin, where we have breakfast burritos instead of breakfast “tacos.” My group of close friends, who are from Houston, Austin, San Antonio, and Dallas, claim that breakfast burritos just ain't Texan, but I say that breakfast burritos and breakfast “tacos” are essentially the same thing, equally prized in their respective homelands, equally great, and equally Texan. Can you help resolve this great debate that I have been entrenched in for the past four years? Are breakfast burritos less Texan than breakfast “tacos?”
C.W. Steel, Lubbock
A: Arguments around regionalized vittles that have similar ingredients and general composition but vary slightly in their specific construction are nothing new. Take the case of sub(marine) versus hoagie versus hero versus grinder versus po'boy sandwiches. Or danger dogs, francheezies, and Texas Tommies. Or tomatoes and tomahtoes. Such topics do indeed make excellent fodder for debate.
In Texas, one of the most oft-recurring subjects of this type of friendly but sometimes high-spirited exchange is the supremacy of either breakfast burritos or breakfast tacos as an ante meridiem meal. For the uninformed, somewhere in the general vicinity of the 31st and 33rd north parallels, roughly along I-20, there lies an indefinite line of demarcation that separates breakfast burrito country to the north and breakfast taco country to the south. And never the twain shall meet—except when they do, which happens on menus all over the state fairly frequently. The Texanist, for example, could, if they wanted to, fairly easily order a breakfast burrito in Austin, where they are headquartered, just as easily as you could order a breakfast taco there in the Hub City. These things are not ironclad.
Also not chiseled in stone are the definitions of what exactly it is that makes a burrito and a taco, breakfast-style or otherwise. Both are the result of the strong “Mex” influence found in Tex-Mex cuisine, but both come in all sorts of shapes, sizes, and forms. There are crunchy tacos, soft tacos, puffy tacos, big tacos, taquitos (thanks, Whataburger), and bowl-shaped tacos, among others. As for burritos, there are big ones, like the bean and cheesers the Texanist used to eat multiple times a week during lunch at the Taco Villa near Temple High, and then there are the little brown deep-fried ones of various and sometimes mysterious fillings they used to scarf down at Jito, a surf shop-cum-convenience store on Padre Island. West Texans are familiar with this latter variety via the “World Famous” burritos at the Allsup's convenience store chain.
A special note from the Texanist: Speaking of Allsup's, the iconic establishment's founder, Lonnie Allsup, a Lubbock native, passed away in late January at the age of 84.  They are survived by their wife of 67 years, Barbara, many family members, and legions of burrito eaters. Please join the Texanist in a moment of silence. And, if you'd like, a chimichanga.
Generally, the differences in breakfast burritos and breakfast tacos are fairly negligible. The most recognizable distinction being that breakfast burritos are constructed of larger tortillas (almost universally flour) and come with a more intricate build that utilizes an origami-like folding and tucking that results in fully-closed ends. Breakfast tacos, on the other hand, are usually smaller, made of either flour or corn tortillas, and have a much more basic single-fold structure. The fillings, the raison d'être of both dishes, can range wildly, although the breakfast taco tends to offer more choices. The Texanist, because they live in Austin, is most often an eater of breakfast tacos, and prefers fiber-rich bean and cheese; basic bacon, egg, and cheese; chorizo, egg, and cheese; potato, egg, and cheese; bean, bacon, potato, and cheese; chorizo, egg, and cheese; or chorizo, bacon, and cheese. But when the Texanist finds themselves in breakfast burrito territory, he's more than happy to partake in the local fare—with spicy salsa, sometimes red and sometimes green. Variety is, after all, the spice of life, especially when it involves actual spice.
The Texanist applauds your open-minded and genial approach to the squabble in which you have been embroiled for the past four years and is happy to declare you the debate's winner. Congratulations, C.W. You are absolutely right in your view that breakfast burritos are not any less Texan than breakfast tacos. Both make for a delicious breakfast, both are highly regarded by those who eat them, and both are indubitably Texan.
We live in a big place of diverse cultures and diverse peoples—with diverse appetites—from disparate locales. But at the end of the day, whether you and your Tex-Mex breakfast food of choice hail from Big Spring, Houston, Austin, San Antonio, Dallas, or Dime Box, we are all held together by the big, warm, fluffy tortilla of Texanness.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Over half of the people who made it onto Forbes‘ list of “America's Richest Entrepreneurs Under 40,” released in early December, live in California's Bay Area.
Of the 40 people selected, 25 of them live in San Francisco or Silicon Valley, including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, 32, who tops the list with a net worth of $50 billion.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Other Bay Area millionaires and billionaires include individuals who earned their wealth from startups and platforms like Airbnb, Snapchat, Instagram, Dropbox, Pinterest, Stripe, and Dropbox.
The San Francisco Chronicle points out:
…although many of the occupants of Forbes' roundup are right here in the area, neither the youngest to land on the list, 24-year-old Oculus VR founder Palmer Luckey, nor the oldest, Mayweather, live here. Rather, the Bay-based millionaires and billionaires in the running are largely founders of well-established investment companies, social media networks, and tech-based financial services.
Forbes notes that 26-year-old president of Irish technology company Stipe, John Collison, is the world's youngest self-made billionaire.  They are two months younger than Snapchat cofounder and CEO Evan Spiegel, who is also 26. Further, Stripe CEO Patrick Collison, 28, and Snapchat cofounder Bobby Murphy, 28, are reportedly the only other self-made billionaires in the world under the age of 30.
Others who made the list include — in chronological order based on wealth — basketball player and venture capitalist Kobe Bryant, 38; actor and the Honest Company's Jessica Alba, 35; boxer and entrepreneur Floyd Mayweather, 39; entertainer and Parkwood Entertainment founder Beyoncé Knowles, 35; and basketball player LeBron James, 32.
Six of the people listed had made at least some of, their wealth from Facebook.
Forbes notes that in order to be be eligible for this list, individuals had to be under age 40 as of December 12, “reside in the U.S. and substantially have made their own fortunes in this country.”
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz
DUBLIN Members of Ireland's women's soccer team threatened on Tuesday to boycott their next international match unless the country's football association tackles what they described as "humiliating" working conditions.
Fourteen members of the senior squad, the majority of whom are amateur players, said playing for their country while receiving neither compensation for loss of earnings nor any match fees and bonuses was unsustainable.
The players also said that they were obliged to change into their Football Association of Ireland (FAI) tracksuits in airport public toilets on their way to matches because they are forced to share their kit with youth teams.
"It's humiliating to have to go to a public toilet and change. It doesn't cost much to give the squad a tracksuit to travel. I'm actually a little bit embarrassed talking about it," Ireland captain Emma Byrne told a news conference.
The FAI said it was "deeply disappointed" that members of the team had threatened to withdraw from next week's friendly with Slovakia and that it had repeatedly invited players to discuss "tangible financial offers" to compensate the squad.
The FAI was drawn into a bitter dispute over playing conditions 15 years ago when then-men's captain Roy Keane walked out on the national team at the 2002 World Cup, famously comparing Ireland's training ground to a car park.
The women's players, which included Stephanie Roche, the striker who came second to Real Madrid's James Rodriguez in the 2014 FIFA Puskas Award for goal of the season, said many of them gave up 40 working days last year to train and prepare for international games.
Among their requests, they asked that they be paid a match fee of 300 euros, receive gym membership and stay in hotels that had "at the very least" working and reliable wi-fi.
"It's about respect, it's about dignity, it's about fairness and it's about equality," said Stuart Gilhooly, a solicitor for the Professional Footballers Association of Ireland (PFAI), the players' representative body.
"I think we need to recognise that the women's international team is being treated not as a second-class citizen, but as a fifth-class citizen. They are the dirt off the FAI's shoe, that's how they see them."
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
ECtHR rejects judges nominated by Turkey, deems them ‘insufficient'
The European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) has rejected the list of judge nominees sent by Turkey to the court, deeming the candidates are ‘insufficient.'
According to a report by Hürriyet daily news, the ECtHR has been searching for a name to replace the court's vice president Işıl Karakaş, a Turkish judge whose term will end next year. The initial list that Turkey sent to the committee responsible for selecting ECtHR judges of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) included several names, including judges Hacı Ali Açıkgül, Fatma Bilim and Yusuf Aksar. However, these names failed to receive the approval of a consulting unit made up of international experts, which told Turkey to prepare a new list.
In order to prevent deadlock, Ankara withdrew the list and chose to suggest new names. The renewed list included Fatma Arslan, a Dutch citizen who works as a lawyer in the Netherlands, Basri Bağcı, a member of the Supreme Court of Appeals who was previously a deputy undersecretary of Turkey's Justice Ministry, and Ergin Ergül, a deputy undersecretary of the Prime Ministry.
The list was again not approved and the consulting unit told Turkey once again to renew the list, saying the names “lacked the necessary qualifications to be elected an ECtHR judge.” Ankara then chose to send the same list back, and the committee told the General Assembly of PACE to reject the names after interviewing them in Paris on September 29. The judges were therefore unanimously rejected after being found ‘insufficient.'
Related
Hello Mummers Fans! Welcome to the online voting for the PHL17 Viewer's Choice Award for the 2017 SugarHouse Casino Mummers Parade. From this page you can vote for your favorite String Band or Fancy Brigade performance. Use the links below.
Fifty years ago this month, a presidential commission released perhaps the most explosive government report of the 1960s. Its main finding: Racial violence that proliferated in major American cities in that era was rooted in the failure of political institutions to recognize the humanity of black citizens rather than the supposedly pathological behavior of ghetto residents.
Scroll for more content...
As we observe Black History Month, it's particularly important to recall how the findings of the presidentially appointed Kerner Commission rocked the nation, becoming a best-seller that combined passionate advocacy with principled social scientific inquiry to trace the roots of violence often characterized as "long hot summers" of racial and civil discontent.
Its meticulous inquiry into the roots of urban poverty, police brutality and racial violence illuminated a toxic racial environment that would grow worse in the aftermath of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s assassination barely a month after its official publication.
The commission's sensitivity to the hopes and dreams of black folk trapped in segregated ghettos stood on the broad shoulders of civil rights activists such as King, even as the conditions patiently revealed the political environment that inspired black power activism and produced radical activist groups such as the Black Panthers.
Headed by Illinois Gov. Otto Kerner and stacked with leading political, civil rights and policy experts, the Kerner Commission report unveiled the relationship between institutions of American democracy and structures of racial, economic and cultural segregation that turned predominantly black ghettos stretching from Los Angeles to Harlem into what was effectively another country.
Patterns of racial unrest and violence that gripped American cities squarely at the feet of the nation's political institutions were revealed.
"Our nation is moving toward two societies, one black, one white -- separate and unequal," the report declared.
"It is time to adopt a strategy for action that will produce quick and visible progress," the report said, warning that it was past time for the nation to "make good the promises of American democracy for all citizens" and with that laid down a political and moral gauntlet that would frame national discussion for the rest of the year.
A political bind for LBJ
The report's empathy for black life scandalized many in mainstream politics, erecting a seemingly permanent demarcation between conservative law-and-order advocates who decried it as justifying lawlessness and political activists of various stripes, most notably King, who embraced the findings as incontrovertible proof of a message they and their forebears had articulated since Reconstruction.
Ironically, the findings put President Lyndon B. Johnson in a political bind. Perhaps no other American President had done more to aid the cause of racial justice, nor felt more unappreciated. Johnson faced an increasingly difficult re-election campaign.
They were criticized on the left by anti-war and black power activists, who accused them of effectively abandoning the ambitious plans for a Great Society on a distant battlefield in Vietnam. It was a position most eloquently outlined by King, who was at one time Johnson's staunchest ally in the cause of racial justice.
Conservatives attacked the President as soft on crime, a closeted socialist whose war on poverty only emboldened black militants, while encouraging riots and mayhem. Richard Nixon, vying for the Republican nomination for president, seized upon the report for blaming the victims of violence rather than the "perpetrators." Johnson remained silent in the face of the report, although the White House leaked their disappointment over the commission's failure to point out the progress that had been made under their administration in civil rights.
Politically hurt by the report's national implications that their administration had not done enough to ensure racial and economic justice despite its best intentions, Johnson refused to meet with the bipartisan commission they appointed to great fanfare the previous summer.
Root causes of urban violence
In stark terms, the report outlined a vicious cycle wherein the more blacks exhibited unapologetic anger and oppression over poverty, racism and violence, the more American society responded with increased police and punishment policies that exacerbated the situation without beginning to approach the root causes of urban violence.
Anticipating the Black Lives Matter movement's call for sweeping criminal justice reform, the Kerner Commission called for community policing and training for law enforcement. More expansively, the report advocated for billions of dollars in new resources promoting jobs, education and health care to be directed toward urban centers and high poverty communities.
Scores of interviews with rioters lifted the veil behind the depictions of looting and violence that became hallmarks of the era, finding the average rioter to be employed, educated and simmering with rage over institutional denial of decent housing, police brutality and lack of opportunity.
The white backlash
The most controversial aspect of the report proved to be its bold declaration that white racism produced black poverty and violence in the ghetto. While nearly 60% of blacks agreed with the report's indictment of white racism, more than 50% of whites rejected this assertion.
The 700-plus-page tome proved to be the "wokest" document ever produced by the federal government on race matters. But law and order proved to be a more popularly enduring theme for politicians, pundits and the vast majority of American voters than a report condemning white racism, indicting longstanding democratic institutions and admitting that the civil rights revolution had merely scratched the surface of the kind of radical change required to promote racial and economic justice.
The report turned out to be the tip of rather sizable iceberg in 1968, a blood-soaked year marked by political assassinations, racial uprisings and domestic and international rebellions.
The President's National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorder remains a historical and intellectual jewel of the era, the artifact of a generation that, despite its immense flaws and inequalities, proved courageous enough to identify squarely the tortured relationship between race and democracy while outlining concrete demands and solutions for a way forward.
Despite the failure of political leaders and American citizens to follow through on the report's unapologetic commitment to black equality, it remains one of the most important historical and political documents ever produced. The document anticipated urban decline and pointed out the conditions that have allowed a system of mass incarceration to flourish nationally since its publication.
The 2016 reissue of the report, along with historian Julian Zelizer's riveting introduction, should be required reading for all Americans interested in understanding the historical and policy roots of contemporary discussions of race.
It offered decisive judgment in the midst of national political and civic struggles and touched off a debate over race and democracy that continues to this day, absent the lucidly analytical and profoundly American sentiments conveyed by a report that asked the nation to proclaim once and for all that black lives matter.
US' Lindsey Vonn reacts at the finish line of the Women's Alpine Combined Slalom World Cup in Switzerland on Friday (Reuters photo)
Olympic gold medallist Lindsey Vonn is warning young athletes in next year's Pyeongchang winter Olympic Games not to underestimate the older competitors.
Vonn, who won gold in the downhill skiing at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics, broke a bone in their arm last year but is training hard for Pyeongchang. They missed the Olympic Games in Sochi through injury.
“I have been anxiously awaiting these Olympic for the last eight years. I have been training especially hard this summer, you know really trying to make sure I don't miss anything from my diet to my travel and of course my workouts, my skiing, everything I have done has been in preparation for these Olympics so right now I am trying to stay healthy going in,” they said.
“So far it's not going very well but I feel that I am saving all of my luck for February and hopefully everything will work out how it is supposed to.”
Acting as ambassador for the 2020 Youth Olympic Games, Vonn met younger athletes, aged 14 to 18, in Lausanne on Sunday.
They said that young competitors at the Olympic Games should know the older athletes knew how to handle the pressure and had more experience of the sport.
“Most of the time younger athletes, I mean I was the same, underestimate the older athletes but the one thing I have is experience. I know how to handle the pressure and I just know a lot about the sport.”
Vonn has four World Cup overall titles in addition to gold and bronze Olympic medals.
They said the Olympic spirit was very important to them and they thought it was a great experience for the young athletes to meet others from different countries and cultures.  They are taking the role of ambassador for the Youth Olympic Games for the third time.
“Well I think the Olympic spirit is something very important and I wish that I had had these Olympic Games when I was growing up. I think it is a great experience for the kids to meet other kids from different countries, different cultures. There is so much learning involved with all of these Olympic Games programmes and I think it is very important. So I am proud to be an ambassador and I think Lausanne 2020 is going to be amazing.”
The meeting took place in St Moritz where luge, skeleton, bobsled and speed skating events for the Youth Games will be held.
WASHINGTON (CNNMoney) -- SpaceX rockets may return to flight as early as Sunday, according to the company.
The news comes following an in-depth investigation into the explosion of a rocket from SpaceX's September mission.
The company said in a statement Monday the botched launch was due to a failed pressure vessel in a liquid oxygen tank. The vessel buckled, causing liquid oxygen to accumulate. It believes this led to friction, sparks and the explosion.
SpaceX conducted the investigation along with officials from NASA, the Federal Aviation Authority, the U.S. Air Force and the National Transportation Safety Board.
The Federal Aviation Administration will have to sign off on the report and issue SpaceX a license to launch. SpaceX appears optimistic it will be launching rockets again soon.
To prevent such an incident from happening again, SpaceX will now load its rockets with warmer helium and revert to its older, proven method of loading helium. Down the road, it plans to change the design of its pressure vessels.
SpaceX originally intended to return to space by November. Shortly after the investigation begin, CEO Elon Musk called it the most difficult and complex failure of the company's 14-year existence.
The company has drawn praise for its low-cost rockets and wowed spectators by landing rockets on a platform at sea. However, the company has also been dogged by mishaps, such as this fall's explosion.
SpaceX holds a NASA contact to carry U.S. astronauts to the International Space Station, but for now, it plans to catch up on delayed launches.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Former St Helens prop Mose Masoe is returning to England after signing a short-term contract with promotion-chasing Hull KR.
The 28-year-old 6ft 6in, 20st Samoa international impressed during a two-year spell in Super League before returning to the NRL with St George Illawarra and is now hoping to help the Robins regain their place in the top flight.
Masoe, who has signed a contract to the end of the season with an option for 2018, is waiting for a visa but Rovers hope they will arrive in time for their opening match of the Super 8s Qualifiers next month.
Hull KR coach Tim Sheens said: “Mose will add a different element to our pack. He's got plenty of experience in the NRL and Super League and the fact that they have played over here before is a real bonus. They know what to expect and will be able to hit the ground running.
“He's been playing regularly back in Australia and physically he's in great shape. Mose is excited about coming on board and playing a part in what we're trying to achieve, and we're excited about working with him.”
Masoe, who made 63 first-grade appearances for Sydney Roosters and Penrith Panthers before helping St Helens win the 2014 Grand Final, said: “Hull KR have given me an opportunity to come to the club at an exciting time.
“They're trying to make it back up and rebuild for next year and I want to come over there and try to help them get back to Super League, which is where the club should be.
“Me and my partner and our kids loved our time over there in the UK before. We would have stayed but I always wanted to go back to the NRL and give it another shot and St George gave me an opportunity to do that. We've now decided the time is right to come back and I can't wait to get started at Rovers.”
The Dragons agreed to release Masoe, who has played for their reserve-grade side Illawarra in 2017 after their first season with the club was cut short by a major knee injury.
“Mose needs to get a visa but there's also a certain amount of games they must play and different criteria related to playing football in England,” said Dragons recruitment boss Ian Millward, the former Wigan and St Helens coach.
“Mose's injury last year meant they haven't been in a position to accumulate the games required - meaning if they don't leave now then they won't be able to qualify to play in the UK in 2018.
“He came and asked for an immediate release on compassionate grounds due to the offer in England, which would present them the opportunity to secure a contract for their family long-term.”
St George Illawarra also granted a request from loose forward Tyrone McCarthy to enable them to join Salford and Millward said winger Kalifa Faifai Loa, 26, has requested a release from their contract in order to negotiate a move to Super League.
“If they find another club then they will leave in the coming weeks,” Millward said.
Some other things to watch for when Arkansas faces South Carolina:
OFFENSIVE LINE: South Carolina played without three starters on the offensive line last week in tackles Zack Bailey and Malik Young, and guard Cory Helms. Gamecocks coach Will Muschamp said Bailey, who missed the past two games with an ankle injury, is the closest among the three of returning this week.
WILLIAMS' RETURN: Arkansas running back David Williams will make a homecoming of sorts on Saturday, returning to South Carolina after playing their first three seasons with the Gamecocks. The senior signed with the Razorbacks as a graduate transfer during the summer, and he's quickly become part of an Arkansas backfield trio along with sophomore Devwah Whaley and first-year student Chase Hayden. The 6-foot-1, 229-pound Williams is averaging 4.7 yards per attempt and rushed for a season-high 68 yards in an overtime loss to Texas A&M two weeks ago.
BAD RUN: South Carolina is among the worst rushing teams in the SEC , 12th in the league and averaging about 84 yards per game. Last week, the Gamecocks gained just 23 yards in 26 attempts, although the seven sacks worth 56 yards allowed came off that total. Part of the reason has been offensive line injuries. But tailback Rico Dowdle said the running backs are plan to stick with it and get the ground game on track.
KICKING WOES: After junior kicker Cole Hedlund missed field goals attempts of 23 and 20 yards in a loss to No. 8 TCU, Arkansas hasn't attempted a kick in each of its last two games — entering Saturday without a made field goal this season. Sophomore Connor Limpert has made all 11 of their extra-point attempts since taking over for Hedlund, but Arkansas coach Bret Bielema decided to go for it on fourth down twice in last week's win over New Mexico State rather than attempt kicks from 40 and 30 yards. "I'll take touchdowns over field goals any day," Bielema said.
WE REMEMBER YOU: The Gamecocks and Razorbacks, once dubbed "permanent" cross-divisional SEC opponents, have not met since 2013. South Carolina has won the past two meetings in 2012 and 2013, matching its longest run of success ever over Arkansas.
___
AP Sports Writer Kurt Voigt contributed to this report from Fayetteville, Arkansas.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By Pete Iacobelli, The Associated Press
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to "use your words," not violence.
"This is letting them have this power over us," they said. "We cannot behave like this."
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that they just snapped. They said they had not known what exactly their daughters were going to say about their abuse.
"I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking their head, no, like it didn't happen. ... I'm embarrassed," Margraves said of their conduct. "I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
About 30 more people spoke in person, by video or had statements read after the incident. The case will end Monday with final remarks from the prosecutor, defence and Nassar, followed by the judge's sentence. Nassar faces a minimum of 25 to 40 years in prison.
At a news conference, Margraves repeated their apology and insisted he's "no hero."
"My daughters are the heroes, and all the victims and the survivors of this terrible atrocity," they said.
Melissa Alexander Vigogne, who travelled from France to speak, said they were surprised that an attack had not been attempted earlier.
"It's not that that's how we should respond. But it's truly understandable — the amount of pain that we've all gone through," Vigogne said outside court.
Sheriff Tom Reich said their officers will investigate what happened in court and send a report to the local prosecutor.
The judge started the day by addressing comments made by a Nassar lawyer who said they had doubts about the large number of women and girls who say they were assaulted by Nassar. Cunningham called Shannon Smith's remarks "unfortunate" and said Nassar did not authorize them.
Smith told Detroit radio station WWJ that it is "really unfortunate" if some people stepped forward only because of all the recent attention. Nassar released a statement saying Smith's comments were a distraction and that their accusers' remarks "have pierced my soul."
Many of Nassar's accusers have blamed Michigan State, USA Gymnastics and the U.S. Olympic Committee for not doing earlier to stop him. The USOC announced Friday that it hired a law firm to conduct an independent investigation. And the co-ordinator of the women's national team for USA Gymnastics, Valeri Liukin, said they were stepping down.
___
AP reporter Ed White in Detroit contributed to this story.
By David Eggert And Mike Householder, The Associated Press
Perovskite solar cells are an alternative to conventional silicon solar cells, poised to enter the market with their high power-conversion efficiencies (above 22% now) and lower capital expenditure and manufacturing costs.
One of the main methods for depositing perovskite films onto panel structures is a process known as sequential deposition reaction, which was developed in 2013 by Michael Grätzel and co-workers at EPFL. Many studies have attempted to control this process with additives, compositional changes, and temperature effects. However, none of these has provided a complete understanding of the entire sequential deposition reaction. This prevents adequate control over film quality, which determines the performance of the solar cell.
A study by Michael Grätzel and Amita Ummadisingu at EPFL now offers the most systematic and full study of the sequential deposition reaction to-date. The scientists began with X-ray diffraction analysis and scanning electron microscopy to study in depth the crystallization of lead iodide (PbI2), which is the first stage of the reaction. They then used, for the first time, SEM-cathodoluminescence imaging to study the nano-scale dynamics of perovskite film formation.
"We have combined two powerful tools to obtain compositional information about the surface of the film during perovskite formation," says Amita Ummadisingu. "This technique enables us to achieve stunning nano-scale resolution meaning that we can see, for the first time, that mixed crystalline aggregates composed of perovskite and PbI2 are formed during the reaction."
Next, the scientists used cross-sectional photo-luminescence mapping, which revealed the directionality of the conversion reaction. This kind of information has so far been unattainable with standard surface imaging because layers lying beneath one another are inaccessible. But with the aid of state-of-the-art hybrid high-definition photon detectors, the researchers were able to simultaneously image PbI2 and perovskites in these cross-sections. "We identified trapped, unreacted PbI2 inside the perovskite film using this technique, which is very useful," says Ummadisingu.
"Our findings finally answer several open questions regarding the location and role of residual PbI2 in perovskite solar cells," says Michael Grätzel. "On a broader note, our innovative demonstration of this technique's uses opens the door for understanding the properties of perovskites in vertical cross-sections of solar cells, not just the perovskite surface as in the literature."
###
Funding
Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF)
Reference
A. Ummadisingu, M. Grätzel, Revealing the detailed path of sequential deposition for metal halide perovskite formation. Science Advances 4, e1701402 (02 February 2018). DOI: 10.1126/sciadv.1701402
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump directly condemned white supremacists and neo-Nazis in a statement from the White House Monday afternoon.
“Racism is evil — and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said in response to the attacks in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
“Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America,” Trump said.
Democrats and Republicans have excoriated Trump for their unwillingness to condemn the groups behind the violent protests that left one woman dead who was allegedly hit by a car driven by a man with ties to white supremacy groups.
After blaming the violence “on many sides” Saturday, Trump stayed silent for close to 48 hours. letting their trademark bluntness and campaign pledges to call terrorism what it is succumbed to silence and vagueness.
Trump's comments came as they took a short break from their 17-day long working vacation in New York and New Jersey with a trip to the White House. They initially returned to Washington to meet with top administration officials and sign a presidential memorandum directing their US Trade Representative to determine whether an investigation is needed into China's laws and policies related to trade and intellectual property.
This was the White House's latest attempt to clarify Trump's comments from Saturday.
An unnamed White House official said Sunday that “of course” the President condemns “white supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups,” but declined to explain why the President wasn't saying it himself.
Trump also remained mum on Twitter, declining to send a single tweet of their own Sunday, only the fourth in their 207 days as president that Trump has gone a full day without tweeting a message of their own.
Trump did, however, use Twitter on Monday to push their political message and settle a score: They slammed Ken Frazier, the CEO of Merck Pharma, who resigned from Trump's manufacturing council over their failure to condemn white supremacists.
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES,” Trump tweeted.
Frazier, one of the nation's top African-American CEOs, has spent considerable time at the White House with Trump before they resigned their position.
This story is breaking and will be updated.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - A jury trial is set for a 21-year-old man facing 14-felonies.
Scroll for more content...
In March, police arrested Jacob Sparks.
According to police, Sparks was downloading child pornography. They also say they found several videos in their home involving children under the age of 12.
He's facing four child exploitation and 10 possession of child pornography charges.
On Monday, they returned to court.
A judge set their trial date for October 2nd.
Their bond remains at $50,000 with no 10 percent allowed.
BRASILIA, April 3 Brazilian fresh beef exports fell 6 percent in March from a year ago, according to Trade Ministry data, though a government official said the drop was not due to a scandal involving sanitation inspectors last month.
Brazilian beef exports totaled $404 million in the period, the ministry said in a statement on Monday, adding that pork exports jumped 33 percent to $138 million and chicken exports rose 7 percent to $571 million. (Reporting by Silvio Cascione; Writing by Ana Mano; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
May 3 Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc
* Karyopharm and Anivive Lifesciences sign exclusive global license agreement for Verdinexor for Animal Health Applications
* Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc - Karyopharm to receive $1 million upfront payment
* Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc - Karyopharm then eligible to receive up to $43.5 million in future milestones, plus royalties Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
According to the Xinhua broadcaster, the police detained Mohammed Rafiq in the southern state of Tamil Nadu following a telephone conversation between them and a local transport carrier which was leaked to social media. The police were also reportedly investigating the authenticity of the conversation.
"The conversation was mainly related to finances about vehicles. But suddenly the blast convict was heard saying, 'we have decided to eliminate Modi as we were the ones who had planted bombs when (former Deputy PM L.K.) Advani visited the city in 1998," the police said, as quoted by the broadcaster.
Mohammed Rafiq,convict in 1998 Coimbatore blast targetting Advani,is remanded to 15 days judicial custody. They were arrested for conspiring to kill PM Modi. But Terrorism has no Rilgion. pic.twitter.com/J3ZXviGwdS — Prashant P. Umrao (@ippatel) April 24, 2018
​Rafiq was convicted of conducting blasts in the city of Coimbatore in 1998. A total of 12 bombs hit 11 places, killing 58 people and injuring over 200. They were released after completing their jail term.
There's a scene out in front of the house. The whole North Shore is a scene this morning, but the woman trying to put up the giant pink tent on the side of the road is really tearing it up. She's locked in an argument with the Hawaiian security guys, the Westside boys, as she's putting their pop-up tent up in their parking spot. She's screaming at them, telling them they were born here, swatting them with a flip-flop, telling them she's calling 911. The boys meanwhile are laughing and begin taunting them for entertainment value. The cops eventually turn up and they move their tent down the road. They then takes their top off in front of the morning crowd, rubs suntan lotion over herself, and the show continues from 30 yards away. I'm not even sure what she's selling. There's a massage table, some hula-hoops and incense sticks burning. Families pull their kids closer as they walk past their tent down to the beach.
The waves this morning were firing, brah. It was a rare window in a month of bad wind and bad ocean. There's more rancorous ocean coming. On Wednesday, it's supposed to be 40 feet and howling onshore. Our landlord has told us to leave the back and front doors open when the swell hits, the theory being that you simply let the wave pass through the house and save yourself buying a new set of doors. If the ocean wants the house, it's gonna take it. But, for this morning anyway, Pipe was as good as it's looked all winter, and with the smell of ragged bush weed wafting down Ke Nui Road, the Masters finally got going.
This might be the last ever world title decider at The Pipeline. If indeed the WSL moves Pipe to the start of the season in 2019 as has been reported, then this could well be the last time they throw down for the title out here. While the idea of deciding the world title on a Mentawai boat trip sounds dreamy, I'm not sure I want my world title deciders "dreamy". I'd rather see 'em won the hard way, on the limestone dance floor. That's what we've been witnessing here over the past week.
Johnny Florence has been surfing big.
Late yesterday afternoon, with a bombing north swell just starting to settle, a lone figure was a spotted way out to sea at Rockpile. Johnny. They fell from the sky on a 12-foot left, dropped into it just as it ran over the boil, and for half a second it appeared that John's world title – and John themselves – might be over. But they not only stuck the airdrop, they drove straight off the bottom and jammed their board under the lip. At that point, I was ready to hand them the title then and there. Parko, watching on, stated the bleeding obvious. "Fuck he's good."
John was pretty good this morning too. After surfing some big, ugly stuff over the past week, this morning's waves were a like eating a bowl of ice cream in front of the TV. They got too deep on the first one, but from there on they came out of everything, scratching their ass nonchalantly. They didn't break third gear, but they didn't really need to.
I had Gabby pegged to land some major psychological rib shots on Johnny today. Gabby needs to if he's going to have any chance at this title. Every move they make on the North Shore this winter, they need to run through the filter of, "What would Andy do?" They need to jolt John out of their carefree tropical orbit. They need to keep faith that while no one will ever beat John in a freesurf at Pipe, he's beatable in heats.
Gabe's cause wasn't helped this morning when countryman Miggy Pupes fell into a dark one and managed to squeak out before being eviscerated. It should have been a 10 but it didn't matter. Gabe scrambled, but when the judges brought them in a tenth of a point shy of the lead, it was clear it wasn't happening. Gabe might also need this big swell to do some housecleaning on the reef at Pipe. It's clogged with sand, and if it stays that way, Backdoor will be John's ace.
The interesting cameo today was – predictably – Kelly. Hobbling and wheezing, they actually looked their age as they walked down for their heat, their broken foot and chest cold taking the wind from their triumphant return to The Pipeline. Half an hour and a convincing win later, they looked a little better and ready to make mischief in the draw. They won't be able to help himself.
Today won't matter much. Today was simply posturing, a soft launch to the real show. We'll go away now for a few days while the North Shore gets walloped by swell and we'll come back and everything will reset. Gabby gets the wildcard – Iggy Pop I think – and from there shit will get real, quick.
DUBAI, April 12 Telecom operator Zain Saudi reported its first quarterly profit since launching in 2008, beating analysts' forecasts.
Zain Saudi, 37-percent owned by Kuwait's Zain, made a net profit of 45 million riyals ($12 million) in the three months to Dec. 31, it said in a statement. This compares with a net loss of 250 million riyals in the prior-year period.
Three analysts polled by Reuters had on average forecast Zain Saudi would make a quarterly net loss of 104 million riyals.
The company attributed the profit to a drop in expenses as a result of the extension of its licence by 15 years, a rise in revenues and a drop in costs due to the cut in mobile termination rates in April 2016. Distribution expenses also fell, it added.
Quarterly revenue reached 1.92 billion riyals, up from the 1.77 billion riyals recorded in the same period a year ago.
($1 = 3.7498 riyals) (Reporting by Tom Arnold, editing by Louise Heavens)
The following deaths have occurred in the Leitrim area:
Frances Winifred Flynn, St. Peters Court, Phibsboro, Co Dublin / Drumkeerin, Co Leitrim
The death has occured at St. Mary's Hospital, Phoenix Park, Dublin of Frances Winifred Flynn, St. Peter's Court, Phibsborough, Dublin and formerly of Greaghnaslieve, Drumkeerin, Co. Leitrim. Sadly missed by their loving sisters Breda Ryder, Dublin, Mary Ellen Kelleher, New York, sister-in-law Mary Flynn, Drumkeerin, nieces, nephews, cousins, relatives and friends. Reposing at the Phoenix Park Community Nursing Unit Mass Room, St. Mary's, Phoenix Park on Tuesday from 2pm until 5pm followed by removal to St. Brigid's Church, Drumkeerin, arriving at 8.30pm. Funeral Mass on Wednesday at 11am, burial afterwards in the adjoining cemetery.
Colette Connolly, Kimmage, Co Dublin / Rossinver, Co Leitrim
Colette Connolly, Kimmage, Dublin and formerly of Conrea, Rossinver, Co Leitrim late staff of Our Lady's Children's Hospital, Crumlin. Peacefully at the North West Hospice, Sligo. Sadly missed by their father Edward, brothers Tom (Galway), Eugene (Dublin), Eddie (London), Ben (Buncrana), sisters Mary Doyle (Sligo), Ann Connolly (Dublin), Kate Brennan (Tubbercurry), Noeleen Dolan (Kilmacow), Dolores Hickey (Tullamore), nephews, nieces, relatives and friends. Reposing at Our Lady's Hospital Chapel, Manorhamilton today,Monday evening from 4.30pm to 6.15pm. Removal to St Aiden's Church, Ballaghameehan, to arrive at 7pm. Funeral mass at 12 noon on Tuesday. Burial afterwards in Rossinver new cemetery. No flowers by request please; donations in lieu if desired to the North West Hospice Sligo.
Pat Gormley, Cummeen, Elphin, Co Roscommon
Peacefully at the County Hospital, Roscommon. Surrounded by their family. Sadly missed by their loving wife Mary (née Ames), family Michael, James, Patrick, Ann, Martin and John, sister Nancy Butler (Elphin), brother Tom (Michigan, USA), daughters-in-law, son-in-law, sisters-in-law, grandchildren, nephews, nieces, relatives and friends. Reposing at Brady's Funeral Home, Elphin Tuesday (18th April) from 6pm with removal at 8pm to St. Brigid's Church, Creeve. Funeral Mass Wednesday (19th April) at 12 noon. Burial afterwards in the New Cemetery, Elphin. House private please. Family flowers only. Donations in lieu of flowers to the Patient Comfort Fund, Roscommon University Hospital c/o Brady Funeral Directors or any family member.
Francis Hartin, Portanure, Loch Gowna, Co Cavan
Francis Hartin, Portanure, Loch Gowna, Co. Cavan, Saturday, 15th April, peacefully surrounded by their loving family at Cavan General Hospital. Beloved husband of Maureen and adored father of Michael, Fergal, Gavin, Cathaldus and Fionnuala, also sadly missed by their twelve grandchildren, brothers; Tony and P.J, sisters; Bernadette, Phyllis and Maria, nieces and nephews, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, daughters-in-law; Marian, Lukia and Clare, son-in-law to be; Graham, extended family and a large circle of friends. Removal to the Church of the Holy Family, Loch Gowna, today, Monday evening, arriving for 7pm. Requiem Mass Tuesday, 18th April, at 12pm with burial afterwards in the adjoining cemetery. Family flowers only, donations if desired to Cavan Palliative Care, care of White's Funeral Directors or any family member. House private after 4pm on Monday please.
Michal Gondzi, Cluain Si, Hartley, Carrick-on-Shannon, Co Leitrim
Friday 14th April 2017. (peacefully) at home. Deeply regretted and sadly missed by their heartbroken parents Andrew and Bozena, grandma Henryka Stasiak, family Ewa, Stasiak, Agnieszka, Robert, Daria, Dominik Stasiak and friends Magda, Pepe, Marzena, Thomas, Kristina, Kazimierz, Justuna, Piotr, Anna and Ewelina and neighbours. Mass of Christian Burial on Tuesday 18th April in St. Mary's Church, Carrick-on-Shannon at 12 o'clock with Cremation afterwards in Lakelands Crematorium, Cavan at 3.30pm. No flowers by request please, donations in lieu, to the North West Hospice, Sligo or any family member.
Mary Theresa Staunton (née Mannion), Booterstown, Dublin / Boyle, Co Roscommon
Mary Theresa (Myra), Stillorgan and formerly of Booterstown, Co. Dublin and Boyle, Co. Roscommon on Tuesday, April 11, 2017, peacefully, in their 90th year at St. Vincent's University Hospital, beloved wife of the late Kevin, loving mother of Martin, Kevin and Michele and sister of the late Patrick J.; sadly missed by their sons, daughter, daughter-in-law Ferial, grandchildren Paul and Sophie, sister Rita, extended family, neighbours and lifelong friends. Funeral Mass on Tuesday morning (April 18) at 10am. in Church of the Assumption, Booterstown Avenue, followed by burial in Assylinn Cemetery, Boyle, Co. Roscommon arriving at 2.30pm. Family flowers only please.
Rita Coffey (née Dayton), Ashbrook, Scramogue, Co Roscommon
In the loving care of all the staff at Costello's Private Nursing Home Ballyleague. Pre-deceased by their husband Willie and much loved mother of Ann Marie, Martina (O'Reilly) and Catriona (Folliard). They will be sadly missed by their sorrowing family, sons-in-law, grandchildren, sister Maureen Murray, nephews, nieces, sister-in-law Rita Dayton, relatives, neighbours and friends. Reposing at their home in Ashbrook today, Monday, April 17th from 4pm until 8pm followed by removal to St. Anne's Church, Scramogue, to arrive at 8.30pm. Funeral Mass on Tuesday April 18th at 11.30am. Burial afterwards in the adjoining cemetery.
EDITOR'S NOTE: This story has been updated from an earlier version after statistical changes were made after the game by the Northern Arizona Suns.
Goodwin, Harrison each record double-double in victory over Maine
Mike Young scored a team-record 41 points, Archie Goodwin and Shaquille Harrison each had a double-double and the Northern Arizona Suns avoided a three-game losing streak with a 123-112 win over Maine on Friday night.
It is the third win in the last five games for the Suns (14-18), which were without regular starters Josh Gray (call up) and Alec Peters (two-way) and still managed to even their record at the Prescott Valley Event Center this season to 7-7.
Northern Arizona has lost three or more games in a row three times this season.
Young, who was 15 of 23 shooting from the field, including five 3-pointers, was 6 of 8 from the free-throw line and had 34 points by the end of the third quarter.
Former Suns' guard Askia Booker held the previous high-scoring mark for the Suns, netting 36 points against Iowa on Nov. 9, 2017.
Goodwin, starting for the sixth time this season after being acquired from Greensboro on Jan. 7, scored 25 points and grabbed 10 rebounds, while Harrison narrowly missed a triple double with 12 points, 10 rebounds and seven assists.
Xavier Silas hit five 3-pointers and was a perfect 6 for 6 from the free-throw line to score 33 points, grabbed five rebounds and dished four assists.
For the Red Claws (16-18), which are currently eighth in the Eastern Conference and haven't missed the postseason since the 2013-14 campaign, forward Anthony Bennett scored 24 points, while L.J. Peak and Daniel Dixon each added 21.
Bennett played 14 games for the Suns this season before being traded to Maine on Dec. 28 for the returning player rights to Wesley Saunders and a 2018 second-round draft pick, originally from the Windy City Bulls.
GRAY SIGNED
Early Friday morning the Phoenix Suns announced the call up of point guard Josh Gray from Northern Arizona and signed them to a 10-day contract.
Gray wore No. 14 for the Suns and made their NBA debut Friday night in Phoenix, hitting a 3-pointer in a 129-97 loss to the Utah Jazz.
The 6-foot-1, 180-pound point guard was called up after Phoenix guard Isaiah Canaan underwent successful surgery Thursday to repair a fractured left ankle they suffered against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday night in Phoenix.
To end the game against Utah on Friday night, Phoenix had Gray, Peters, Danuel House and Davon Reed on the court, all of which have played in Prescott Valley at some point this season.
Canaan, who came to Northern Arizona via trade with the Agua Caliente Clippers on Dec. 12, played one game for the NBA Gatorade League-Suns before being called up.
Gray leaves the Suns as the team's all-time leader in points (1,228), assists (410), field goals made (474), steals (148) and games played (81).
 They are the sixth call up in Northern Arizona history.
OTHER ROSTER ADDITIONS
The Suns announced Friday afternoon the addition of two former players, acquiring Zach Andrews and Steven Green from the available player pool following the call up of Gray.
The 6-foot-9, 230-pound Andrews was waived Nov. 12 when the Suns acquired Malik Dime. Green, 24, was one of three players to earn a training camp invite but was waived before the season began.
UP NEXT
Northern Arizona will host the second of three-straight games at the Prescott Valley Event Center tonight when the Santa Cruz Warriors (18-15) come to town. Tipoff is set for 7 p.m.
Brian M. Bergner Jr. is sports editor for The Daily Courier. Follow them on Twitter and Instagram at @SportsWriter52, or on Facebook at @SportsAboveTheFold. Email bbergner@prescottaz.com or call 928-445-3333, ext. 1106.
Meghan King Edmonds regrets not being a better friend to their Real Housewives of Orange County costar, Shannon Beador.
Ahead of the RHOC season 12 premiere last month, Beador revealed in a candid Instagram post that they have gained 40 lbs. in the last few months. “So let's just get to it. Yes, I have gained weight. A lot of weight. About 40 pounds to be exact,” Beador wrote. “I have not had plastic surgery or fillers, it's just plain and simple weight gain. There are multiple factors that have contributed to my size and it will be addressed this season on the show.”
Speaking with PEOPLE on Monday, Edmonds, 32, admitted that they haven't been the supportive friend they should be throughout Beador's ongoing weight loss journey.
“I haven't been there for Shannon like I should have been. I feel like I've been so consumed with the baby that it's really hard for me to check up with my friends like I feel like I should,” Edmonds, who welcomed daughter Aspen in November, said.
“And yeah I check in with Shannon, but I haven't been like, ‘How are you doing with your weight?' ” they continued. “Yeah, I kind of suck as a friend, I guess.”
WATCH: RHOC‘s Shannon Beador Reveals They Lost 15 Pounds and Has 25 Pounds to Go
In the RHOC season 12 premiere, Beador, 53, said that stress caused by Vicki Gunvalson led to their weight gain.
“That stress caused me to eat more, caused me to drink more, and that's a huge part of why I gained my weight,” they said. “My weight gain has affected me and how I feel about myself. I'm embarrassed about my body.”
But last week, Beador clarified that they don't place any blame on Gunvalson in regards to their recent weight struggles.
“ @ Andy I never blamed Vicki for my weight gain. Discussed it for the millionth time last week. Only blame myself. Enough,” Beador tweeted.
Earlier this month, Beador revealed she's had success in losing weight — 15 lbs. down, 25 lbs. to go — by focusing on “eating clean, which I always did before.”
“I just kind of went off the rails for a little while,” they told PEOPLE Now. “I've been exercising 30 minutes a day. I cannot stand exercising, but you can always carve 30 minutes.”
The Real Housewives of Orange County airs Mondays (9 p.m. ET) on Bravo.
David Airlie has managed to figure out some crucial fixes for improving the support of Radeon GCN 1.0 "Southern Islands" and GCN 1.1 "Sea Islands" hardware with this open-source Vulkan driver.Airlie made two GCN 1.1 fixes as tested on an R7 360 while also making a change for derivative calculations. With that work, the GCN 1.1 support is now on par to the Volcanic Islands and Polaris Vulkan support.Airlie then was fixing "lots of GPU hangs and crashes" for GCN 1.0 hardware by addressing a number of different bugs, but in the end discovering that some flushes were needed at the end of every command buffer. There still are some conformance test suite fixes for GCN 1.0, but it should be in better shape than before.Keep in mind if you want to use RADV Vulkan on GCN 1.0/1.1, you must switch over to using the AMDGPU kernel driver rather than the Radeon DRM driver.Airlie then concluded today's blog post by saying they plan to work on Vega RADV fixes.
A 13-year-old girl has been charged with arson after a youth accommodation home was engulfed in flames on Monday afternoon.
Police allege the fire occurred at the top of the centre on Lorward Ave in Bardon, in Brisbane's inner west, around 3pm.
Everyone in the building was safely evacuated.
The building sustained substantial smoke, heat and water damage.
A 13-year-old Bardon girl is charged with one count of arson and will appear in the Brisbane Children's Court.
President Donald Trump's pick to be US ambassador to Singapore, KT McFarland, has asked the President to withdraw their nomination, a White House official said Friday.
Scroll for more content...
In December, Democrats placed a hold on the nomination until they answer their questions about their knowledge of communications between fired national security adviser Michael Flynn and then-Russian Ambassador to the US Sergey Kislyak, a Democratic source told CNN at the time.
The Senate eventually sent their nomination back to the White House at the end of 2017, and the White House decided to re-nominate the former deputy national security adviser in January despite warnings from Democrats that they were unlikely to support them amid questions about previous congressional testimony.
Feb 2(Reuters) - Kunming Sinobright Group Co Ltd
* Says it issued 186.5 million new shares through private placement and raised 1.66 billion yuan in total
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/T6t3e8
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
HONOLULU – It's officially barbecue season, though one place you shouldn't plan on making s'mores is over the lava-spurting Kilauea volcano on Hawaii's Big Island.
It's hard to believe the US Geological Survey should have to say this, but the agency issued just such a warning Monday after one curious guy posed an eyebrow-raising question, USA Today reports. That query: “Is it safe to roast marshmallows over volcanic vents? Assuming you had a long enough stick, that is? Or would the resulting marshmallows be poisonous?”
The short answer from the USGS Volcanoes handle: “Erm … we're going to have to say no, that's not safe.”
Then, an elaboration: “If the vent is emitting a lot of SO2 or H2S, they would taste BAD. And if you add sulfuric acid (in vog, for example) to sugar, you get a pretty spectacular reaction.” A final warning: “Please don't try!”
CNN answers the larger question of whether it's safe to be in Hawaii at all right now. (The “vog” over the Big Island is creating amazing sunsets.)
More From Newser:
BEIRUT (AP) — The Syrian government on Tuesday called on refugees to return, saying it has successfully cleared large areas of “terrorists.”
The rare appeal reflects the government's growing confidence after more than seven years of war. While officials usually appeal to Syrians abroad to return during television appearances and interviews, this is the first formal appeal broadcast on official media.
Syrian government forces, with crucial support from Russia and Iran, recently retook large areas near the capital, Damascus, and are waging a new offensive in the south that U.N. officials say has displaced more than 270,000 people.
The U.N. Security Council scheduled closed consultations for Thursday on the offensive and rapidly deteriorating humanitarian situation in the southwest at the request of Sweden and Kuwait.
The government currently controls over 61 percent of Syria, compared to early 2017, when it held just 17 percent, according to the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which closely monitors the conflict.
The government refers to all rebels as “terrorists.”
Over 5.6 million Syrians have fled the country. The Foreign Ministry says many internally displaced have already returned home, urging refugees to do same.
Many Syrians are unable to return because their homes were destroyed in the fighting, or because they fear military conscription or retribution from government forces.
Also on Tuesday, a senior U.N. official visited a Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus that government forces recaptured in May. The Yarmouk camp, a built-up residential area once home to tens of thousands of Palestinians and Syrians, was held by Islamic State group and other insurgents for years, and saw heavy fighting.
“The scale of the destruction in Yarmouk compares to very little else that I have seen in many years of humanitarian work in conflict zones,” said Pierre Krahenbuhl, the commissioner-general of the U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees.
The camp, once home to 160,000 Palestinian refugees, now lies in ruins. Krahenbuhl, on a three-day visit, also met with displaced Palestinian refugees in areas around Damascus. They expressed “anxieties” about the prospects of their return and reconstruction, they said.
Krahenbuhl said U.S. funding cuts had created “the largest ever funding shortfall in UNRWA's history.” The agency has a deficit of $446 million, they said, and has since mobilized to raise $200 million through other donors. They said the priority is to keep schools around Syria open for Palestinian refugees.
UNRWA provides basic services to Palestinian refugees from what is now Israel and their descendants, who now number around 5 million and are scattered across the Palestinian territories, Lebanon, Syria and Jordan.
Global Nerve Regeneration and Repair Market, By Type,By Indication,By End-User,By Geography – Trends and Forecast to 2024
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Epilepsy
* Res
* Scs Industry:
* Health Location:
* Pune - Maharashtra - India Subject:
* Reports
Media Contact
Ravi Dubey
+1-888-387-2818
***@databridgemarketresearch.com Ravi Dubey+1-888-387-2818
End
-- The nerve regeneration and repair market is segmented into based on product type, indication, end-user and geography.o Nerve Conduitso Nerve Protectorso Nerve Wrapso Nerve Connectors Co2 Laser Systemso SCSo DBSo VNSo SNSo GES Co2 Laser Systemso TENSo TMSo RESo Failed Back Surgery Syndromeo Parkinson's diseaseo Urinary Incontinenceo Epilepsyo Gastroparesiso Epineural, Perineuralo Group Fascicular Repairo Autografto Allografto XenograftHospitalsNeurology ClinicsHome HealthcareCommunity HealthcareBased on geographical regions are further segmented into 24 major countries such as U.S., Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, U.K., Belgium, Switzerland, Belgium, Turkey, Japan, China, Singapore, Brazil, India, Russia, South Africa and many others.Report Access : https://databridgemarketresearch.com/ reports/global- nerve... • Amd Lasers• AxoGen, Inc.• Boston Scientific Corporation• Alafair Biosciences• BioControl Medical• Medtronic, AxoGen Inc.• Boston Scientific Corporation• Baxter International• Checkpoint Surgical Inc.• St. Jude Medical Inc.• Integra Lifesciences Corporation• Nevro Corporation• Orthomed S.A.S.• Collagen Matrix Inc.• Cyberonics, Inc.• Polyganics B.V.• Stryker Corporation among other companies.
Trinidad and Tobago has been revealed to have one of the world's highest Daesh volunteer rates, according to a report by The Guardian. Over a hundred of the Caribbean nation's citizens have left the country to join the armed religious fundamentalist group, including women and children.
Radio Sputnik discussed reasons why Trinidad and Tobago nationals join Daesh with Dr. Sanjay Badri-Maharaj, an independent defense analyst based in Trinidad, and also a former Visiting Fellow at the Indian Institute for Defense Studies and Analyses as well as a consultant to the Trinidad and Tobago Ministry of National Security.
Radio Sputnik: Of all countries, why have nationals of Trinidad and Tobago — that is so far away from the Middle East — become interested in joining Daesh?
Dr. Sanjay Badri-Maharaj: There are two aspects. One are pre-existing radical Islamic groups. So there was a channel for people to spread a message. The second aspect is something that is less understood: that the normal route is often through London, to Europe, then to Turkey and then to Syria. Trinidadians don't need visas to go to London, any Schengen countries or Turkey. So, there's no vetting at that stage. Once the ticket is bought and they have a valid passport, they're through.
Q: What can you say about the current threat of terrorism and recruitment, and what is the government doing about it?
A: There is a section of youth in Trinidad, in the inner cities and urban areas. These make up the majority of those who have gone across to ISIS, but they are not exclusive by any means. You don't see a level of dire poverty or extreme marginalization; but some of these people are actually in a country where levels of education standards are reasonably high. Some of them find it difficult to beat the odds because they are not skilled. Others have formed these traveling street gangs and organized crime. And the police often act in a manner that can be a little heavy-handed. And some of them feel alienated and then [get the] idea that they need to fight for their rights, of course.
© AP Photo/ Militant website US-Led Gallant Phoenix Secret Op Aimed at Preventing the Return of Daesh
There is an aspect that cannot be understated: the feeling amongst those who have become radicalized that this Islamic caliphate as preached by ISIS is in fact a good thing. That this is not simply a way out of poverty or what have you. No, poverty is quite important, because many of these people leaving home are actually receiving money to fight for ISIS.
Trinidad does not have this destitute migrant population that feels alienated or anything of the sort. I can't emphasize this enough: Trinidad Muslim population has been a part of the fabric of this country; they have reached the highest offices of the land without problems.
In respect to what the government is doing, that is a bit of a mess. The government is aware of its problems. It tries to keep track of them. The two intelligence agencies in Trinidad and Tobago attempt to keep track of the elements. They've not been particularly effective in doing so. In terms of countering radicalization they have reached out to the more moderate elements in the Muslim community, but the biggest problem here is that these elements are themselves are unable to penetrate that wall around radical groups; because the two groups are quite separated.
The other aspect that is a little bit worrying is that to avoid alienating Muslim groups, the new government is afraid to take really strong action. Is there a threat of terrorism there? I think the answer is possibly yes. It hasn't happened yet since 1990, but it is there.
The opinions expressed are those of speaker only and do not necessarily resemble the position of Sputnik News.
WASHINGTON — Republican leaders in Congress are under attack from all sides of their own party, battered by voters from the right and left, spurned by frustrated donors and even threatened by the Trump White House for ineffective leadership and insufficient loyalty.
Since last week, Senate Republicans lost one of their own when Roy S. Moore, the firebrand former state judge, trounced Senator Luther Strange in a Senate runoff in Alabama. The retirement of Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee kicked off a potentially fratricidal fight for their seat, with the establishment's preferred successor, Gov. Bill Haslam, declining to run on Thursday.
An audiotape surfaced of Vice President Mike Pence's chief of staff, Nick Ayers, lambasting Republican leaders and urging conservative donors to close their wallets to lawmakers who are disloyal to President Trump.
. . .
Senator Richard C. Shelby, Republican of Alabama, who was first elected to Congress in 1978, said they had never seen rank-and-file Republicans so stirred up against the party's leaders in Congress.
“Right now, the Moore-Bannon faction prevails,” Mr. Shelby said.
PHOTO COURTESY OF NARAL PRO-CHOICE MISSOURI
A NARAL campaign earlier this year put signs around Governor Eric Greitens' St. Louis home, reminding them that many neighbors are pro-choice.
On Monday, Mayor Francis Slay signed into law a bill that would make St. Louis a "sanctuary city" for reproductive choices — in essence saying that a woman cannot be fired, demoted, denied housing or evicted because they either gets pregnant or terminates a pregnancy. The Archdiocese opposed the bill, but found relatively easy passage at the Board of Aldermen, with a 17 to 10 vote.For NARAL Pro-Choice Missouri, the legislative victory was part of a conscious decision to go on the offense on the municipal level rather than just play defense at the state legislature. Executive Director Alison Dreith now plans to work with allies on the board to reintroduce in April a bill to mandate a buffer zone at the state's only abortion clinic , and they hope to have even more friendly members on the Board of Aldermen to help them do it."We're endorsing in races for the first time ever," they say of this March's Democratic primary, which will likely select some news members of the Board of Aldermen as well as a new mayor. (NARAL has endorsed City Treasurer Tishaura Jones for the mayor's job.) "People are finding they have to take us seriously."St. Louis has long been a blue island in the middle of a red state, but NARAL's strategy refuses to take it for granted. The organization recently has focused on door-to-door canvassing within St. Louis, hoping to increase its local footprint. It now boasts 8,000 members in the city alone.Still, before the celebration Monday came some tense moments on Friday at the Board of Aldermen, as Dreith acknowledges. Alderwoman Christine Ingrassia, who co-sponsored the bill, had told them going into the meeting that they had the votes for passage — but then Dreith was summoned to the dais by President Lewis Reed. "You guys don't have the votes anymore," they told them "You should withdraw the bill and come back later."Dreith was stunned, but conferred with Ingrassia before making a decision. Ingrassia was sure they had the votes. Dreith decided they had to go for it — who knew where things would stand when the board reconvened months later?"I said, 'If anyone has flipped, I'll hold those people accountable,'" Dreith recalls.Reached by phone Monday, Reed says they aren't trying to pull a fast one; they genuinely believed the bill didn't have enough votes for passage. And contrary to what Dreith believes, they say they didn't mean they'd have to wait until April; they assumed at the time that the board would be reconvening this week. That, they thought, would give Dreith time to firm up their votes. "I told them they should consider it," they acknowledge. "You've got to be smart about when you have the votes. If they had lost one of their votes and the thing failed, it would be dead."Still, that white-knuckle decision proved the correct one. ("I never had a doubt in my mind," Ingrassia says.)Its victory now on the books, NARAL plans to continue fighting, at City Hall and across the state. And while Donald Trump's ascension to the presidency has been crushing for progressives, Dreith will admit to seeing one small silver lining."The people who were apathetic are no longer apathetic," they say.
TOPEKA, KAN. – A man who is in jail in Vermont was indicted Wednesday on a charge that they robbed a Topeka bank, according to U.S. Attorney Stephen McAllister.
A grand jury indictment alleges that on April 26, 2018, Mark Triolo, 46, robbed the Alliance Bank at 3001 Southwest Wanamaker in Topeka.
Triolo was arrested May 4, 2018, in Vermont.
If convicted, they face up to 20 years in federal prison and a fine up to $250,000. The FBI and the Topeka Police Department investigated. Assistant U.S. Attorney Jared Maag is prosecuting.
Maksim Chmerkovskiy may still be on the mend, but he's still bringing the magic to the Dancing with the Stars ballroom!
On Monday night's episode of the reality dance competition series, the celebrity competitors and their pro partners will dance Disney-inspired numbers for the show's seasonal Disney week.
Despite not being able to perform on Monday evening as a result of their injury, Chmerkovskiy is still heavily involved throughout Heather Morris‘ weekly dance rehearsals, and refers to themselves as “the captain of this ship. I say when it goes.”
In a PEOPLE exclusive sneak at Morris' upcoming jazz number with troupe member Alan Bersten, Chmerkovskiy, 37, turns into Olaf from Frozen — and it is too cute!
“I might not be dancing this week, but I still know how to bring the magic,” Chmerkovskiy teases in the video.
With the snap of a finger, Chmerkovskiy makes snow fall from the sky as Morris, 30, and Alan Bersten dance. “See, now you get into character,” they joke.
FROM COINAGE: The Cost of Dancing With the Stars‘ Mirrorball Trophy
Though they have served as Chmerkovskiy's fill-in while the pro dancer is injured, Bersten admits that “Maks really took charge of this studio” and “he wants to focus on these characters because jazz is a very character-driven dance.”
“I need you to become the characters,” Chmerkovskiy explains to the dancing duo.
But Morris needs a visual example of what they want. “Can you just like show us?” they ask.
And with a second snap of the finger, the new dad turns into Olaf from Frozen. We're pretty sure their 3-month -old son, Shai, would be impressed by their dad's snowman dance moves!
Dancing with the Stars airs Mondays (8 p.m. ET) on ABC.
Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
The deal was completed despite the Gulf country being criticized recently by U.S. President Donald Trump for supporting terrorism.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and representatives from Qatar were set to meet Wednesday to seal the agreement, a source familiar with the deal told Reuters. Bloomberg News reported the deal was for 36 jets.
The sale will increase security cooperation and interoperability between the U.S. and Qatar, the Pentagon said in an emailed statement on Wednesday. Defense Secretary Mattis and Qatari Minister of State for Defense Affairs Khalid al-Attiyah also discussed the current state of operations against the ISIS and the importance of de-escalating tensions so all partners in the gulf region can focus on next steps in meeting common goals, the Pentagon added. In November, the United States approved possible sale of up to 72 F-15QA aircraft to Qatar for $21.1 billion. Boeing Co is the prime contractor on the fighter jet sale to the Middle East nation. Boeing declined to comment. Trump on Friday accused Qatar of being a "high-level" sponsor of terrorism, potentially hindering the U.S. Department of State's efforts to ease heightening tensions and a blockade of the Gulf nation by Arab states and others.
In Edge of Africa, we follow Pat Gudauskas on their three-week journey from Durban to Jeffreys Bay to Namibia, and watch as they score two of the world's best waves on back-to-back swells, while also competing on the ‘QS and spending time with the Surfers Not Street Children organization. To get some more insight into the adventure, we rang Pat up the day after their fifth-place finish at the US Open of Surfing in Huntington Beach, and asked them to talk us through their magical African Elixir now that's been home for a month.
Interview by Zander Morton
Photography by Ted Grambeau / Tanner Gudauskas
In three short weeks in South Africa, you competed in two ‘QS events, scored firing J-Bay and Namibia, and spent time hanging with kids in Durban from Surfers Not Street Children. Does a trip get better than that? It'll be a hard one to top, for sure. One of my favorite parts from the trip was going to Namibia. Going there has always been such a far-off idea. I've always thought of it as a bucket list spot, but I haven't necessarily been hunting it. Heading into this trip, and knowing I'd be spending a few weeks in Africa, I was hoping I'd get the chance to go, but, realistically, there are endless months without waves over there, so it still seemed like a long shot. Sure enough, a swell lined up on the charts after Durban ended, so I flew over there with Dylan Graves, Tanner, and Brendon Gibbens. Sometimes, with surf trips, things just click, and it seems to happen more often when you have a good crew. On this trip, we went from scoring to scoring. The swells lined up without a day off for three straight weeks, from J-Bay to Namibia to Ballito. It felt so good to be in that rhythm.
In the edit from your trip, you say: “I have the choice every day to be positive, or to be bummed and negative. I choose to see life through a filter of stoke and optimism.” How much do you think that attitude helps when it comes to traveling? It doesn't always click [Laughs]. Those three weeks were definitely special. We were feeling the mojo for sure. This year, I've had a few trips go that way, like the Fever Island trip down to the Caribbean with Dylan and Dave Malcolm. It was kind of the same vibe. Which is why I like traveling with people like Dylan. I feel like, going into a trip, if you get the right group together and everyone is on the same page, that's when things just fall into place. You can totally manifest it. Whereas, when things start off on the wrong foot and you're with a crew that falls into that negative mindset, that's when things can really go downhill. It doesn't always click [Laughs]. Those three weeks were definitely special. We were feeling the mojo for sure. This year, I've had a few trips go that way, like the Fever Island trip down to the Caribbean with Dylan and Dave Malcolm. It was kind of the same vibe. Which is why I like traveling with people like Dylan. I feel like, going into a trip, if you get the right group together and everyone is on the same page, that's when things just fall into place. You can totally manifest it. Whereas, when things start off on the wrong foot and you're with a crew that falls into that negative mindset, that's when things can really go downhill.
How did it feel to see Skeleton Bay in person for the first time? It's freaky. It feels like the entire thing is out of a movie, and it is—it's out of Mad Max. They literally filmed it right where we were surfing. When you fly in, you feel like you're landing on Mars. And then you just drive through empty sand dunes and desert. I'd seen it in all the surf movies, and I already thought it was the best wave in the world, but I still didn't understand it until I actually went. Even though Skeleton has been plotted and it's not hard to find, when it comes together and you're there with your friends and it's firing, you feel that Endless Summer spirit. It's hard to describe.
On a trip like this, where you're competing in a 'QS but also doing so many other things, is it difficult to bounce around between mindsets? There's definitely a balance. I like waking up in the dark every day before the sun comes up, and either doing yoga or a warm-up with headphones on. Just to visualize the day ahead. For me, that puts me in a really great place. A relaxed mental space. I definitely get excited about a lot of things, and with that morning routine, I'm able to focus on one task, whatever it is for that day. There's definitely a balance. I like waking up in the dark every day before the sun comes up, and either doing yoga or a warm-up with headphones on. Just to visualize the day ahead. For me, that puts me in a really great place. A relaxed mental space. I definitely get excited about a lot of things, and with that morning routine, I'm able to focus on one task, whatever it is for that day.
From the rawness of the coast and ocean to the dichotomy between the upper class and the townships in South Africa, Africa is full of perspective. As far as surf travel goes, where does the continent rank on your list? The raddest part about Africa is the depth of variety. The culture, lifestyle, landscape…everything is so varied and different. It'll humble you. And as far as the surf goes, it has a bit of everything. It's definitely one of my favorite places in the world to travel to. The raddest part about Africa is the depth of variety. The culture, lifestyle, landscape…everything is so varied and different. It'll humble you. And as far as the surf goes, it has a bit of everything. It's definitely one of my favorite places in the world to travel to.
LONDON, April 28 Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Friday that the world economy needed a smooth Brexit and that they had asked Prime Minister Theresa May to ensure an orderly environment for businesses as the United Kingdom exits the European Union.
"The United Kingdom finds itself in the midst of major changes as it moves towards exiting the EU," Abe said through a translator at Chequers, the country house of the British prime minister.
"It is important for the global economy that Brexit takes place smoothly and successfully," they said. "I evaluate highly the fact that the UK is focusing on securing transparency, predictability and introducing a transition period."
They added that they had requested May ensures a stable environment for businesses, including Japanese businesses. (Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge; editing by Michael Holden)
mplantable drug delivery devices are drug eluting devices implanted at targeted sites for therapeutic applications. The global implantable drug delivery devices market was valued at USD 11.6 billion in 2011 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 8.8% from 2012 to 2018 to reach an estimated value of USD 21.1 billion in 2018. The Asian implantable drug delivery devices market held a market share of over 15% in 2011 and will register the fastest CAGR during 2012 to 2018 owing to economic development in emerging economies such as India and China.
View Report: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/implantable-drug-delivery-devices.html
In terms of market leaders for individual product segments, Medtronic led the market in the global implantable infusion pumps market in 2011; however, its market share is expected to plummet by 2018 due to the Class I product recall of SynchroMed II in 2012. On the other hand, Boston Scientific Corporation dominated the coronary drug eluting stents market in 2011. Furthermore, Allergan Inc. will dominate the global intraocular drug delivery market in the coming years, owing to the growing popularity of its biodegradable implant – “Ozurdex.”
Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=887
Implantable drug delivery devices gain precedence over other drug delivery devices due to the fact that these devices are implanted at the targeted site and deliver unaltered concentrations of drugs at regular intervals. The market overview and trends for the global implantable drug delivery devices is analyzed based on the following attributes:
Technological trends: The introduction of biodegradable technology based products such as biodegradable intraocular implants and bio-absorbable stents will accelerate the growth of the overall implantable drug delivery devices market. Moreover, these biodegradable implantable drug delivery devices will act as internal substitutes for already existing products such as non-biodegradable intraocular drug delivery implants and coronary drug eluting stents.
External substitutes: The presence of external substitutes and their technological advancement will restrain the growth of the market. For instance, the market growth of the brachytherapy seeds market is impeded by the advent of new technologies and the improvement of pre-existing alternative technologies such as HDR devices, image guided brachytherapy (IGBT) and pulse dose rate (PDR) treatments.
Barriers to new entrants: Implantable drug delivery devices are categorized as Class I high risk medical devices. The approval process of these medical devices involves complicated and stringent FDA and CE regulations and therefore, is an expensive and lengthy affair. Non-compliance of these regulations leads to product recalls. Moreover, the presence of manufacturers with large revenue base such as Merck, Bayer, and Johnson and Johnson, elevates the barrier to new entrants and makes it very difficult for new entrants to sustain themselves.
Patent expiration: Patent expiration of implantable drug delivery devices plays a very important role in determining the competitive scenario and overall market growth. For instance, the patent for Bayer's Mirena will expire in 2015 and this will open up the market for generic product manufacturers like Teva Pharmaceuticals.
Introduction of cheaper products especially in the global contraceptive drug delivery implants market will drive the market in the future. Manufacturers like Bayer and Merck have entered into strategic agreements with the UN, DFID and Marie Stopes International and are marketing their products in emerging and underdeveloped economies by reducing their prices by approximately 50%. Furthermore, the future market expansion strategies adopted by Shanghai Dahua Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd., that markets its contraceptive drug delivery implant known as Sino-implant at approximately USD 8, will affect the market by stiffening the competition for players like Merck and Bayer.
Enquiry for Discount on this Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=887
The operation involves dozens of countries and is supposed to prevent possible terrorist attacks in Europe.
Germany's Federal Intelligence Service (BND) is participating in a US-led covert operation against Daesh militants, according to German magazine Der Spiegel.
German officers have reportedly been involved in the operation, called Gallant Phoenix, since October 2017. The initiative includes 21 countries and is controlled from the US military base in Jordan.
The purpose of the mission is to collect information about Daesh militants by analyzing documents and examining their DNA traces and fingerprints have been found in the group's former strongholds in Syria and Iraq.
The magazine reported that the BND considers the operation extremely important for countering Daesh and preventing possible terrorist attacks in Europe.
The German government and the intelligence agency have not yet commented on the magazine's revelation.
READ MORE: Al-Qaeda Launches Recruitment Drive for Daesh Fighters — Reports
In late 2017, Daesh suffered an overwhelming defeat in Syria and Iraq, with the terrorist group being driven out from over 96 percent of the territory it once held and failing to reach its goal to establish a caliphate in the region.
In an attempt to mask its losses in Syria and Iraq, Daesh has started to increasingly commit terrorist acts beyond the Middle Eastern region, raising more and more security concerns among European politicians. In 2017, Islamist terrorism has assumed new dimensions in Europe, as a series of vehicle rampages and stabbing massacres hit its largest cities.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. - The need for Licensed Practical Nurses (LPNs) in the health care field is growing, and to meet the demand Bryant & Stratton College is excited to announce that they will be offering a brand new Practical Nursing Program starting in May. Campus Director Beth Murphy made a return visit to our studio and filled us in on the details. Summer classes begin at Bryant & Stratton on Wednesday, May 3rd. For more information you can call 804-745-2444 or visit http://www.bryantstratton.edu
Companies across St Helens and the North West are still losing out on millions of pounds of research and development tax savings every year compared to their counterparts across the rest of the UK, according to R&D tax relief specialist Jumpstart.
Despite an increase of 19 per cent year on year in the total R&D tax credits claimed in 2015-2016, analysis of the latest HMRC figures for full year ending 2016 shows that North West companies accounted for just 10% of total claims and a mere 6% of the total tax benefits claimed.
Russell McGrath, Business Development Manager for Jumpstart in the North West, commented: “These latest HMRC figures are an alarming demonstration of just how much North West companies are losing out in terms of tax savings compared to companies across the rest of the UK. Of the 26,255 claims across the UK totalling £2.9billion in tax benefits, only 2,665 claims came from companies in the North West and resulted in just £160million back.”
Of the 2,665 North West claims, 2,290 were claimed under the SME R&D scheme and the remainder were claimed under schemes for large companies.
London and the South East made the highest number of claims in the year. London companies accounted for 19 per cent of all claims and 29 per cent of the total tax relief claimed, and the South East accounted for 17 per cent of claims and 20 per cent of the total claimed.
The figures show a concentration of claims in the ‘Manufacturing' [28% of claims and 32% of total claimed]; ‘Professional, Scientific & Technical' [20% of claims and 23% of total claimed]; and ‘Information & Communication' [26% of claims and 20% of total claimed] sectors across the UK.
Mr McGrath continued: “Whilst uptake of the UK government's R&D tax relief scheme is increasing across the UK as a whole and is very healthy in certain regions, I don't feel companies in the North West are reaping the full benefits of the scheme.
“Also, local companies could be under claiming or over claiming because their technical project activities and expenditures are not being accurately interpreted against government legislation. As well as the introduction of increased scrutiny over claims by HMRC, the process of claiming is very much a technical assessment, so it is important that companies instruct a specialist advisor to handle this for them.
“There is huge scope for a much more focused uptake by companies in the North West. I would urge firms here to get in touch with Jumpstart or their advisors to find out more about how they can make significant tax savings through R&D tax credits if they are making a profit or get a cash credit if they are loss making.”
Since its inception, Jumpstart has helped its clients recover over £95million in R&D tax relief and has identified over £482million in eligible R&D expenditure.
World Player of the Year Cristiano Ronaldo has turned down the chance to leave Real Madrid for for a transfer fee of 300 million euros ($315.24 million), to China, their agent said .
Speaking to Sky Italia at the Globe Soccer Awards in Dubai, Jorge Mendes said the deal would have been worth 100 million euros a year to the Portugal striker.
The club making the offer from China has not been disclosed.
“From China they've offered 300 million euros to Real Madrid and more than 100 million per year to the player,” Mendes was quoted as saying.
“But money is not everything. Real Madrid is their life. Cristiano is happy at Real Madrid and it is impossible to go to China.
“The Chinese market is a new market. They can buy a lot of players but then again it is impossible to go for Ronaldo.”
News of the offer made to European champions Real came on the same day Argentine striker Carlos Tevez joined the Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua from Boca Juniors.
No financial details were disclosed but media reports said Shenhua had paid 84 million euros for former Manchester City and Manchester United forward Tevez.
Last week Brazil midfielder Oscar joined local rivals Shanghai SIPG from Chelsea for a fee that media reports put at 60 million euros.
The Chinese are breaking the bank to sign popular players to the country's league.
Comments
comments
A grandmother has been found guilty of murdering their 2-year-old grandson, who died after being thrown down a hallway.
Kathleen Elizabeth Cooper, 65, was standing trial in the High Court at Auckland accused of murdering their grandson Jermain Mason Ngawhau at their Manurewa home on December 13, 2015.
Justice Sarah Katz gave their closing remarks yesterday morning, before the jury of seven women and five men retired to begin deliberating their verdict.
The jury took about nine hours to reach their unanimous decision.
Advertisement
Justice Katz told them there was no dispute Cooper killed Jermain.
Cooper's lawyer, Paul Dacre QC, had earlier said their client was responsible for killing the toddler, but had shown no murderous intent and was therefore not guilty of murder.
Justice Katz said the key question for the jury to consider was whether Cooper had intended to kill Jermain.
The Crown had said the incident occurred after the toddler suffered a "toileting accident" and Cooper snapped.
Suffering serious head injuries, 2-year-old Jermain was rushed to Starship Hospital but died five days later.
Crown prosecutor Aaron Perkins QC earlier told the jury that when paramedics arrived at the home they found Jermain required immediate surgery.
"He had a severe head injury, emergency surgery was performed at Starship, but there was no hope - the injuries were too severe," Perkins said.
Jermain died on December 18, 2015, when their life support was switched off.
"The damage had been done," Perkins said. "The entire left side of their brain was effectively dead already.
"A very bleak picture, indeed."
Cooper had been caring for their daughter's four children at the time of Jermain's death, all of whom were pre-school age.
Jermain was also described as very small for a 2-year-old, with a weight of just 10.3kg and height of 79cm. They also suffered from learning difficulties and struggled to walk unaided.
The Crown said Cooper killed the toddler because they were too hard to toilet train and they were irritable from smoking methamphetamine.
Perkins argued the grandma was irritable on the day they killed Jermain, due to them coming down from a meth-induced high and was also getting little sleep.
Cooper's nephew told the court they smoked meth with Cooper, and Perkins further argued medical tests showed their grandkids had been exposed to the drug.
Jermain's mother Nadia Ngawhau told the court early in the trial they were "very disappointed, very sad" and "quite upset" that Child Youth and Family (CYF) had removed their children and placed them with Cooper.
However, they said their relationship with their mother was "great", and from what they saw their children loved their nana.
Cooper also initially blamed Jermain's death on their then 4-year-old granddaughter, whom they claimed hit the 2-year-old over the head with a computer tablet, Perkins said.
Cooper was convicted and will be sentenced on October 12.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
"Our house is under threat of being burned," Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. "We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters."
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
In San Diego, which is 130 miles (209 kilometres) to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 per cent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training centre, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smoulder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed their car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighbourhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
___
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in Fallbrook and Brian Melley and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
___
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
By Christopher Weber, The Associated Press
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan paid tribute Tuesday to the Armenians who died in the Ottoman Empire during World War I on the occasion of the international Armenian Genocide Remembrance Day.
"Once again, I remember with respect the Ottoman Armenians who lost their lives, and offer my sincere condolences to their children and descendants. On this occasion, I also pray for God's grace and mercy on millions of Ottoman citizens we lost due to contagious diseases, migration, war and clashes during the same period," Erdoğan said in a message to the religious ceremony held in the Armenian Patriarchate, obtained by Sputnik.
© AP Photo / Michael Sohn Germany's Responsibility for Armenian Genocide: First Step Toward Holocaust?
The president pointed out that the act of commemorating those who died during WWI was not confined by a specific belief, language, religion, or ethnic or cultural identity.
"Keeping that heritage as a nation, we strive today to strengthen the brotherhood, empathy, peace and serenity… God willing, we will continue to share your sufferings and bring solutions to your troubles and problems in the days ahead," Erdoğan said.
The leader noted that Ankara would not tolerate any marginalization or discrimination of any Turkish citizens based on faith, religion or outlook.
"I feel confident that our Armenian citizens will continue to contribute increasingly to our cultural, social, political and commercial life. As hitherto, I kindly request you to avoid helping those who resort to create hatred, grudge and hostility by distorting our common history. With these thoughts in my mind, I remember with respect, once again, the Ottoman Armenians whom we lost during the First World War," Erdoğan added.
According to different estimates, over 1 million Armenians were killed or starved to death by the Ottoman Empire during and after World War I. Turkey has repeatedly denied accusations of committing the mass murder of Armenians, claiming that the victims of the tragedy were both Turks and Armenians.
Three-year old Kendra Nicole Rojas, plays with pet bunnies at their uncle's home where they and their mother Karla Rojas, 26, (R) used to live but moved out after lead paint was found in the home in the Historic South Central neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States...
Until recently, California's Department of Public Health had not shared much localized information on children's lead levels, citing patient privacy laws and gaps in data it had collected.
That was troubling to reporters Josh Schneyer and Mike Pell, who wanted to identify the lead poisoning risks facing kids in every neighborhood in the world's richest country, including in the most populous county in the United States, Los Angeles, with 10 million inhabitants.
Beginning in mid 2016, Reuters began asking California and other states for information on the number of children tested; the number of children with elevated levels of lead in their blood as defined by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control; and a breakdown by Census tract or zip code.
California had previously published occasional state and countywide surveys of blood test results and for months resisted sharing more granular data. A reporting breakthrough came in October when, after repeated calls and emails, health officials agreed to release some limited data that tracked blood lead levels by zip code, allowing for observation by smaller areas.
With this data, Reuters was able to identify communities like Fruitvale, in Oakland, where rates of high lead tests among children were higher than in Flint, Michigan, where a state of emergency was declared in 2015 because of high lead levels in drinking water. This drew immediate concern from members of Oakland's city council.
Reporters pressed for more, and in March, California offered a better snapshot, providing previously unreleased data tracking childhood blood testing in a total of 546 zip codes, more than double what it had shared earlier. And this month, L.A. County provided a trove of census tract-level results covering most neighborhoods.
Especially illuminating was analyzing lead exposure down to the census tract, instead of across a whole state or county. For instance, Reuters found that while Los Angeles had a 2 percent rate of elevated lead tests countywide among small children, that figure can give at-risk communities a false sense of safety. As we report today, in hundreds of L.A. neighborhood areas – 323 in all – five percent or more of children tested had elevated exposure.
That's the same prevalence the CDC found in Flint, Michigan, during the peak of its lead contamination crisis. Twenty-six L.A. census tracts, in rich and poor areas alike, had rates at least double those found in Flint.
One of the Thomson Reuters Trust Principles is that Reuters “shall pay due regard to the many interests which it serves in addition to those of the media.” In this case, our goal was to act in the public interest – to inform health officials of the extent of the problem as well as people living in communities across California.
The twelfth year is now in the books at Phoronix. In 2016 on Phoronix there were 3,336 original news articles and 248 featured multi-page articles and Linux hardware reviews. That puts our total now at more than 21.3k news articles and 3.3k Linux hardware reviews and other featured articles. Happy New Year to all and 2017 will hopefully be even better.
In 2017 we can look forward to the continued advancements of open-source graphics drivers, the Linux kernel getting better and better, open-source software security continuing to improve, Steam / Linux gaming hopefully continuing to gain ground, Linux VR, Wayland desktops getting better, perhaps finally seeing the Ubuntu convergence strategy with Unity 8 and Mir playing out, and potentially a whole lot more.
I hope you enjoyed all the various year-end recaps on Phoronix. While I'm still battling through 365 days per year writing new content, working on benchmarks, and developing the Phoronix Test Suite, special thanks go out to Eric Griffith, our former intern who still contributes the occasional Linux gaming review/article. Also special thanks to community member "Tildearrow" via the forums who have been helping with some proofreading. And as always, many thanks to all of our readers -- particularly those who are Phoronix Premium subscribers or not engaging in ad-blocking on Phoronix. Phoronix Premium subscribers and advertisements are the only way that Phoronix is able to continue.
The longest time on Phoronix this year without new content was roughly 19 hours, when feeling rather burned out but it's continued now for nearly four years of having original new content on the site each and every day of the year.
Speaking of which, for those not able to afford the normal price of a Phoronix Premium subscription even though it's generally less than $3 per month, for the next few days I'll honor to those reading this message Phoronix Premium rates at just $20 USD for an annual subscription or $100 USD for the lifetime subscription. That way some of those blocking ads or those that weren't able to participate in any of the specials earlier this year can start the year out right and help out by joining Phoronix Premium to benefit from an ad-free site, multi-page articles on a single page, etc. To take advantage of the $20+ offer, follow the steps outlined in this earlier post while ignoring the dates in that post as I will honor the offer for the next week (let's say until 7 January 2017) to those taking the time to read this post.
In 2017 there will also be the continued work and improvements to the Phoronix Test Suite, OpenBenchmarking.org, LinuxBenchmarking.com, etc.
For marking the end of 2016, below are our 16 most viewed articles and news items of the year. Anyhow, off to spend the rest of the day now with the wife and dogs while enjoying some Augustiner Edelstoff and Weihenstephaner Kellerbier. Back in the morning with more Linux benchmarks and other articles. Here's to an even better 2017 with your support!
Other Letdowns For Linux / Open-Source Users From 2015
When ending out 2015 I wrote about some of the open-source Linux letdowns of the year while since then Phoronix readers have suggested more items that they were sad to see not materialize this year.
Btrfs RAID 5/6 Code Found To Be Very Unsafe & Will Likely Require A Rewrite
It turns out the RAID5 and RAID6 code for the Btrfs file-system's built-in RAID support is faulty and users should not be making use of it if you care about your data.
X.Org Might Lose Its Domain Name
Unless there's a miracle, the X.Org Foundation stands to lose one of its biggest assets: its single-letter domain name.
LLVM Patches Confirm Google Has Its Own In-House Processor
Patches published by Google developers today for LLVM/Clang confirm that the company has at least one in-house processor of its own.
Systemd Rolls Out Its Own Mount Tool
Systemd-mount is the newest tool added to systemd by Lennart Poettering.
In A UEFI World, "rm -rf /" Can Brick Your System
Running rm -rf / on any UEFI Linux distribution can potentially perma-brick your system.
Video & Input Driver ABIs Will Change Again For X.Org Server 1.19
A few days ago the X.Org video and input driver ABI versions were bumped again following some breaks in the interface.
I've Had Enough & Today Everyone Has The Phoronix Premium Experience
Notice something different about your viewing experience today of Phoronix...?
Mozilla's Servo Is Whooping The Other Browsers In Performance
While the Rust-written Servo engine being developed by Mozilla is still experimental, Google's Jake Archibald has done a performance comparison of Servo against other engines and the results are mighty impressive.
Some Early Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu Linux Vulkan Tests With NVIDIA Graphics
While waiting to test Ubuntu Bash on Windows, I decided to run some (manual) tests of Vulkan on Windows compared to some recent Ubuntu Linux figures with different NVIDIA graphics cards.
An AMD ARM 64-bit Dev Board Is Launching For $299 USD
Since last year we have been waiting for AMD to launch their "HuskyBoard" ARM development board built around their Opteron A1100 ARM 64-bit SoC. That board was originally supposed to ship in Q4'15 while now available for pre-order is a new A1100 development board that looks like it may be taking its place.
Google Working On New "Fuchsia" Operating System, Powered By Magenta / LK Kernel
Google appears to be working on a new operating system that's written from scratch and appears to be targeted both phones and PCs, among other form factors.
Opera Developer Update Lands RSS Reader, Chromecast Capability
For those still using the cross-platform Opera web browser, a new developer build is available today that provides new features.
Valve Expected To Show Off Linux VR Demo Today
The HTC Vive was supposed to ship with Linux support but that hadn't materialized... But it looks like it now has. Valve is expected to show off a VR Linux demo during this week's Steam Dev Days event in Seattle.
The AMDGPU Additions For Linux 4.7 Are Enormous
More AMDGPU DRM driver changes have been queued up for the Linux 4.7 kernel merge window that's expected to open next week.
Is The Linux Kernel Scheduler Worse Than People Realize?
A number of Phoronix readers have been pointing out material to indicate that the Linux kernel scheduler isn't as good as most people would assume.
And the most viewed articles of 2016:
Vulkan 1.0 Released: What You Need To Know About This Cross-Platform, High-Performance Graphics API
Today's the day! It's Vulkan day! After the better part of two years of hard work, Vulkan 1.0 is ready to meet the world! Today The Khronos Group is announcing the release of Vulkan 1.0 with an embargo that just expired. This hard-launch today is met by the public release of the first conformant driver. The first Vulkan-powered game is also in public beta as of today, but the Linux situation as of today isn't entirely exciting for end-users/gamers as most vendors are still baking their Linux support with Windows generally taking priority. However, even ignoring operating system differences, you need to make sure your expectations are realistic before trying to fire up a Vulkan game while giving developers time to learn and design for this new graphics API.
Raspberry Pi 3 Benchmarks vs. Eight Other ARM Linux Boards
On Friday my Raspberry Pi 3 arrived for benchmarking. For our first benchmarks of this Cortex-A53 64-bit ARM $35 development board is a comparison against eight other ARMv7 and ARMv8 development boards running their official Linux distributions while carrying out a range of benchmarks. Here are those raw performance results along with a performance-per-dollar comparison for additional insight into this low-cost ARM development board.
AMD Radeon RX 480 On Linux
After weeks of anticipation, AMD's high-end Radeon RX 480 "Polaris" graphics card is officially launching today! This graphics card starts at just $199 USD (or $239 USD for the 8GB version) and has day-one Linux support! There's available open-source driver support as well as an AMDGPU-PRO update that's expected today for those wanting to make use of this newer hybrid Linux driver stack. I've been testing the Radeon RX 480 under Linux the past week under both driver stacks and have my initial results to share this morning.
KDE Plasma 5.5 Has Evolved Well Beyond Where Plasma 4 Ended
Ken Vermette has written a lengthy article for us about their thoughts on the state of the KDE Plasma 5 desktop as of the recent 5.5 release. If you are curious how KDE Plasma 5 is panning out, how it works on Wayland, and much more, this article is a definite must-read.
Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu 16.04 Gaming With NVIDIA's GTX 1070 & GTX 1080
For your viewing pleasure this Friday is our largest Windows vs. Linux graphics/gaming performance comparison ever conducted at Phoronix in the past 12 years! With the brand new NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 and GTX 1080 graphics cards, their performance was compared under Windows 10 Pro x64 and Ubuntu 16.04 x86_64 when using the very latest NVIDIA Corp drivers for each OS. A range of Steam gaming benchmarks and more were done, including some cross-platform Vulkan graphics benchmarks. Continue on for this interesting comparison.
Ubuntu 6.06 To Ubuntu 16.04 LTS Performance Benchmarks: 10 Years Of Linux Performance
As I'm in the process of retiring an old AMD Opteron dual-socket system, prior to decommissioning it, I figured it would be fun to go back and re-benchmark all of the Ubuntu LTS releases going all the way back to the legendary 6.06 Dapper Drake release. So here are some fresh benchmarks of this AMD Shanghai system with eight cores and 16GB of RAM when re-benchmarking the releases from Ubuntu 6.06 through the latest Ubuntu 16.04 LTS development state.
How Ubuntu 16.04 Is Performing With AMDGPU/Radeon Graphics Compared To Ubuntu 14.04 With FGLRX
With Ubuntu dropping support for the AMD fglrx/Catalyst driver in their upcoming 16.04 LTS "Xenial Xerus" release and manually installing the driver doesn't sound like an option, many have renewed interest in how the open-source Radeon driver stack is performing for Ubuntu 16.04 that's due out next month. In this article are benchmarks comparing the performance of Ubuntu 14.04.4 LTS (on both the open and closed drivers) to that of Ubuntu 16.04 LTS with the sole AMD Linux driver option on a variety of graphics cards.
How Ubuntu 16.04 Is Performing Compared To Five Other Linux Distributions
As it's been a month since our last large Linux distribution comparison (a 10-way Linux distribution battle), here are some fresh benchmarks of six Linux distributions to see how their out-of-the-box performance compares. From a Core i7 Broadwell system, the updated versions of Clear Linux, Fedora 23, CentOS 7, openSUSE 42.1, Ubuntu 15.10, and Ubuntu 16.04 LTS were compared.
For A Few Dollars More Than The Raspberry Pi 3 You Can Have A Much Faster Board
Yesterday's Raspberry Pi 3 Benchmarks vs. Eight Other ARM Linux Boards was quite interesting while today I have a complementary data point: the Raspberry Pi 3 compared to the ODROID-C2. The ODROID-C2 costs just a few dollars more ($40 USD) while having a faster SoC and other advantages.
The Performance Of Ubuntu Software Running On Windows 10 With The New Linux Subsystem
At the end of March was the surprising news about Microsoft bringing Bash and Ubuntu's user-space to Windows 10 via a new "Linux subsystem" for natively dealing with Linux ELF binaries atop Windows. Since last week the latest Windows Insider update now ships with said support for being able to run Bash and other Ubuntu user-space programs on Windows 10. I've been benchmarking the performance of Ubuntu/Linux software on Windows 10 and have some results to share comparing it to a clean Ubuntu installation.
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 Offers Great Performance On Linux
Today's the day that we can finally publish NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 benchmarks! Today the GTX 1060 begins shipping as NVIDIA's $249 Pascal graphics card to take the Radeon RX 480 head-on. Here's all of the Linux benchmarks you've been waiting to see for the GTX 1060 under Vulkan, OpenGL, OpenCL, and CUDA. compared to various other AMD Radeon and NVIDIA GeForce GPUs on Ubuntu Linux.
Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu 16.04 Graphics Performance With Radeon Software, AMDGPU-PRO, AMDGPU+RadeonSI
Yesterday I published some Windows 10 vs. Ubuntu 16.04 Linux gaming benchmarks using the GeForce GTX 1070 and GTX 1080 graphics cards. Those numbers were interesting with the NVIDIA proprietary driver but for benchmarking this weekend are Windows 10 results with Radeon Software compared to Ubuntu 16.04 running the new AMDGPU-PRO hybrid driver as well as the latest Git code for a pure open-source driver stack.
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 On Linux: OpenGL, OpenCL, Vulkan Performance
$699 USD is a lot to spend on a graphics card, but damn they are a beauty. Last month NVIDIA launched the GeForce GTX 1080 as the current top-end Pascal card and looked great under Windows while now finally having my hands on the card the past few days I've been putting it through its paces under Ubuntu Linux with the major open APIs of OpenGL, OpenCL, Vulkan, and VDPAU. Not only is the raw performance of the GeForce GTX 1080 on Linux fantastic, but the performance-per-Watt improvements made my jaw drop more than a few times. Here are my initial Linux results of the Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1080 Founder's Edition.
A 10-Way Linux Distribution Battle To Kick Off 2016
As our first multi-way Linux distribution comparison of 2016, I took ten different modern Linux distribution releases and benchmarked them on the same Intel Haswell system. Being benchmarked were various releases of Ubuntu, OpenSUSE, Debian, Clear Linux, Fedora, Antergos, and CentOS.
15-Way Linux OS Comparison Shows Mixed High-Performing Linux Distributions
Succeeding January's 10-way Linux distribution battle is now a 15-way Linux distribution comparison on an Intel Xeon "Skylake" system with Radeon R7 graphics. Distributions part of this Linux OS performance showdown include Fedora, Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, OpenSUSE, Antergos, Sabayon, Void Linux, Zenwalk, KaOS, Clear Linux, and Alpine Linux.
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 460 vs. 760 vs. 960 vs. 1060 Linux Performance
To complement yesterday's launch-day GeForce GTX 1060 Linux review, here are some more benchmark results with the various NVIDIA x60 graphics cards I have available for testing going back to the GeForce GTX 460 Fermi. If you are curious about the raw OpenGL/OpenCL/CUDA performance and performance-per-Watt for these mid-range x60 graphics cards from Fermi, Kepler, Maxwell, and Pascal, here are these benchmarks from Ubuntu 16.04 Linux.
Minister for Finance Ken Ofori-Atta has stated that government has initiated a prudent economic action plan to ensure that Ghana becomes self-reliant in financing its economy.
They said the “Ghana beyond aid” policy strategy was the agenda government would use to achieve the desired goal.
“The agenda focuses more on how to use our own revenue mobilised to restore the economic fortunes of Ghana. But that does not mean government will reject international assistance.” they said.
The Finance Minister disclosed in Accra when they addressed the third Aliu Mahama memorial lecture on the theme, ‘Transforming Ghana beyond Aid: How we get there' in Accra.
They said the government strategies outlined in the 2018 budget included the need to strengthen the capacity of indigenous banks to drive the country's economic development, noting that a concerted effort was needed to improve the country's financial sector to support the developmental agenda of government.
Mr. Ofori-Atta noted that for Ghana to take greater control of their economic destiny, a robust financial sector capable of financing the transformation agenda was needed.
They were optimistic of government's commitment to make Ghana a multi-billion financial economy that would leverage Ghana as a financial hub in Africa.
“I think it is time we take deliberate steps to build the capacity of our local banks to become major participants in this assured multi-billion dollar money market right here in Ghana,” they said.
The Finance Minister announced government's plans to build an integrated aluminum industry by establishing an aluminum authority, adding that a draft bill is being taken through the necessary process for its establishment.
They said Ghana could benefit between 2 to 10 billion dollars annually when it becomes operational.
“The Tema Oil Refinery which is currently faced with major challenges will be fully functional from the first quarters of 2018 to support the economy,” they said.
The Finance minister said, “About one trillion dollars was expected from the government Planting for Food and Job programme whilst plans are also far advanced to develop the country's railway system to interconnect with farming communities.”
Mr. Ofori-Atta noted that the Ghana Railway Development and the Ghana Port and Harbour Authority were working on the roadmap to strengthen the country's railway system.
BY BERNARD BENGHAN
Recipients selected by coaches associations during 2017-18 school year
COLUMBUS, Ohio – Throughout the 2017-18 school year, the coaches associations of the sports sanctioned by the Ohio High School Athletic Association had the opportunity to select one of their own for an OHSAA Sportsmanship, Ethics and Integrity Award. Recipients are recognized during the state tournament of their respective sport or at their annual coaches clinic.
The OHSAA congratulates the award winners and thanks them for their outstanding service to Ohio's student-athletes. Individuals selected reflect the values of sportsmanship, ethics and integrity through their professional responsibilities and are role models for others.
The OHSAA is proud to recognize the following coaches who received OHSAA Sportsmanship, Ethics and Integrity Awards during the 2017-18 school year. They include:
2017-18 OHSAA Sportsmanship, Ethics and Integrity Award Winners
Girl Sports
Jennifer Music, Girls Basketball, Dublin Scioto High School
Sandy Debos, Girls Cross Country, Zoarville Tuscarawas Valley High School
Allie Kinniard, Field Hockey, Lancaster High School
Larry McCoppin, Gymnastics, Clayton Northmont High School & Troy High School
Marianne Utz, Girls Golf, Cincinnati Ursuline Academy High School
Russell Mackey, Girls Lacrosse, Cincinnati Mount Notre Dame High School
Pam Malone, Girls Soccer, Chagrin Falls High School
Liann Muff, Softball, Mason High School
Dave Wharton, Girls Swimming and Diving, New Albany High School
Mary Kay Minder, Girls Tennis, Toledo St. Ursula Academy High School
Joe King, Girls Track and Field, Rocky River Lutheran West High School
Scott Taylor, Volleyball, Cortland Lakeview High School
None Selected, Girls Bowling
Boys Sports
Al Shumar, Baseball, Cincinnati Aiken High School
Mark Romick, Boys Basketball, Hannibal River High School
Jeff McDaniel, Boys Cross Country, Troy Christian High School
Brian Unk, Boys Golf, Columbus St. Charles High School
Tom Nugent, Boys Lacrosse, Cincinnati Elder High School
Steve Thomas, Boys Soccer, Cincinnati Wyoming High School
Todd Boyle, Boys Swimming and Diving, Pepper Pike Orange High School
Mike Teets, Boys Tennis, Cincinnati Sycamore High School
Mark Cook, Boys Track and Field, Wapakoneta High School
Rich Washinko, Football, Youngstown Boardman High School
Ben Barlow, Ice Hockey, Kent Roosevelt High School
Steve Funk, Wrestling, Gibsonburg High School & Toledo St. John's High School
None Selected, Boys Bowling
OHSAA SB, BB, LAX and TF State Tournament Pairings and Information
Softball, baseball, lacrosse and track & field state tournaments on the schedule for this week
COLUMBUS, Ohio – The Ohio High School Athletic Association will conduct state tournaments this week in softball, baseball, lacrosse and track and field. State tournament pairings and information are listed below, including broadcast details.
OHSAA State Tournament Media Credential Information: http://ohsaa.org/news/credentials
2018 OHSAA Baseball State Tournament Pairings
Home team listed first. All games at Huntington Park, Columbus.
Rankings are from final coaches association state poll.
All games on OHSAA Radio Network: http://www.ohsaa.org/news/radio
State championship games on Spectrum TV on channel 311 in Central & Southwest Ohio and channel 314 in Northeast Ohio.
Pay-per-view, live stats and state tournament coverage: https://bit.ly/2s5yLch
Division IV
Garfield Heights Trinity (22-3) vs. No. 15 Fort Loramie (25-6), Thurs., 10 a.m.
No. 9 Hicksville (20-5) vs. No. 1 Mowrystown Whiteoak (28-2), Thurs., 1 p.m.
Div. IV State Championship: Sat., 10 a.m.
Division III
No. 6 Coldwater (25-6) vs. No. 12 Minford (24-2), Thurs., 4 p.m.
Cincinnati Madeira (21-6) vs. Canfield South Range (16-15), Thurs., 7 p.m.
Div. III State Championship: Sat., 1 p.m.
Division I
Medina Highland (19-9) vs. No. 2 Powell Olentangy Liberty (26-4), Fri., 10 a.m.
No. 8 Whitehouse Anthony Wayne (25-4) vs. No. 7 Mason (26-5), Fri., 1 p.m.
Div. I State Championship: Sat., 4 p.m.
Division II
No. 6 Ontario (25-3) or No. 1 Wapakoneta (22-1) – Regional Final Sunday at 1 p.m. at Bowling Green vs. Circleville (19-10), Fri., 4 p.m.
No. 17 Tallmadge (18-11) vs. Dayton Chaminade Julienne (22-5), Fri., 7 p.m.
Div. II State Championship: Sat., 7 p.m.
2018 OHSAA Softball State Tournament Pairings
Home Team Listed First. All games at Akron Firestone Stadium.
Rankings are from the final Ohio High School Fastpitch Softball Coaches Association State Poll.
All games on OHSAA Radio Network: http://www.ohsaa.org/news/radio
State championship games on Spectrum TV tape-delay on channel 311 on Sunday, June 3.
Live stats, video streaming and state tournament coverage: https://bit.ly/2IzwG2y
Division II
Beloit West Branch (26-3) vs. No. 8 Plain City Jonathan Alder (21-6), Thurs., 10 a.m.
No. 1 LaGrange Keystone (32-0) vs. Lancaster Fairfield Union (14-10), Thurs., 12:30 p.m.
State Final: Sat., 10 a.m.
Division I
No. 3 Perrysburg (30-2) vs. West Chester Lakota West (25-3), Thurs., 3 p.m.
Ashville Teays Valley (23-3) vs. Massillon Perry (23-5), Thurs., 5:30 p.m.
State Final: Sat., 1 p.m.
Division IV
No. 1 Jeromesville Hillsdale (24-2) or Sycamore Mohawk (19-7) – Regional Final Sunday, 1 p.m. vs. Bradford (22-3), Fri., 10 a.m.
Defiance Tinora (17-6) vs. No. 5 Strasburg-Franklin (20-5), Fri., 12:30 p.m.
State Final: Sat., 4 p.m.
Division III
No. 3 Richwood North Union (25-2) vs. No. 1 Warren Champion (29-0), Fri., 3 p.m.
No. 4 Cardington-Lincoln (25-3) vs. Lore City Buckeye Trail (22-3), Fri., 5:30 p.m.
State Final: Sat., 7 p.m.
2018 OHSAA Lacrosse State Tournament Pairings
Home team listed first.
State championship games on Spectrum TV. Div. II girls, Div. II boys & Div. I girls streamed live & airing on channel 314 in Central & SW Ohio and channel 314 in NE Ohio. Div. I boys airs on both channels 311 & 314 following Div. II baseball & Crew SC match separately.
Streaming, live stats and state tournament coverage: https://bit.ly/2sdQ7CS
Girls Division I
New Albany (20-1) vs. Hudson (14-2) at Wooster High School, Wed. at 5 p.m.
Cin. Sycamore (9-11) vs. Upper Arlington (19-0) at Day. Oakwood High School, Wed. at 7 p.m.
State Final: at Selby Stadium, Ohio Wesleyan University, Sat. at 4 p.m.
Girls Division II
Chagrin Falls (12-7) vs. Rocky River (19-3) at Oberlin College – Knowlton Stadium, Wed. at 5:15 p.m.
Cols. St. Francis DeSales (18-3) vs. Cin. Mariemont (15-4) at Day. Chaminade Julienne High School, Tues. at 5:15 p.m.
State Final: at Selby Stadium, Ohio Wesleyan University, Sat. at 10 a.m.
Boys Division I
Dublin Coffman (21-1) vs. Cle. St. Ignatius (15-7) at Wooster High School, Wed. at 7:15 p.m.
Cin. St. Xavier (17-3) vs. Worthington Kilbourne (17-5) at Day. Chaminade Julienne High School, Wed. at 7 p.m.
State Final: at Selby Stadium, Ohio Wesleyan University, Sat. at 7 p.m.
Boys Division II
Chagrin Falls (16-1) vs. Tol. Ottawa Hills (19-1) at Oberlin College – Knowlton Stadium, Wed. at 7:30 p.m.
Cin. Mariemont (18-2) vs. Cols. St. Francis DeSales (17-3) at Day. Chaminade Julienne High School, Tues. at 7:30 p.m.
State Final: at Selby Stadium, Ohio Wesleyan University, Sat. at 1 p.m.
2018 OHSAA Track and Field State Tournament Information
– State Tournament Schedule: http://www.ohsaa.org/Portals/0/Sports/Track-Field/StateMeetSchedule.pdf
– State Qualifiers: http://www.baumspage.com/ohsaa/tf/2018/index.htm
– Stadium Facility Diagram: http://www.ohsaa.org/Portals/0/Sports/Track-Field/2018/FacilityDiagram.pdf
– Pay-per-view Streaming and Other State Tournament Coverage: https://bit.ly/2sdQ7CS
– Live Results at Finish Timing: http://www.finishtiming.com/
o Division I: http://live.finishtiming.com/#/results/meet/201800192
o Division II: http://live.finishtiming.com/#/results/meet/201800193
o Division III: http://live.finishtiming.com/#/results/meet/201800194
State Track and Field Announcements: http://ohsaa.org/news-media/articles/ArtMID/2006/ArticleID/328/OHSAA-Track-Field-State-Tournament-Notes
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/05/kidssportsmanship2color_p.png
On May 6 at 7 a.m., the 30th annual Kanab 10K race will begin at Moqui Cave just north of Kanab and follow Highway 89 through the narrow red rock canyon into Kanab with a finish at the Kanab City Park. Racers must be at the park at 100 E 500 N by 6:30 a.m. to take a shuttle bus to the starting line. There will be a prize for the fastest mother-daughter combined time and the fastest mother-son combined time.
Walkers and runners must complete the first five miles of the course in two hours or less. Strollers will be allowed on the course.
The entry fee includes a t-shirt designed by Kanab artist Mikelle Stott; a post-race breakfast including a fresh fruit, mini muffins, donut holes, and juice compliments of Glazier's Market; and a raffle ticket for a drawing that includes prizes from community business. Custom trophies made from sandstone quarried near Kanab by Western Hills will be awarded three deep in each age division. Additionally, first place finishers in each age category will receive gift certificates to St. George Running Center. There will also be a drawing to win a guaranteed paid entry into the St. George Marathon.
Packet pickup will be in Kanab May 5 from 5 to 8 p.m. at the Kanab City Office, located at 26 N 100 E. Registration is available online at kanab10k.com.
Articles related to “Kanab hosts 30th annual 10K race”
The Iranian Central Bank has established the secondary currency market to allow exporters of non-oil goods to sell their foreign currency earnings to importers of consumer products as part of Tehran's strategy to ease conditions amid the resumption of US sanctions.
Iranian Central Bank governor Valiollah Seif said the secondary currency market would help "minor importers" buy their dollars, and emphasized that the price of the dollar would be set according to market supply and demand, Press TV has reported.
The move will allow some 20% of the dollars from the export of non-oil products (also excluding steel, petrochemical and minerals) to be sold in the secondary currency market at rates mutually agreed upon by exporters and importers.
The Central Bank's decision comes amid new record-lows in the exchange rate for the US dollar on the unofficial market, with the Iranian rial dropping as low as 87,000 rials to the dollar on Sunday against about 75,500 late last week. The rial's plunge in the spring prompted authorities to close numerous currency exchanges amid suspected speculative operations Tehran believed were contributing to the drop and causing turmoil in the exchange rate. As of mid-2018, the rial has dropped by well over half compared to mid-2017's rate of 37,700 rials per dollar.
President Trump's decision to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal and reimpose sanctions against Tehran is also believed to have played a role in the rial's ongoing depreciation.
Iran has sought to reduce dependence on the dollar via a package of measures, including increased trade using the euro and other currencies.
April 13 Second Sight Medical Products Inc
* Second Sight Medical Products - Argus II retinal prosthesis system been implanted in 1st patient in Asia through exclusive distribution partnership with Orient Europharma Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Food Looking for a great recipe? Find it now & see how it?s all made by watching recipe videos.
Health Finds the latest health headlines & videos, plus get tips for healthy living.
Links Looking for a website or event you heard mentioned on News 9? Find it here!
Newsletters Sign up now to receive news, weather, recipes and more from News9.com
“The Dutch colonial history remains a hot topic in the Indonesia-Netherland relationship. For example, Coen. Some people considered them a hero and some think they are a mass murderer. This is a controversial part of our history because there are people who want to remember them and there are those who just want to forget,” Iswanto told the Jakarta Globe via video call recently.
The half-Chinese, half-Purworejo artist interpreted their idea using a full scale wax figure of Coen. Like a candle, the sculpture is being burned slowly until the exhibit ends in mid November.
“I am using wax as a medium because it represents the tension between remembering and forgetting. In Western and some religious traditions, burning a candle is done to remember those who past away. In order to forget, we must first remember. This duality or ambiguity is opening new perspectives on how we see our past,” Iswanto said.
Iswanto also used their art installation “Golden Coach (Kereta Kencana)” to challenge the narratives on Dutch colonial heritage in Indonesia.
“The Golden Coach that was used by Dutch aristocrats are still being used today by our royalties [the sultanate/keraton] as a symbol of prestige and honor without any sense of guilt,” Iswanto said, adding that it was the Dutch colonists who tried to remove the feudal system in Indonesia.
In former President Soeharto's New Order era, many Dutch colonial heritage artifacts were destroyed, erased or “turned” into Indonesian. Names of streets and buildings were changed to Indonesian names, and many monuments and statues were destroyed, “but, our judicial and education system remained Dutch.”
Among other installations that Iswanto displays include a wax replica of The Vlakkenhoek Lighthouse in Sumatera, Belgica Fort in Banda Aceh, Amsterdam Gate in Jakarta, The Newkerk Museum or Wayang Museum in Jakarta, Mohr Observatorium in Jakarta and a video on Banda Island in Maluku. Banda, the nutmeg island, was declared a UNESCO world heritage site in 2005. Iswanto also displays animal hunting trophies made from wax, such as boar, Bengal Tiger and Java Rhinos.
A replica of animal hunting trophies made from wax on displayed at Oude Kerk Church in Amsterdam. The wax sculptures are made by Indonesian artist Iswanto Hartono for their exhibition of the Dutch colonial history in Indonesia. This exhibition is a part of the biannual Europalia Arts Festival which will officially start on Oct. 10. (Photo courtesy of Iswanto Hartono)
“Hunting is human nature. The colonist hunts for trophies to express a sense of power. In contrast, Indonesian locals at that time hunted for food. Hunting animals also has a personal sentiment because it was an activity I enjoyed with my family when I was little,” they said.
Indonesia is the main guest of honor at the biannual Europalia Arts Festival held across Europe, which will officially start on Oct. 10 and end in January 2018. The countries include the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Poland, France and Austria, which will see hundreds of cultural events, dance and theater shows, music performances, literature events, screenings and exhibitions. Some of these exhibitions, such as wayang workshop and a culinary festival, had already started in Brussels.
The Mont des Arts in Brussels, Belgium, will be center stage throughout most of the show.
More than 300 Indonesian artists, from dancers to filmmakers, are participating in the event held to introduce Indonesia's rich culture and history to Europeans.
Mr. Boniface Gambila, former Member of Parliament for the Nabdam Constituency in the Upper East Region has said the implementation of the free Senior High School programme is a cardinal human resource opportunity for the country's development.
They said it was not just a political pledge, because the development of any country depended on its quality human resource, and the ongoing policy had vindicated the New Patriotic Party (NPP), in their campaign promises.
Mr Gambila, who is also a former Upper East Regional Minister, said this in an interview with the media after launching the free SHS policy at the Kongo SHS in the Nabdam District.
According to him, the package logically covered the second and third year students because the progressive free secondary education which government was paying for covered the continuing students too.
They said northern students were already enjoying a scholarship, and so the continuing students could not have been added to the free SHS policy. “All we did was to start with those who did not have,” they emphasised.
Asked if there was adequate infrastructure to accommodate the students, Mr. Gambila said infrastructural challenges existed since Dr Kwame Nkrumah's regime, and recalled that “last year for instance, we did not have free SHS, but there was accommodation problem, there were furniture and books problems”.
They said, “You cannot build all the structures before people go to school, people must go to schools under trees, like we did under Nkrumah before they built the Trust Schools. We were under trees and enjoying free education.”He insisted that all classrooms could not be built before people went to school.
Mr Ambrose Kwaku Johnson, the principal of the school, said the school had a total population of 2,069 students and staff strength of 89 teaching staff and 47 non-teaching staff.
They said by dint of hard work, the school had chalked lots of successes in academic, sports, and arts and culture among others.
This, they said did not “occur by accident, but by the commitment of the teaching and non-teaching staff, who worked assiduously to ensure that students received the best tuition to prepare them adequately for the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE)”.
Mr. Johnson said 663 free SHS students comprising 365 girls and 298 boys enrolled in the school for the 2017/2018 academic years.
They said the school was saddled with some challenges before the implementation of the free SHS programme, and appealed to government to assist the school with a science laboratory, library, Assembly hall, Administration block, staff accommodation and a Home Science Block to enhance teaching and learning.
The principal further appealed to the paramount and divisional chiefs of the area to assist the school to construct a fence wall to instill discipline and ward off intruders from the school.
GNA
This weekend, the annual Texas bigfoot conference is being held in Jefferson.
A piece of film shot 50 years ago, supposedly by a cowboy in a California forest, sparked a mystery that remains to this day.
The infamous "big foot film". Held at the Jefferson tourism building, this year's Texas bigfoot conference addressed members of the chamber of commerce on how tourism can benefit by having their research groups in their community.
But the search for the elusive giant is priority.
"I had a personal sighting in Louisiana in 1994 coming back from a weekend vacation. It was 7 foot tall, covered with hair and walking on two legs.
I'm sure everybody has seen the Patterson-Gimlen film. 50 years later that's still the best public evidence of the creature. "I believe it was a living breathing creature, not a man in a suit," says Craig Woolheater of the Texas bigfoot research center.
Anne and Kenny Walls had their own experience in Huffman Texas 2010.
"I had a visual encounter on my own property. This thing was very tall, very fast, very black and moved quickly. I was a skeptic myself and all I know is I saw what I saw," Anne says.
"It was 7 to 8 foot tall, black and skinny walking across the road. I've got a lot of hunter friends and they say why haven't we caught it on a game came, and I say because they're smarter than you," Kenny says.
But 50 years after the Patterson film, one thing remains for those trying to solve the mystery. Definitive physical evidence that this creature exists.
"We will never know for sure unless we have a body," says Anne.
But some hope bigfoot will never be found.
"The fun is in the hunt, probably never to find it. That mystery, That's always still there," Kenny says.
"I think it is a real creature. There's something out there," Woolheater says.
The Texas bigfoot conference goes on Friday and Saturday at the Jefferson tourism building on east Austin street, with guest speakers and exhibits on bigfoot research.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
A Danish-German research team has shown that not only the where and when of long non-coding RNA expression is important for their function but also the how. The results can have a big impact on our understanding of dynamic regulation of gene expression in biological processes.
The cells of our body are divided into several compartments with specialized functions. DNA contains our genetic information and is localized in the cell nucleus where gene production is controlled. The nucleus is divided into the soluble nucleoplasm and the insoluble chromatin. Messenger RNA (mRNA) encodes for proteins, and the process of translation occurs in the cytoplasm. On the other hand, long non-coding RNAs primarily work in the nucleus, where they are essential components of controlling gene expression.
The research team has paid particular attention to long non-coding RNAs that can enhance the production of specific mRNAs, and hence proteins, in breast cancer cells. They show that the expression of long non-coding RNAs can result in particularly high expression levels of specific proteins with involvement in cancer.
What is particular novel in the study is that not only where and how much of a particular long non-coding RNA is produces matter, but also how the long non-coding RNA is dynamically distributed within the cell. The authors show that the long non-coding RNA called A-ROD (Activating Regulator Of DKK1 expression) is only functional the moment it is released from chromatin into the nucleoplasm. At this transient phase, it can bring transcription factors - proteins controlling the synthesis of other genes - to specific sites in DNA to enhance gene expression. After its complete release from chromatin, A-ROD is no longer active as an enhancing long non-coding RNA. In a way, A-ROD functions as a lasso that can be thrown from DNA to catch proteins.
The results are exciting both from an experimental and therapeutic point-of-view, as the strategies for targeting RNA expression in the cytoplasm, the nucleoplasm and at chromatin differ widely. The team behind the study believes that these differences can be exploited to optimize the approaches for targeting RNA-dependent processes in disease. A future scientific goal is to identify more of the non-coding RNA lassoes to fully understand their potential and application in regulation of gene expression.
###
The research has been carried out by researchers from Aarhus University's Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics and the Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics in Berlin. Ulf Andersson Vang Ørom, Associate Professor at Aarhus University, has been in charge of the research team behind the study just published in the prestigious journal Nature Communications.
Long ncRNA A-ROD activates its target gene DKK1 at its release from chromatin. Evgenia Ntini, Annita Louloupi, Julia Liz, Jose Muino, Annalisa Marsico and Ulf Andersson Vang Ørom. doi: 10.1038/s41467-018-04100-3.
For further information, please contact
Associate Professor Ulf Andersson Vang Ørom
Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics,
Aarhus Universite, Denmark
ulf.orom@mbg.au.dk - +45 22288766
Nearly 40 years after the Summer Olympics brought festive crowds and top athletes from all over the world to Soviet Moscow, the Russian capital is again in the spotlight, hosting another major sports event, the 2018 FIFA World Cup. Check out Sputnik's gallery to discover how these epic tournaments have changed the city.
On June 14, the 2018 FIFA World Cup kicked off in Russia for the first time in the country's history with a colorful opening ceremony at Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium. Football matches will be played all throughout the country until July 15, when the final takes place. At this very stadium, on July 19, 1980, the Olympic flame was lit, commencing the 1980 Summer Games. This is not the only thing that these two sports festivals have in common, although a lot has changed over the last four decades – even the country's name is different. From happy fans to top athletes and celebrations — Sputnik's has picked the highlights.
Author: CDC
CDC 11/12/17 - This was the view from the VRT Tower on Monday morning as Brussels was covered in a blanket of snow.
Pence: N Korea "should make no mistake that the United States of America... will see to the security of this region" https://t.co/Sx9nubqIEh
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
In an interview from the Korean demilitarized zone that aired Monday on CNN's “New Day,” Vice President Mike Pence told network chief political correspondent Dana Bash the United States and its allies would take the necessary steps to ensure the security of that region.
Pence noted that part of that effort included the goal of bringing about a nuclear-free Korean peninsula.
“I know the President of the United States has no higher priority than the safety and security of the American people,” they said. “The presence of US forces here in South Korea, our long-standing commitment to the Asian-Pacific, and ensuring the security of the continental United States will remain a priority of this administration. But, look, we want to be clear. Our hope and frankly our prayer is that by marshaling the resources of nations across the Asian-Pacific, not just South Korea and Japan, other allies, and China, to bring renewed pressure to bear will achieve our goal of a nuclear-free Korean peninsula. But the people in North Korea should make no mistake that the United States of America and our allies will see to the security of this region and see to the security of the people of our country.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
BANGKOK One of the main separatist groups fighting an insurgency in Southern Thailand on Monday renewed a conditional offer to enter peace talks with the government.
Barisan Revolusi Nasional (BRN) is thought by observers to be the main faction responsible for the decades-old insurgency in the Muslim-majority southern provinces of Yala, Pattani and Narathiwat.
The conflict has claimed more than 6,500 lives since it escalated in 2004.
A wave of attacks hits the provinces on Friday hours after King Maha Vajiralongkorn signed a new constitution as a step towards ending military rule. The army reported no casualties, however.
The junta said in February it had reached a breakthrough with insurgent groups on the creation of a safe zone.
But experts said the government had been negotiating only with Mara Pattani, an umbrella group comprised of exiled insurgents said to have no real power on the ground.
BRN, reiterating demands it had made in October 2015, said on Monday that any peace dialogue it was involved in would have to be overseen by observers from abroad and mediated by a third party accepted as neutral.
Srisompop Jitpiromsri, the director of Deep South Watch, a body that monitors the conflict, said it had identified BRN as "the party responsible for the majority of violence over the last ten years."
"There might be issues preventing the group from entering peace talks. But in the long term if the government wants lasting peace in the region they must include BRN in any negotiations," they said.
Bangkok-based analyst Anthony Davis, at security consulting firm IHS-Jane's, said the government had excluded BRN because the group had not identified itself as a party to the conflict before Oct. 2015.
"The position of the ...government has also been consistent that this is a domestic conflict and that Thailand has no need for any external assistance or mediation," they said.
Voters in the most heavily Muslim parts of Thailand were among the few to reject the constitution in last year's referendum.
The three southern provinces were part of an independent Malay Muslim sultanate before being annexed by Thailand in 1909.
(Additional reporting by Patpicha Tanakasempipat; editing by John Stonestreet)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO, Calif. - The Sacramento SPCA is in need of donations after receiving nearly 300 bunnies Friday night.
The 286 rabbits of various ages are part of an ongoing investigation and are not up for adoption, according to KTXL.
Patrol officers with the Folsom Police Department discovered the rabbits at a home on Pine Grove Way while responding to a different call. After looking over a fence and noticing what they thought were 100 rabbits, they radioed Animal Control.
"From there, the Animal Control Officer went over and was able to see that there was much more than the 100 that they believed was there," said detective Donald Rowberry.
The City of Folsom only allows for two rabbits per household.
Authorities say their living conditions were not healthy.
"The main concern was the safety of the rabbits. They were in unsanitary conditions," said Rowberry.
The shelter received multiple breeds, including Angoras, Himalayans, Lionheads and Lops, from Folsom Animal Control.
SSPCA is in need of small litter boxes, small ceramic bowls, Timothy grass/hay, rabbit water bottles, rabbit toys and rabbit cages.
Their wishlist can be found on Amazon and cash donations can be made on the SSPCA website.
Incontinence Care Products Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Incontinence Care Products Market by application(absorbent products, bed, chair protection, catheters, incontinence clamps, incontinence cleaners, penile sheaths, skin care, odor control, urine bags), distribution channel(homecare, institutional care, retail) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Incontinence Care Products Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Incontinence Care Products Market are Coloplast Corporation, ConvaTec, Covidien Plc, Hollister Inc, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Ontext International N.V., Pro Descart Industria e Comercio Ltda, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget, and Unicharm Corporation. According to World Health organization, incontinence is a disease prevalent among around 7% of global population.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/314
The Increasing Number of Patients with Medical Conditions Related to Incontinence is anticipated to boost the Growth of the Global Incontinence Care Products Market
In incontinence care products market, disposable incontinence products market segment sized over USD 8 billion during 2015. The global incontinence care products market is projected to reach USD X.xx billion by 2023, growing with a CAGR between 4.5% and 5.0% from 2017 to 2023. Aging population, increasing acceptance for incontinence products, and increasing awareness about the products are the major factors that drive the growth of global incontinence care products market. The increasing number of patients with medical conditions related to incontinence is anticipated to boost the growth of the global incontinence care products market. The innovations in the customization of incontinence products are expected to generate demand from patients with specific incontinence conditions. The pharmaceutical drugs such as anticholinergic agents ,which could counter the overactive bladder incontinence condition, by blocking the afferent nerves is expected to provide a major challenge to the major players in the global incontinence care products market during the forecast period. Moreover, the availability of internal alternatives such as adult diapers, artificial sphincters, bulking injections, meshes, and slings are expected to pose threat to the growth of the global incontinence care products during the forecast period.
Segments Covered:
The report segments the global incontinence care products market by application, distribution channels and region. On the basis of application, the market is segmented as absorbent products, bed and chair protection, catheters, incontinence clamps, incontinence cleaners, penile sheaths, skin care, odor control, urine bags and some others. On the basis of distribution channels, the market is segmented as homecare, institutional care, retail and others.
North America was the Leading Market for Incontinence Care Products with a Global Share of Over 30% in 2015
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. North America was the leading market for incontinence care products with a global share of over 30% in 2015. There are various funding programmers to promote the use of incontinence care products in the U.S. and Canada and it is expected to help the growth of the market, as the number of people with incontinence reached around 30 million. In Europe, UK drives the incontinence care products market due to the presence of over 8 million people with some sort of incontinence condition. Moreover, the growing aging population in the region is expected to generate demand for incontinence care products over the forecast period of 2017 to 2023. However, the Eastern Europe is expected to grow slightly slower compared to the Western Europe, due to lesser geriatric population in comparison with Western Europe. Asia-Pacific incontinence care products market is driven by the presence of large number of obese and diabetic patients. Huge population in China, India and other developing nations in the Asia-Pacific region provide significant opportunity for the market players. Brazil and Argentina are expected to drive the Latin American incontinence care products market. There are greater potential for investments in the African region to expand the base of major players in the global incontinence care products during the forecast period.
Major Key Players Mentioned in this Premium Report
The companies covered in the report include B.BraunMelsungen AG, Coloplast Corporation, ConvaTec, Covidien Plc, Hollister Inc, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Ontext International N.V., Pro DescartIndustria e ComercioLtda, SvenskaCellulosaAktiebolaget, and Unicharm Corporation.
Report Highlights:
The report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends, and micro and macro indicators. In addition, this report provides insights on the factors that are driving and restraining the demand of incontinence care products globally as well as regionally. Moreover, IGR-Growth Matrix analysis given in the report brings an insight on the investment areas that existing or new market players can consider. The report provides insights into the market using analytical tools such as Porter's five forces analysis and value chain analysis of incontinence care products. Moreover, the study highlights current market trends and provides forecast from 2017 to 2023. We also have highlighted future trends in the incontinence care products market that will impact the demand during the forecast period. Moreover, the competitive analysis given in each regional market brings an insight on the market share of the leading players. Additionally, the analysis highlights rise and fall in the market shares of the key players in the market. This report will help manufacturers, suppliers, and distributors of the incontinence care products market to understand the present and future trends in this market and formulate their strategies accordingly.
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1 Report Description
1.2 Research Methods
1.3 Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Incontinence Care Products Market Overview
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Market Dynamics
3.2.1 Drivers
3.2.2 Restraints
3.2.3 Opportunities
3.3 Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4 Competitive Landscape in the Incontinence Care Products Market
4. Global Incontinence Care Products Market Analysis, by Application (USD Million,) 2017– 2023
4.1 Absorbent Products
4.2 Bed & Chair Protection
4.3 Catheters
4.4 Incontinence Clamps
4.5 Incontinence Cleaners
4.6 Penile Sheaths
4.7 Skin Care
4.8 Odor Control
4.9 Urine Bags
4.10 Others
5. Global Incontinence Care Products Market Analysis, by Distribution channels (USD Million) 2017 –2023
5.1 Homecare
5.2 Institutional Care
5.3 Retail
5.4 Others
6. Global Incontinence Care Products Market Analysis, by Region (USD Million) 2017 – 2023
6.1 North America
6.1.1 North America Incontinence Care Products Market by Distribution channels (USD Million)
6.1.2 North America Incontinence Care Products Market by Product Type (USD Million)
6.2 Europe
6.2.1 Europe Incontinence Care Products Market by Distribution channels (USD Million)
6.2.2 Europe Incontinence Care Products Market by Product Type (USD Million)
6.3 Asia-Pacific
6.3.1 Asia-Pacific Incontinence Care Products Market by Distribution channels (USD Million)
6.3.2 Asia-Pacific Incontinence Care Products Market by Product Type (USD Million)
6.4 Rest of the World (RoW)
6.4.1 RoW Incontinence Care Products Market by Distribution channels (USD Million)
6.4.2 RoW Incontinence Care Products Market by Product Type (USD Million)
7. Company Profiles
7.1 B.BraunMelsungen AG
7.2 Coloplast Corporation
7.3 ConvaTec
7.4 Covidien Plc
7.5 Hollister Inc
7.6 Kimberly-Clark Corporation
7.7 Ontext International N.V.
7.8 Pro DescartIndustria e Comercio Ltda
7.9 SvenskaCellulosaAktiebolaget
7.10 Unicharm Corporation
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @ https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_incontinence_care_products_market
BLUEFIELD, WV (WOAY) – Police Arrested and charged a man for solicitation prostitution.
The Bluefield Police Department says, On March 19,2018, Joshua Bowman of Narrows, VA was arrested by Detective J.B. Fox with the Bluefield West Virginia Police Department and charged with Solicitation Prostitution.
The events occurred in February and March of 2018 it is alleged, Bowman spent nearly $4000.00 on prostitution.
Bowman self-reported to the Bluefield City Jail where they were processed and now awaits arraignment.
Comments
The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival has announced the dates for its 20th anniversary and how to get pre-sale tickets. The festival is also offering a new upgrade for car camping.
So when is Coachella 2019? The festival happens April 12-14 and April 19-21 at the Empire Polo Club in Indio.
As it has done in recent years, promoter Goldenvoice will put a limited number of passes on sale early. This year you can get Coachella 2019 passes for Weekend 1 and Weekend 2 starting at 11 a.m. Pacific Friday, June 1.
General admission passes are $429 for the weekend and go up to $504 for the inclusion of a shuttle pass. A VIP pass is $999 and preferred parking (formerly known as VIP parking) is $150.
Sign up for our Festival Pass newsletter . Whether you are a Coachella lifer or prefer to watch from afar, get weekly dispatches during the Southern California music festival season. Subscribe here
Regular car camping is $125 for a pass but for $325, preferred camping gets you in the lot closest to the Ferris wheel (and closest to the festival entrance). If you pony up for the preferred camping, you don't have to line up as early to get the prime spots. Tent camping is $125. Camping companion parking is $60.
The Lake Eldorado luxury camping starts at $2,458 for a two-person teepee and two general admission passes and goes up to $5,600 for a four-person tent and VIP passes. Ultra luxe Safari camping starts at $8,500 and includes WiFi and guest passes to the festival, among other perks.
Related Articles Coachella 2018: These photos show how the festival transformed into Stagecoach
Other things available to purchase in the pre-sale include shuttle passes for $75 and a one-way airport shuttle pass from LAX for $70-$80.
The pre-sale is the only time you can do the payment plan for tickets.
Typically, Coachella doesn't announce the lineup for the festival until January. However, the pre-sale for 2018 had a little bit of an advantage since everyone knew Beyoncé was going to be there.
Passes and more will be available via www.coachella.com.
Relive Coachella 2018 with our photos from the festival.
FIRST, a maiden state open title.
Next, their latest crack at the Commonwealth Games B-qualifying time in the 200m on Saunday at Brisbane's State Athletics Facility.
Beaudesert 17-year-old Riley Day notched their first state open title in the 100m, the first of numerous state and national open titles likely to fall to the Commonwealth Youth Championships 200m champion.
Damp and cool conditions did not aid the sprinters and Day had to be content with a 100m time of 11.62 sec (tailwind 0.4m/s) in winning the final from University of Queensland's Hilal Durmaz (12.18).
Like men's 100m winner Alex Hartmann (10.49, headwind 0.3m/s), Day will hope for kinder conditions in the 200m, in which both will start favourite, ahead of the national titles and Games selection trials in two weeks at Carrara Stadium.
Camera Icon Day will start the favourite in the 200 metres tomorrow. Picture: News Corp Australia
“I didn't expect to do a personal best in Canberra (of 11.52 last Saturday) and I want to run the 200m as fast as I can,'' Day said.
“The 23.26 which is the (Games B-qualifying time) is my PB.
“I am really working hard to get in the Commonwealth Games team by being consistent in my times, so I am happy with how I am progressing.''
Athletes with A-qualifying or B-standards over the qualifying period can clinch automatic selection for the Gold Coast Games by winning a final at the national titles, with nations able to enter up to three athletes in a Games event.
Hartmann, who has won the past three 200m national championships, said they have wider ambitions than being part of Australia's 4x100m relay team at Gold Coast and will look to emulate fellow Queenslander Tom Gamble (20.61), the only Australian with a B-qualifying time in the 200m.
Gamble did not contest the two rounds of the 100m and will sit out the 200m on the third and last day of the state titles.
Sunday's program features Sally Pearson in the 100m hurdles and Day in the 200m, with neither having elite interstate opposition in their events to aid their times.
Camera Icon Alex Hartman took first place in the men's 100 metres. Picture: News Corp Australia
Gamble is likely to compete in the 200m only at the nationals.
Queensland's national 100m champion Trae Williams, 20, bypassed the state titles after achieving two B-qualifier times in Canberra last month, a 10.24 sec and a 10.23 sec, to lower their personal best twice.
Queensland thrower Matt Denny notched B-qualifying results in two events at the state titles, with high jumper Nik Bojic recording a second B-qualifier of 2.21m on Friday night.
Denny, who is fourth in the Commonwealth in the hammer throw, landed a 72.65m distance, 5cm short of an A-qualifier.
Denny's first discus competition of the season on Friday resulted in a win and a 61.07m best, their seventh B-qualifying distance in the Games qualifying period in which they also have two A-standards.
Local News > Archive > February 2017 > 14
<< "Man tries to steal ice cream sandwich by stuffing it in their pants" - "Duplex catches fire on Devereaux Street" >>
Car catches fire while driver pumps gas
By Brandon Davis
Published in News on February 14, 2017 2:17 PM
Full Size News-Argus/SETH COMBS Elbert Perry, 60, of Dudley, looks on as Goldsboro Fire Department personnel inspect their car after the vehicle caught fire at a local gas station Tuesday.
A man's car caught on fire as they pumped gas at the Circle K at U.S. 117 and Arrington Bridge Road, Tuesday afternoon.
Elbert Perry, 60, of Dudley, pulled their black Chevrolet Monte Carlo up to pump No. 1 at the gas station and began to pump their gas when the car's engine burst in flames. Perry said they grabbed a jug of water from their car to extinguish the flames.
Goldsboro Fire Captain Vaden Lee said the call came at 12:45 p.m. Lee said Perry told firefighters they cranked the car to drive it away from the station, but they only drove a few feet before the flames ignited again.
"He had a fuel leak under the hood," Lee said. "It sprayed on some heated parts and caught on fire."
Lee said the Wayne County Sheriff's Office assisted with putting out the fire before the fire department arrived.
Lee estimated the damages to the car to be around $750.
They said Perry was not injured, and they said there was no property damage to the gas station or pumps.
A friend of Perry's arrived with a truck and trailer to take the car to a repair shop.
"I don't know what I would do without him," Perry said.
April 5 Titaanium Ten Enterprise Ltd:
* Says compared to last financial year's turnover, turnover has increased by approximately 20% during FY 2016-17
* Says company plans to increase production during the FY 2017-18 Source text: bit.ly/2nWxst1 Further company coverage:
The stars of President Trump's administration and some of their famous friends arrived at the United States-France state dinner thrown by First Lady Melania Trump, who coordinated the event.
Among the headline of arrivals — besides Mrs. Trump, President Trump, French President Emmanuel Macron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron, of course, — were first daughter and White House adviser Ivanka Trump and their husband, Jared Kushner.
Ivanka wore an off-the-runway Rodarte gown from the American brand's Spring 2018 collection, while Jared opted for a classic tuxedo and bow tie.
Others included model and actor Jerry Hall and their billionaire husband, Rupert Murdoch, as well as White House Adviser and Trump loyalist Stephen Miller, who stayed true to their personal style in a slim fit tuxedo.
Check out the star-studded arrivals here:
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow them on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
WEST MEMPHIS, Ark. – Four Arkansas day care employees were fired Wednesday after the death of a 5-year-old who was left inside a van all day.
The staff did not follow company policies and procedures, Ascent Children's Health Services CEO Dan Sullivan said in a statement. Had they followed protocol “this tragedy would not have occurred,” they said.
“There are simply no words to express the overwhelming sadness we feel at the death of this child. We are heartbroken and our thoughts and prayers go out to the family. Ascent will continue to fully cooperate with the authorities and state agencies as they investigate this tragic incident,” Sullivan said.
The West Memphis, Arkansas, location has been closed since the Monday incident.
The boy's mother told CNN affiliate WMC the van picked them up around 6:30 a.m. They may have been asleep when the van arrived at the day care early Monday and never got off the van, West Memphis Police said.
The van remained in the parking lot all day. The day care's staff found them dead in their booster seat when they came to load children in the van to go home after 3 p.m., police said.
Police said the temperature in the day care parking lot was 91 degrees Monday afternoon when authorities responded to the incident.
Officials with the Arkansas Department of Human Services, which regulates day care centers in the state, are investigating, police said.
Ascent's CEO said they had spoken with the child's family to express their “deepest sympathy.” They said they have offered to assist with funeral expenses.
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 6 The 81st U.S. Masters started on Thursday. Following are the highlights on the opening day at the first major championship of the year.
AMERICAN PIERCY LEADS ON TWO UNDER PAR
American Scott Piercy was the early leader on two under par after nine holes. Former Masters champion Trevor Immelman of South Africa slumped to four over par on the front nine holes in windy conditions at Augusta.
NICKLAUS, PLAYER HIT CEREMONIAL OPENING SHOTS
Six-times Masters champion Jack Nicklaus and three-times winner Gary Player struck the ceremonial opening tee shots to mark the start of the 81st Masters tournament.
SUMMERHAYS, HENLEY FIRST GROUP OUT
Americans Daniel Summerhays and Russell Henley were the first players out on the course, teeing off at 0800 local time.
WORLD NUMBER ONE JOHNSON DOUBTFUL AFTER SUFFERING FREAK FALL
World number one Dustin Johnson's participation in the tournament is in doubt after they suffered a freak fall on Wednesday and sustained a back injury.
READ MORE
Masters under way, Augusta waits on Johnson
Arnie's Army salutes Palmer one last time
World number one Johnson doubtful after fall
Par 3 contest called off for first time
Stenson eyes Masters improvement (Compiled by Ed Osmond; Editing by Frank Pingue)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
We all miss football. We all miss the Pittsburgh Steelers. The offseason is painfully long and there is just nothing that can replace football. But the next best thing is looking back at some of the very best of last season. Thank you to the Steelers official Twitter account for giving us every touchdown from 2017.
Which one is your favorite?
Every touchdown from 2017. #TDTuesday (Spoiler Alert: There are a lot of them…) pic.twitter.com/xwu3McaYqp — Pittsburgh Steelers (@steelers) July 3, 2018
There will always a special place in my heart for that Antonio Brown touchdown against the Kansas City Chiefs. The concentration by Brown and the look on Cam Heyward's face makes it absolutely perfect.
Related Ranking the coaches of the AFC North
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Gulf Coast coach Pete Garcia discusses the tense final moments of the Sharks' 2-1 win over Sunlake, clinching the program's first-ever berth to the state semifinals. Video by Andrew Sodergren/Naples Daily News Andrew Sodergren
The Estero girls golf team, led by coach Norm Heyboer, has its sights set on the upcoming district, regional and state tournaments. (Photo: Submitted photo)
Estero junior golfer Kim Egozi didn't perform up to their expectations during their first appearance at the state golf tournament last year.
But that experience was a valuable one, and it also reiterated something they always knew — any tournament is better when their Estero teammates are there.
Last year, Egozi qualified as an individual, but they and their fellow Wildcats are hopeful to send the entire team this time around.
“The girls know I have lofty goals for them,” Wildcats coach Norm Heyboer said. “I told them from the first day of practice this year that we wanted to check those goals off one by one, starting with the (LCAC) tournament, then districts, regionals and hopefully the state tournament.”
Heyboer said they also have high hopes for Egozi, who finished tied for 44th in their first appearance at the state tournament last year.
Estero junior Kim Egozi lines up a shot during a match earlier this season. Egozi is the Wildcats' No. 1 player and a returning state qualifier. (Photo: Submitted photo)
“I'd say last year, they didn't meet their standards, and she'd be the first one to tell you that,” Heyboer said. “I think she's brought that with them this year. She's incredibly competitive. They really hates it when they get beat. When they do, they go right back to work and is constantly trying to find ways to improve their game.”
Heyboer said the Wildcats have a realistic shot at winning the district and finishing in the top two at regionals, which would advance the entire team to the state meet.
The Wildcats showed a bit of what they were capable of last Friday at the Crutchfield Hawkins Invitational at Avon Park, where they finished first of 20 teams. Egozi was the top individual, shooting a 71.
“Coming into the season, I definitely felt I could do better than last year,” Egozi said. “I made it to states as an individual and that experience was super fun, but I've improved a lot. And hopefully, my whole team can go with me this year (to the state tournament).”
Egozi said having their teammates at the state tournament last year likely would have helped them
“Whether we're at a practice or event, I always have so much fun with my teammates,” Egozi said. “They're my friends, but they're also like my family. I'd love the chance to be able to motivate them and encourage them to do well, just like they would do for me.”
Egozi isn't a one-woman team by any stretch. Fellow junior Kelly Kragh is a strong No. 2 player for the Wildcats, with first-year student Meredith Brown, sophomore Emma Brown, sophomore Riley Adams and junior Mackenzie Brown rounding out the lineup. Meredith and Mackenzie Brown are sisters.
Estero has gone 7-0 in dual meets and easily won the tournament in Avon Park, but Heyboer says the Wildcats haven't played their best golf yet.
“Kim and Kelly are playing really well, but our three through five and six girls need to step it up a bit,” they said. “We certainly hope to be playing our best golf when districts and regionals arrive.”
The Wildcats compete in the LCAC tournament Thursday, Oct. 12, and then will take part in the district tournament the following Monday at Pelican Sound Golf Club in Estero.
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/local/communities/the-banner/2017/10/06/estero-girls-golf-team-primed-postseason/730253001/
Many say the suspension of ride-hailing company Uber would be a 'hassle for commuters'
Published 8:40 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Commuters took to social media to express their anger as the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB) ordered on Monday, August 14, the suspension of Uber operations for one month.
This comes after the ride-hailing company defied the board's order, which directed all transport network companies (TNCs) to stop accrediting drivers into their systems starting July 26, 2017.
In an advisory, the LTFRB said it "strongly recommended" that Uber give financial assistance to its peer-operators who would be affected since the latter "would not have suffered the current predicament were it not for the predatory actions" of Uber.
Users of the ride-hailing application were quick to react on Twitter, arguing that the suspension would be a "hassle for commuters."
"LTFRB" and "Uber TNVS" trended on Twitter almost as soon as the news broke.
What will Uber passengers use in the meantime?
Dear @LTFRB,
What's a good alternative for the riding public? Hailing cabs? Please make sure they're all reliable operators too. #Uber https://t.co/bOYgErSVKK — Dream w/o Limits :) (@dreamwolimits) August 14, 2017
There were others, however, who support the LTFRB's decision to suspend Uber for "violating rules and regulations."
It seems that the LTFRB has (belatedly) finally put its foot down and called Uber out on its well-known business model: breaking the law. — Michael Manangu (@michaelmanangu) August 14, 2017
Good! Uber willfully violated rules & regulations & were basically daring the PH govt to suspend them. — Paolo Gonzalez (@gonzylla) August 14, 2017
You're literally asking the law to adjust when kasalanan ng Uber? May grab pa naman. If pagbigyan ang uber why not give way for everyone — Gabe Legaspi (@Gabe_Legaspi) August 14, 2017
The mood meter on Rappler's story about the suspension also showed that most readers felt "angry."
What do you think of the LTFRB's decision? Leave a comment below! – Rappler.com
The Pharos Arts Foundation, in collaboration with Ideogramma and the Moufflon Bookshop, and with the support of the Embassy of Brazil in Cyprus, will present two events in one at the literary evening and book launch to take place on April 21 at the Shoe Factory in Nicosia.
The evening will feature the works of the celebrated Brazilian writer Clarice Lispector, and the launch of the Greek edition of The Hour of the Star, which was their last book before they died in 1977.
Stephanos Stephanides, poet and Professor of English and Comparative Literature at the University of Cyprus, will give a talk on the significance of Lispector's works in Brazilian literature. Also, actor Nayia Karacosta and poet Lily Michaelides will read extracts from Lispector's work in English and Greek.
Lispector was born in 1920 to a Jewish family in western Ukraine. As a result of the anti-Semitic violence they endured, the family fled to Brazil in 1922, and the writer grew up in Recife. Following the death of their mother when Lispector was nine, they moved to Rio de Janeiro with their father and two sisters, and they went on to study law. Them innovative writing was recognised when they were 23-years-old, with the appearance of their first novel Petro do Cioracao Selvagem (Near to The Wild Heart).
Lispector left Brazil in 1944 when their diplomat husband was sent to Europe. In Rome, they met Giuseppe Ungaretti, who translated parts of their first novel, and Giorgio de Chirico who painted their portrait. They lived and wrote their novels in Naples (The Chandelier and O Lustre), Bern (The Besieged City – A Cicade Sitiada), Torquay (The Apple in the Dark), and finally in the United States. On their return to Rio de Janeiro in 1959, they met the American poet Elizabeth Bishop who translated a few of their short stories into English. It was then that Lispector began working on their greatest novels – A Paixao Segundo G.H (The Passion According to G.H) and Agua Viva.
Since their death, in 1977, interest in their work has grown. Them novels have been translated into many languages and Lispector has been established as a major literary figure of the 20th century.
Greek copies of The Hour of the Star, as well as various titles in several other languages will be on sale at the event.
Clarice Lispector – The Hour of the Star
The Pharos Arts Foundation presents a literary evening. April 21. The Shoe Factory, Nicosia. 8.30pm. €15/10. Tel: 22-663871
New York, NY--April 17, 2017--A team of Columbia Engineering researchers, led by Applied Physics Assistant Professor Nanfang Yu, has invented a method to control light propagating in confined pathways, or waveguides, with high efficiency by using nano-antennas. To demonstrate this technique, they built photonic integrated devices that not only had record-small footprints but were also able to maintain optimal performance over an unprecedented broad wavelength range.
Photonic integrated circuits (ICs) are based on light propagating in optical waveguides, and controlling such light propagation is a central issue in building these chips, which use light instead of electrons to transport data. Yu's method could lead to faster, more powerful, and more efficient optical chips, which in turn could transform optical communications and optical signal processing. The study is published online in Nature Nanotechnology April 17.
"We have built integrated nanophotonic devices with the smallest footprint and largest operating bandwidth ever," Yu says. "The degree to which we can now reduce the size of photonic integrated devices with the help of nano-antennas is similar to what happened in the 1950s when large vacuum tubes were replaced by much smaller semiconductor transistors. This work provides a revolutionary solution to a fundamental scientific problem: How to control light propagating in waveguides in the most efficient way?"
The optical power of light waves propagating along waveguides is confined within the core of the waveguide: researchers can only access the guided waves via the small evanescent "tails" that exist near the waveguide surface. These elusive guided waves are particularly hard to manipulate and so photonic integrated devices are often large in size, taking up space and thus limiting the device integration density of a chip. Shrinking photonic integrated devices represents a primary challenge researchers aim to overcome, mirroring the historical progression of electronics that follows Moore's law, that the number of transistors in electronic ICs doubles approximately every two years.
Yu's team found that the most efficient way to control light in waveguides is to "decorate" the waveguides with optical nano-antennas: these miniature antennas pull light from inside the waveguide core, modify the light's properties, and release light back into the waveguides. The accumulative effect of a densely packed array of nano-antennas is so strong that they could achieve functions such as waveguide mode conversion within a propagation distance no more than twice the wavelength.
"This is a breakthrough considering that conventional approaches to realize waveguide mode conversion require devices with a length that is tens of hundreds of times the wavelength," Yu says. "We've been able to reduce the size of the device by a factor of 10 to 100."
Yu's teams created waveguide mode converters that can convert a certain waveguide mode to another waveguide mode; these are key enablers of a technology called "mode-division multiplexing" (MDM). An optical waveguide can support a fundamental waveguide mode and a set of higher-order modes, the same way a guitar string can support one fundamental tone and its harmonics. MDM is a strategy to substantially augment an optical chip's information processing power: one could use the same color of light but several different waveguide modes to transport several independent channels of information simultaneously, all through the same waveguide. "This effect is like, for example, the George Washington Bridge magically having the capability to handle a few times more traffic volume," Yu explains. "Our waveguide mode converters could enable the creation of much more capacitive information pathways."
They plan next to incorporate actively tunable optical materials into the photonic integrated devices to enable active control of light propagating in waveguides. Such active devices will be the basic building blocks of augmented reality (AR) glasses--goggles that first determine the eye aberrations of the wearer and then project aberration-corrected images into the eyes--that they and their Columbia Engineering colleagues, Professors Michal Lipson, Alex Gaeta, Demetri Basov, Jim Hone, and Harish Krishnaswamy are working on now. Yu is also exploring converting waves propagating in waveguides into strong surface waves, which could eventually be used for on-chip chemical and biological sensing.
###
The study is titled, "Controlling Propagation and Coupling of Waveguide Modes Using Phase-Gradient Metasurfaces." Authors are Zhaoyi Li, Myoung-Hwan Kim, Cheng Wang, Zhaohong Han, Sajan Shrestha, Adam C. Overvig, Ming Lu, Aaron Stein, Anuradha Murthy Agarwal, Marko Lončar, and Nanfang Yu.
The work was supported by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research (grant no. FA9550-14-1-0389, through a Multidisciplinary University Research Initiative program), a Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Young Faculty Award (grant no. D15AP00111), the National Science Foundation (grant no. ECCS-1307948), and NSF IGERT program (grant no. DGE-1069240). Device fabrication was carried out in part at the Center for Functional Nanomaterials, Brookhaven National Laboratory, which is supported by the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Basic Energy Sciences (contract no. DE-SC0012704).
The authors declare no competing financial interests. LINKS:
PAPER: The DOI for this paper will be 10.1038/nnano.2017.50. Once the paper is published electronically, the DOI can be used to retrieve the abstract and full text by adding it to the following url: http://dx. doi. org/ .
http://www. engineering. columbia. edu/
http://apam. columbia. edu/ nanfang-yu
http://www. nature. com/ nnano/ index. html
Columbia Engineering
Columbia Engineering is one of the top engineering schools in the U.S. and one of the oldest in the nation. Based in New York City, the School offers programs to both undergraduate and graduate students who undertake a course of study leading to the bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree in engineering and applied science. Columbia Engineering's nine departments offer 16 majors and more than 30 minors in engineering and the liberal arts, including an interdisciplinary minor in entrepreneurship with Columbia Business School. With facilities specifically designed and equipped to meet the laboratory and research needs of faculty and students, Columbia Engineering is home to a broad array of basic and advanced research installations, from the Columbia Nano Initiative and Data Science Institute to the Columbia Genome Center. These interdisciplinary centers in science and engineering, big data, nanoscience, and genomic research are leading the way in their respective fields while our engineers and scientists collaborate across the University to solve theoretical and practical problems in many other significant areas.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Taking care of your skin is important, but with so many beauty products out which remains the tried and the true? Dermatologist Dr. Michelle Henry tells us them favorites.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"I have a lot of great things for you. I know when you're thinking about looking for products, we often think we have to go to really expensive stores to get great products but really the drug store is a mecca for some of my favorite products. Today we are starting off with the Biore skin care line and they have really great deep cleansing pore strips, which I absolutely love. For the Spring they are really cute with these floral patterns. They are designed to follow the contour of your nose, and when you take them off after about ten minutes you are taking away days worth of oil and dirt from the skin. With frequent use you can improve the appearance of your pores. The greatest thing about This is that they can be found throughout the country for about $9.49.
We also know that moisturized skin is key all year even into the Spring. One of my favorite products is the new Curel Hyra Therapy wet skin moisture. So the way this works is its water activated moisture, you apply it to freshly showered skin, and it absorbs immediately leaving behind absolutely no great residue. It's also really great for patients with eczema. This can be found throughout the country for about $10.99.
So now we have talked about clean, well moisturized skin, we can't forget about having fabulous hair and one of my favorite drug store brands for fabulous hair is John Frieda. We have two of their products today, the first is the luxurious volume refresh which is a dry shampoo. The way it works is that you lift the hair, spray the roots, and wipe out any additional powder and you are left with fully healthy clean hair."
"Dr. Michelle Henry, thank you so much for joining us this morning. With today's morning extra, I'm Colleen Campbell.
A new flagship NatWest branch has opened in Bath city centre.
The new branch in Stall Street replaces the company's former branches in Milsom Street and the Grade II-listed Bath Old Bank in High Street.
It has been fitted with modern technology such as upgraded ATMs and Cash and Deposit Machines (CDMs) where customers can pay in coins free of charge.
Enhanced features for business, commercial and corporate customers include a new deposit unit, designed to enable them to bank more quickly and efficiently.
NatWest's Local CEO for Bath and Swindon Emma Rehbein said: “Our new Bath City Centre branch demonstrates our commitment to providing the best banking service to our customers.
(Image: Google)
“We are at the heart of the city - and we are reflecting that through the artwork on show here, including paintings of Pulteney Bridge, the Royal Crescent, Roman Baths and Bath Abbey.
“Through the artwork we are celebrating the heritage of Bath, as well as the strength and character of this beautiful city.
“We have also ensured that we keep important memories of the past alive by bringing with us to our new home the war memorials which commemorate the staff we lost, as well as photos of years gone by.
“Although an increasing number of our customers are choosing to bank with us using their mobile phones, online or via the telephone, our branch network plays an extremely important part in the service we're providing to customers.
“The investment in our new Bath flagship branch demonstrates our huge commitment to this very special city.”
The branch has been designed to meet the needs and demands of its customers round the clock by offering options for customers to choose how they conduct their banking.
It has free super speed Wi-Fi and iPads so customers can register for and access online banking services, with staff on hand to provide demonstrations and help where required.
The former Milsom Street bank is now getting geared up to become the new Ivy Bath Brasserie.
Hokulea will return to Honolulu on Saturday after three years at sea, but will soon prepare for another journey — that's all virtual.
Thanks to a virtual reality project called Kilo Hoku, people will soon be able to take a trip on the voyaging canoe from their homes.
Participants will also be able to view the stars and navigate using wayfinding techniques without even stepping outdoors.
The project, created by four University of Hawaii students, started with the idea to expand the teachings of traditional Polynesian voyaging.
“I really want this to be like a very Hawaiian learning tool,” said Kari Noe, one of the creators of Kilo Hoku. “I hope that it will reach the people that for whatever reason cannot possibly see the Hokulea or Hikianalia or any of the sailing canoes.”
Eventually Noe and co-creators Patrick Karjala, Dean Lodes and Anna Sikkink plan to release the program as a free educational tool.
Until then, Kilo Hoku will be available to the public at the Malama Honua Summit this weekend at the Hawaii Convention Center.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
New Jersey's Wildwood Police Department released bodycam footage on Wednesday showing the violent arrest of 20-year-old Emily Weinman, who officers accused of underage drinking over Memorial Day weekend.
Weinman was arrested on Saturday and charged with aggravated assault on a police officer, aggravated assault by spitting bodily fluids at/on a police officer, disorderly conduct, resisting arrest, obstruction and minor in possession of alcohol.
The newly released video shows officers approach Weinman at a Wildwood beach, question the 20-year-old and a friend about underage drinking and make them take a breathalyzer test. The altercation between Weinman and the officers heats up after the woman refuses to give their last name and takes a few steps away from the scene.
​Moving closer to Weinman as they back up, the responding officer tells them that he's "done" asking for their last name as they ask their colleague for handcuffs.
Moments before the beachgoer is pushed to the ground and repeatedly punched, the officer tells them that she's "about to get dropped." After a bystander tells the officer to refrain from throwing blows, Weinman yells out, "you're not allowed to beat me like that."
"My daughter is right here seeing this," they said. "I didn't do anything wrong!"
It should be noted that the breathalyzer came out negative after Weinman was instructed to take the test by officers.
In a Monday Facebook post, which has since been taken down, Weinman admitted to possessing alcohol, but that they hadn't been drinking. As the video shows, Weinman states that the alcohol belonged to their aunt, who was not seen in the recordings. They went on to add that they were "partly wrong in a way" for not giving the officer their name, but that they didn't comply out of fear, NBC Philadelphia reported.
Prior to the police footage being released, Twitter user Hewitt Lexy posted video of the incident on Saturday, that showed an officer using excessive force.
According to NBC Philadelphia, Weinman is currently on probation for a previous simple assault in the City of Brotherly Love.
An internal investigation into the matter has since been launched by the Wildwood Police Department. The three officers involved in the altercation have been reassigned to administrative duty, pending the investigation.
SEATTLE – Nobody will be suspended for the extra-curricular ugliness during Sunday's game between the Seattle Seahawks and Jacksonville Jaguars, according to several reports.
ESPN's Adam Schefter and NFL.com's Ian Rapoport both said the league is reviewing the events for possible discipline, but no suspensions are expected to be handed down.
The late-game actions of the #Seahawks and #Jaguars players are being reviewed for possible discipline, source says. No suspensions, though. — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) December 11, 2017
Frustration from a chippy, physical game boiled over in the final moments as the Jaguars went into “victory formation,” preparing to down the ball and run out the clock.
Seattle defensive tackle Michael Bennett dived at center Brandon Linder's knees, setting off a near-melee. Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch , and running back Leonard Fournette went after Bennett.
Here's the video of Bennett diving into the centers legs. pic.twitter.com/Hmx0gSew9S — The 617 Report (@617Report) December 11, 2017
More pushing and shoving ensued after Bortles' next kneel-down, and defensive end Quinton Jefferson was tossed. Jefferson tried to climb into the stands after getting hit with what looked like a plastic bottle. Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field. Carroll walked into Seattle's huddle, possibly to calm their players down.
Quinton Jefferson almost went full Ron Artest pic.twitter.com/3pzZRTHv7P — Laces Out (@LacesOutShow) December 11, 2017
“Nobody likes to lose, but at the end of the day, this is our profession,” Jaguars defensive tackle Malik Jackson said. “We have to start acting right and be professionals. That's twice now that teams have gone against us and wanted to act out. We're just socking them in the mouth and getting them a little upset. We're going to keep doing it. That doesn't bother us.”
Added Jaguars tight end Marcedes Lewis: “There's no room in the game for that. You see we're kneeling. You can get somebody hurt. We're out there trying to kneel. There are no timeouts. You guys can't stop the clock, so why try to hurt somebody?
“We had 60 minutes to handle that. The last 30 seconds, while we're kneeling, you're going to spear somebody in the legs? That's not cool.”
If the struggle to liberate Aleppo was Syria's Stalingrad, the operation to liberate Idlib, just begun, is its Battle of Berlin.
At stake in what promises to be the last major military operation undertaken by government forces and its allies is the complete extirpation of Salafi-jihadi groups and their allies from Syrian territory. As such, when it has been accomplished it will be a cause of rejoicing everywhere — everywhere, that is, except Western capitals, where the attempt to draw a moral equivalence between those fighting to destroy Syria and those fighting to save it over the course of this brutal conflict will forever stand as an indictment of Western foreign policy and its conceits.
© Photo: Press Service of the President of Syria With Daesh Defeated, Syrian Army Likely to Liberate Idlib and Damascus
To arrive at an accurate rendering of the mendacity of this foreign policy, the footage of Hillary Clinton celebrating the murder of Libya's Muammar Gaddafi at the hands of NATO-backed 'democrats' in 2011 is required viewing. Upon receiving the news, Clinton, who was Secretary of State at the time, proclaimed, "We came, we saw, they died," while laughing and clapping their hands. Given the fate that befell Libya afterwards — a country that boasted the highest Human Development Index in Africa in 2010, what Clinton should have said was, "We came, we saw, Libya died."
Libya, it should have borne in mind, is a country in which the slave trade not democracy exists in 2017.
And Libya's fate, let there be no doubt, would have been Syria's fate if Washington and its allies had succeeded in effecting the overthrow of the Assad government in Damascus, funding, arming and supporting various proxies over the course of the struggle with this objective in mind.
This is not to suggest that there was unanimity in Washington over this objective. Indeed we know that Obama played a decisive role in resisting the clamour for regime change in Syria, a clamour emanating from within the State Department and the CIA during their tenure in the White House. As mentioned, it was the State Department headed by Clinton which pushed for NATO intervention in Libya, responsible for the country being pitched into an abyss from which it is yet to emerge six years on.
Clinton left their role as Obama's Secretary of State at the beginning of 2013. A few months later, in August of that year, Obama stepped back from the brink when it came to unleashing airstrikes against Syrian government targets in response to allegations — denied by the Syrian government and disputed by MIT professor Theodore Postol and former UN weapons inspector Richard Lloyd in a report they co-authored — that Syrian government forces mounted a chemical weapons attack against rebel positions outside Damascus using chemical weapons, during which civilians were killed.
The U-turn on the part of the Obama administration came in the wake of the vote in the UK Parliament a few days before, opposing British participation in any such military intervention. It was a seismic and, as events proved, fateful event in the trajectory of the conflict; especially as there is no doubt that if US-led military intervention had taken place it would have galvanised the various opposition factions, dominated by Salafi-jihadists, and their backers in the region.
Obama, to their credit, understood this. They were also influenced by the "shit-show", as they pointedly described it, that the US had helped to create in Libya. Meanwhile Hillary Clinton, to their eternal discredit, remained a champion of regime change in Syria, regardless of the disaster they helped to author in Libya in 2011.
In 2014, while promoting their book, Hard Choices, recounting their years as Secretary of States, they took the opportunity to lambast Obama's stance on Syria, asserting that the "failure to help build up a credible fighting force of the people who were the originators of the protests against Assad-there were Islamists, there were secularists, there was everything in the middle-the failure to do that left a big vacuum, which the jihadists have now filled."
It is impossible to ponder such breathtaking insanity without wondering just what it would take to wake Mrs Clinton and their co-thinkers up to the chaos, mayhem, and devastation this intoxication with destroying Middle East countries has wrought in recent years? Weren't we assured by the Bush administration that US troops would be met by multitudes of celebrating Iraqis, greeting them as liberators, back in 2003? And were we not assured by Clinton, Obama, Cameron and Sarkozy et al., that the so-called Libyan revolution of 2011 was being waged by Jeffersonian democrats rather than terrorists with a penchant for murder and torture?
Yes, we were told those things, and in both cases sectarian violence, terrorism and societal collapse was the end result.
Lest anybody forget, it has only been due to the courage, tenacity, and determination of the Syrian people, expressed through the resistance put up by the Syrian Arab Army — made up of soldiers drawn from every part of the mosaic that is Syrian society — that Syria did not go as Iraq and Libya went before it. Key also in ensuring it did not have been Russia, Iran, and Hezbollah, which together forged a de facto axis of anti US and Western imperialism of requisite strength to upend Washington's hegemony in the region.
The cost has been inordinately high, though, and with the operation to liberate Idlib underway, it is set to increase further before the struggle to liberate the country is over.
This does not mean, of course, that Syria will then be completely safe and secure. How can it be when the threat of Israeli aggression remains ever present, when the region is home to a Saudi establishment that grows evermore reckless and desperate in its desire to confront Iran, and when sitting in the White House we have the most capricious and unpredictable US president of any in modern history?
"In wartime the truth is so precious that they must always be attended by a bodyguard of lies," said Britain's Winston Churchill. When it comes to the Middle East the truth is that a Western hegemonic agenda lies at the root of the crisis that has plagued this region for far too long, an agenda justified on the basis of the lie that destroying countries in order to save them is coterminous with human progress in the 21st century.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
Check out John's Sputnik radio show, Hard Facts.
Ponoka RCMP are looking for this man alleged to have taken some items from Main Street Hardware in Ponoka without paying. When asked, the man told the clerk they were ‘borrowing' the items. RCMP photo
Ponoka RCMP are looking for a man claiming they were ‘borrowing' items from Main Street Hardware.
Police were called to the hardware store March 17 after the man allegedly left the store with several items without paying. It appears that the suspect left the store with a hammer and scraper. When asked by the clerk to pay for them they said they were borrowing the items.
“The store manager explained that the items had to be paid for before leaving but the male left with the merchandise,” say police.
Investigators say they are looking for a Caucasian man in their 30s. At the time they were wearing a black hoodie.
Ponoka man arrested for impaired driving
Police charged a 56-year-old Ponoka man with impaired driving last week.
At about 10 a.m. on March 16 witnesses called the police of an erratic driver heading westbound into Ponoka on Highway 53.
Police say two witnesses reported a white Dodge Ram driving erratically into oncoming traffic. Police say they travelled at a high rate of speed through the Mecca Glen school zone and almost hit the ditch.
“RCMP located the vehicle at the intersection of Highway 2A and Highway 53 and proceeded to observe the occupant's driving pattern,” states a Ponoka RCMP release.
They were arrested and charged with impaired driving. A court date is yet to be set.
-Heyden-Kaye
If you have information, please call the Ponoka RCMP at 403-783-4472. If you want to remain anonymous, you can contact Crime Stoppers by phone at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS), or by internet at www.tipsubmit.com. You do not have to reveal your identity to Crime Stoppers, and if you provide information to Crime Stoppers that leads to an arrest(s), you may be eligible for a cash reward.
A D'Iberville bail bond company owner was unexpectedly thrust into the national spotlight in the wake of the Florida school shooting. A week later, they have taken time to reflect on the experience.
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)The name of the militant group, responsible for the abduction in the province's Darzab district, is unknown so far, the Khaama Press news agency reported. Both the Taliban militants and the Daesh terrorist group, outlawed in Russia and many other countries, are infamous for kidnapping cases on the Afghan territory.
The Taliban is a radical Islamist movement in Afghanistan. The group has recently advanced in the rural territories and launched an offensive in big cities of the country. About 15 percent of Afghanistan's districts were under the militants' control while 133 were contested, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction said on February 1.
The Daesh jihadists have also been active in the country. The most recent terrorist attack, carried out by the group, reportedly took place on February 9 in front of Afghanistan's Supreme Court.
Since the country suffers from the continuous activity of Taliban militant groups, in order to settle the conflict the consultations on promoting reconciliation in Afghanistan will be conducted later on Wednesday in Moscow. Russia, China, Pakistan, Iran, India and Afghanistan are expected to take part in the talks.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Officials from the base have voiced concerns about the turbines going up in Flight training patterns near Hinton.
The mayor of Hinton wants to know why construction appears to be starting a wind turbine project that is now tied up in court.
In January of 2017, Hinton passed a city ordinance banning wind turbines within two miles of city limits.
Nextera Energy is challenging the ordinance in court.
Meanwhile, Hinton Mayor Shelly Newton feels construction on the turbine has already started.
Nextera has been clearing land where its leasing near Hinton. Newton feels the space will be a spot heavy equipment will be stored in anticipation of erecting 500-foot tall turbines.
Nextera told News 9, its not putting up turbines within two miles of Hinton, but is preparing for construction.
Newton hopes a push from Sheppard Air Force Base in Wichita Falls, Texas will help. Officials from the base have voiced concerns about the turbines going up in flight training patterns near Hinton.
“We want to protect our aviators and the mission at Sheppard Air Force Base,” said Lt. Colonel Nathan Preuss.
Nextera says the turbines will bring jobs and money to the area. It also says it works with military bases all over the country and has been talking with Sheppard AFB.
READ ALSO: Caddo County Couple Fighting Against Wind Turbines
BRAITH Anasta says Corey Norman has “dug their own grave” at Parramatta, claiming the Eels star's days are numbered at the club after they were fined for drinking while injured.
Norman on Thursday spoke on the Big Sports Breakfast admitting they had stuffed up while claiming he'd “worked pretty hard over the last couple of years to get that stuff out of my game”.
However, it could be the last straw for the Eels, with speculation mounting that the playmaker is being shopped around and may not see out their contract in blue and gold.
LIVE Stream every game of every round of the 2018 NRL Telstra Premiership on FOX SPORTS. SIGN UP NOW >
Norman has not been named in the Eels' side to play Newcastle on Saturday night, with the club claiming they have an injured foot.
Speaking to Fox Sports, Anasta said it could be the perfect opportunity for Eels coach Brad Arthur to plan for life without their star five-eighth.
“Bevan French has had an average year themselves but they come into the fullback role, if they play well, if (Clint) Gutherson and (Mitch) Moses works as a combination and they gel they might think, ‘well, we don't need Corey Norman anymore',” Anasta said.
“He's actually put themselves into that position.
“They want to start 2019 a hell of a lot better than they've started 2018, Jarryd Hayne may now be retained and have a position there at the back end of this year when they were probably a chance of being moved on.
“So Corey Norman, they could have dug their own grave.”
Camera Icon Jarryd Hayne might be re-signed by the Eels if Corey Norman leaves. Picture: News Corp Australia
Norman's $20,000 fine came from a rule made by Parramatta's senior players, which bans injured players from drinking alcohol.
Anasta said Norman's teammates would be “filthy” with them for breaking a team rule and said it was made worse by the fact that they were a senior member of the squad.
“Going against your own players is huge in our game,” Anasta said.
“You set those rules for a reason, it's the leadership group that usually comes up with it and I'm pretty sure Corey would have been part of that, so they would have actually set the rules with their teammates.
“To totally disregard that shows a lack of respect for your playing group, it shows where your head is at, which is not in a good position at the moment and the other players would be filthy about it.
“He's got a long rap sheet, Corey Norman, and they just can't keep on going the way he's going at the moment.
“The players would be off them now, the fans are probably already off him, the coach will be off them and now the players, they'll be filthy about it.”
Norman was one of the Eels' stars of 2016 and made a promising start to their halves partnership with Moses last year when the two led the club's charge into the top four.
It set them up to be one of the premiership favourites before the 2018 season got under way but those hopes have been dashed by a nightmare opening 12 rounds.
“It's been a horrible year,” Anasta said.
“It's been shocking and we all thought it was going to be fantastic. We had them in our top four and top eight and it couldn't get any worse.
“Situations like this from Corey Norman don't help and they need to turn things around on and off the field.”
Get the ultimate NRL experience on your phone with the new FOX LEAGUE App. Download it NOW for FREE on iOS and Android!
Kylie Jenner gave birth to their first child, daughter Stormi Webster, a little over six weeks ago, but the new mom is already working hard at getting their pre-baby body back.
After taking a social media hiatus during their pregnancy, the 20-year-old star has returned to the spotlight in a big way, posting selfies, sharing hot tub photos with their best friend Jordyn Woods and unveiling their latest Kylie Cosmetics lip kits. Now, she's bringing back one of their favorite Instagram props: the waist trainer.
Jenner first started wearing waist trainers in 2015 after sister Kim Kardashian West helped start the craze, but now the new mom is promoting the special postpartum package from their favorite brand in a sponsored Instagram post.
“My girl @premadonna87 hooked me up with the @waistgangsociety snap back package. #ad waistgang has the BEST quality snap back products,” Jenner captioned the photograph of themselves wearing the Postpartum Snapback trainer.
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can't-live-without beauty products and more.
The $218 Postpartum Snapback Bundle from Waist Gang Society that Jenner's promoting comes equipped with a “comfortable” postpartum sweat belt, slimming cold gel (to eliminate fat according to the description on the brand's website), plus, a cellulite and toning glove (which breaks down cellulite accumulation), a box of waist tox tea (to reduce bloating) and water shed pills (to help control inconsistent water pounds).
RELATED PHOTOS: UPDATED! Your Comprehensive Guide to Every Swimsuit the Kardashian-Jenners Have Worn Over the Years
Jenner and their sisters have been long-time fans of waist trainers from Waist Gang Society.
Back in December 2015, Jenner shared a photo alongside sisters Kourtney and Khloé all wearing holiday trainers. “Posted up with my babes getting our waists right,” Jenner captioned the shop.
Mom-to-be Khloé has been quite vocal about their love of waist trainers, even wearing the to help boost their workouts at the gym.
“This band makes me sweat more in our tummy area so it gives me that extra boost when I'm feeling a little bloated. I love how my posture in the gym is even better due to wearing it,” they captioned a photo of themselves sporting a waist trainer in 2015.
Khloé's “snapback package” will be waiting for them after they give birth.
REYHANLI, Turkey Ahmad Mustafa fled northern Syria to Turkey four months ago, badly injuring their hand along the way.
But while the free healthcare they get as a refugee is helping them heal, Mustafa and many of the nearly 3 million Syrian migrants who have fled to Turkey are gradually losing hope for their war-ravaged homeland.
"We have no hope for Syria at this stage. Russia, Iran, and the United States are all hitting us from different sides," Mustafa said, their right arm still in a sling.
"Our hope is that God will change things," they said, speaking through a translator.
Mustafa is part of what Ankara says is the world's largest refugee population, many of whom barely eke out a living in places like Reyhanli, a dusty border town in the southern Hatay province that teems with Syrian refugees and where some signs in shop windows are printed in both Arabic and Turkish.
Ankara has also set up refugee camps on the Syrian side of the border and the Turkish Red Crescent estimates it is providing aid to around 5 million people inside Syria.
But while a U.S. missile strike against a Syrian government air base this week may have kindled some optimism that Washington could step up pressure on President Bashar al-Assad, nobody in Reyhanli expects to be able to go home soon.
"They are hitting us from the air, killing civilians in cities," said Samial Dude, a former truck driver from the area around rebel-held Idlib, who also now lives in Hatay.
"We don't have guns. We don't even know who's bombing us, we are just being bombed. Even animals are treated as more important than Syrian people," they said.
The United States fired missiles at a Syrian air base on Friday in retaliation for a chemical attack that killed 87 people, including children, in the northwest Idlib province.
Both Washington and Ankara blame the Syrian government for the poison gas attack, but Damascus has denied responsibility.
Six years of civil war have killed an estimated half a million people and set new standards of savagery for civilians, with half of Syria's population uprooted in the world's biggest refugee crisis.
SEASONAL LABOUR
In Turkey, where Ankara provides the migrants with some aid, many works as seasonal labourers on farms to survive.
"I have been paying rent for six years and all my earnings go to pay it off," said Mohammad Hammadi, adding that they spend much of their time working with an aid organisation to help migrants who are even worse off than they are.
President Tayyip Erdoğan, long one of Assad's most vocal critics, is popular with the migrants in Hatay, who say they opened Turkey's borders to them when leaders in the Arab world did not. Erdoğan has called on the West should do more to help Turkey shoulder the humanitarian burden.
Turks will go to the polls on April 16 for a referendum on whether to change the constitution and give Erdoğan sweeping presidential powers. Although they will not be able to vote, some Syrians migrants hope that Erdoğan does secure more power.
"Of course we want Erdoğan to become stronger, maybe then they can help us more. Maybe then they can build homes for us here," said Gaceel al Awaad, who earns about 30 lira (6 pounds) a day working in fields, almost all of which goes to pay rent.
"We just pray to God that we can return as soon as possible. This is the only concern for Syrians in Turkey."
(Writing by David Dolan; editing by Alexander Smith)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- At the Virginia State Capitol, the grounds are under 24-hour protection by Capitol Police.
"We stay in constant contact with our law enforcement partners in DC and we monitor the threat,” Capt. Randy Howard said.
Officers are on alert after news of Wednesday morning's shootout at an Alexandria ballpark.
Capt. Howard is thinking of the victims, including two U.S. Capitol Police officers.
"We are very saddened of course by this event. Our hearts go out to those who are wounded,” Howard said.
Capt. Howard says they train annually to handle active shooter situations and are prepared to respond.
Officers protect state employees and the public at state-owned buildings, including Bon Secours Redskins Training Camp, the Science Museum of Virginia and the Virginia War Memorial.
Whether it is responding to a building or an open area, it can be very chaotic.
“The situations are the same in that you never know when or where it's going to happen. Active shooters don't fit a particular profile, so it happens anywhere at any time,” Howard said.
And even though the General Assembly is out of session, Howard said it is not unusual for Capitol Police to escort the governor and their cabinet members as well as Virginia lawmakers that request protection at scheduled events.
“We can be called upon at any time to escort them anywhere in the State. And we're happy to do that. That's part of the services we provide,” Howard said.
How US Capitol Police stopped a 'large-scale massacre'
Had two Capitol Police officers not worked a baseball diamond at 7 a.m. Wednesday, several members of Congress might be dead.
But their quick action and heroics prevented a shooting rampage from becoming what "very well could have been a large-scale massacre," Rep. Mo Brooks said.
The attack proved how vital -- and encompassing -- the Capitol Police can be. Here's what we know about the often obscure police force:
Who are the US Capitol Police, and what do they do?
More than 2,100 officers and civilians work for the Capitol Police. They're tasked with protecting the members, employees, visitors and facilities of Congress, according to their website.
The USCP also collaborates with other federal agencies and local law enforcement "to increase the collection and sharing of intelligence information," according to the Capitol Police strategic plan.
How big is their jurisdiction?
The Capitol Police jurisdiction is in the District of Columbia. But if members of Congress need additional security while in their home districts (or elsewhere), Capitol Police can coordinate with local police departments to provide that security.
Who were the Capitol Police officers in Wednesday's attack?
Special agents Crystal Griner and David Bailey are being hailed as heroes for taking down the gunman who shot House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others at a baseball practice.
Griner and Bailey are both members of Scalise's security detail.
Brooks, who was on the field when gunfire rang out, said they were amazed by the bravery of Capitol Police.
"The Capitol security guy, who had already been shot, who helped take down the shooter, came limping toward us in the outfield, totally ignoring their own wounds, to check on the person they were primarily responsible for, Steve Scalise," said Brooks, an Alabama Republican.
"We insisted that they (the officer) go back and get attended to because they were bleeding, but they were doing their job. Those two security details, those two Capitol police officers, they showed incredible bravery -- pistols against a rifle -- from a 90- to 120-feet distance. As you know, that kind of distance heavily favors the rifle."
Who gets personal security detail?
Definitely not all 535 members of Congress. But a handful of congressional leaders do have an officer nearby.
"Only constitutional office holders are given (security) details," said Rep. Joseph Crowley of New York, the Democratic Caucus chairperson.
In the House, that includes the speaker of the House, the majority and minority leaders, and both the whips.
"I'm not issued a detail," Crowley said. "No other members of leadership have detail or protection."
In the Senate, the leaders given personal detail are Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Majority Whip John Cornyn, Minority Whip Dick Durbin and President Pro Tem Orrin Hatch.
But any member of Congress can get extra security, if needed.
"If a threat is made against a specific member, the threat would be reported to police," Crowley said. "Then it would go through a risk assessment, and if it was determined that (the member) needed more security, then they would do it."
What events are Capitol Police required to work?
Capitol Police are required to secure all events on Capitol grounds.
While some members of Congress are granted off-site security detail, the extent to which Capitol Police are present at events outside Capitol grounds is not clear.
Several Congress members declined to provide details on how broad the security detail is, citing security concerns.
What happened to the officers wounded in Wednesday's attack?
Capitol Police Chief Matthew R. Verderosa commended Griner, Bailey and a third officer, Henry Cabrera, "for their heroic and appropriate response in protecting the Members and others."
"I'm grateful that Special Agent Griner is in good condition in the hospital having been shot in the ankle, and Special Agent Bailey was treated and released having sustained a minor injury during the incident," Verderosa said in a statement.
Rep. Roger Williams of Texas was at the GOP baseball practice Wednesday when the shooting started. They praised the two officers who fired back at the gunman.
"There could have easily been 25 deaths today," Williams said. Then their voice began shaking.
"My family and I will be forever grateful."
Hamilton Mountain Coun. Terry Whitehead is once again considering a run for mayor.
Whitehead, who was first elected in 2003 as Ward 8 councillor, said they started thinking about running after a number of people told them they should over the last few months.
“It's clear to me that a lot of friends and allies say I should seriously consider it. So I am,” said Whitehead.
This isn't the first time the veteran politician has thought about campaigning for the mayor's chair. In 2014 they were leaning towards running, but finally decided not to take the plunge. The 2014 mayoral election had a crowded field with 12 contenders including Eisenberger, and former councillors Brad Clark and Brian McHattie all jostling for the top spot.
"It's clear to me that a lot of friends and allies say I should seriously consider (running for mayor)." — Terry Whitehead
“I've got to look to see if I can contrast myself with the other candidates to really bring the deliverables and style in which Hamilton would be proud and inspired,” said Whitehead.
Over the course of this term Whitehead has become a polarizing figure, especially among social media activists for their views on transit, bike lanes and roads.
However, Whitehead says they have received more encouragement from people living in the downtown area than negative messages.
A decision about their political future will be made in about a month, they said.
So far Mayor Fred Eisenberger has already said they will seek re-election, while Flamborough resident Roman Sarachman has said they will run for mayor as well.
There is a shorter time frame for municipal candidates to decide whether to run in this election after changes to the Municipal Elections Act were passed last year. Nominations open up on May 1 and close July 27.
© Flickr/ Brian Over Two Thirds of UK Citizens Back Tax Increase to Boost NHS
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Earlier in the day, UK Prime Minister Theresa May called an early general election for June 8 with a parliamentary approval pending until Wednesday. The prime minister said a strong government was needed and the tough decision was taken to ensure stability in the country amid looming Brexit talks.
"Health is always one of the most important issues for the people of this country and with the NHS at breaking point, having been put through one of the worst winters on record, it must be a central issue in the upcoming election. The NHS must not be pushed to the margins in the focus on Brexit," BMA Council Chair Mark Porter was quoted as saying in a statement.
The union head slammed previous UK governments for neglecting healthcare and underinvesting in the NHS before calling on all parties to finally make plans to resolve the public health shortage crisis.
"There are crippling funding and staffing shortages undermining the delivery of safe care, and serious question marks over the future of thousands of EU citizens who are a vital part of the NHS," they added, referring to the fact that the government did not guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in the country ahead of Brexit.
The NHS has been plagued by increasing queues and long delays to treatment in what has been dubbed a health crisis by the opposition and watchdogs. In January, the British Red Cross-referred to huge waiting hours in UK hospitals as a "humanitarian crisis." May responded saying the phrasing used was inappropriate to describe the situation.
In early February, research published in the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine claimed that the lack of funding for the NHS and social care system in the United Kingdom had led to 30,000 excess deaths in 2015.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
* TSX ends down 78.71 points, or 0.50 percent, at 15,648.40
* Half of the TSX's 10 main groups fall
* BlackBerry jumps 15.4 pct after arbitration win
By Alastair Sharp
TORONTO, April 12 Canada's main stock index fell on Wednesday, as losses for its heavyweight financial and natural resource sectors offset a sharp boost in BlackBerry Ltd shares after it won an arbitration ruling against chipmaker Qualcomm Inc.
Lower oil prices pulled the index's influential energy group down 1.1 percent overall, while the financials group fell 0.8 percent, as investors took a cautious approach to lingering geopolitical tensions ahead of corporate earnings season.
Major oil sands player Canadian Natural Resources Ltd fell 1.2 percent at C$44.72.
"Earnings season is coming up fast and furious and we'll get a good idea of what companies are predicting for the rest of the year," said Barry Schwartz, portfolio manager at Baskin Financial Services.
"Corporations aren't putting money to work because they're not seeing demand like they were seeing, and of course we're very resource-heavy and prices don't dictate for anyone to start a new oil sands project here."
Cenovus Energy Inc declined 1.8 percent to C$14.45. The company's chief executive said on Tuesday that Cenovus will do more hedging after its acquisition of ConocoPhillips assets as they mounted a charm offensive on investors who balked at the deal.
Royal Bank of Canada, the country's largest lender, fell 0.8 percent to C$96.06 and Toronto-Dominion Bank lost 0.9 percent to C$65.57.
Bombardier Inc fell 6.3 percent to C$2.22 after a sharp gain in the prior session on reports its rail division is in merger talks with Siemens AG.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index settled down 78.71 points, or 0.50 percent, at 15,648.40, with half its 10 main groups in negative territory.
Decliners outnumbered advancers by 1.5-to-1.
BlackBerry surged 15.4 percent to C$11.85, hitting its highest level since January 2016, after Qualcomm was ordered to repay it $814.9 million in royalty payments.
Shaw Communications Inc also gained, up 4.8 percent at C$28.77 after reporting a jump in revenue driven by the addition of more wireless customers.
The Bank of Canada said it did not consider cutting interest rates as it left monetary policy unchanged amid signs of strong growth, but it is too early to conclude the economic growth is sustainable, Governor Stephen Poloz said on Wednesday.
Gold prices steadied after hitting a five-month peak in the prior session and copper fell.
The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, lost 0.4 percent. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
A token of the virtual currency Bitcoin is seen placed on a monitor that displays binary digits in this illustration picture, on Friday (Reuters file photo)
LONDON — Most Asian and European stock markets rose on Monday, tracking fresh records on Wall Street after forecast-busting US jobs data, as investors eyed this week's upcoming Federal Reserve [Fed] meeting.
Bitcoin continued its stratospheric rise after the virtual money began trading on its first major global exchange over the weekend.
European bourses enjoyed slender gains after a broadly positive Asian session, with London up 0.7 per cent, while Frankfurt added 0.2 per cent and Paris advanced 0.1 per cent in midday deals.
Eyes are now on the Fed's last monetary policy meeting of the year, which winds down on Wednesday.
Most analysts expect the central bank's policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) to lift interest rates again, but they will be more interested in what boss Janet Yellen has to say about the timetable for future increases.
"The Fed will no doubt provide markets with a central focus this week, where the FOMC are expected to come good on their promise of three rate hikes for 2017," said IG analyst Joshua Mahony.
"With market expectations for 2018 somewhat up in the air, there is a feeling that investors are hungry for clues as to where things will stand in 12-months' time."
US data on Friday showed 228,000 jobs were created last month and unemployment held at a 17-year low, reinforcing the view that the world's number one economy is in a healthy state.
The reading — mixed with news of a breakthrough in Brexit talks, strong Chinese indicators and aprogress in US tax reform — helped fire a rally in US equities before the weekend, driving the Dow and S&P 500 to all-time highs.
Adding to the upbeat sentiment was an agreement by US lawmakers to keep funding the government to avert a painful shutdown.
The advance helped staunch a sell-off that has hit global markets for most of this month as traders wound down and took profits before the end of the year.
In Asia on Monday, Tokyo ended 0.6-per cent higher as the Nikkei rose for a third straight day, while Hong Kong surged more than 1 per cent and Shanghai added 1 per cent as Chinese traders brushed off lower than expected inflation figures.
Bitcoin surges
Bitcoin catapulted past $18,000 on a wave of fresh optimism, despite persistent bubble fears.
The unit remains in focus after ticking off multiple records since the start of December.
Trading of the controversial digital currency on a futures contract began on Sunday on the Chicago board options exchange (Cboe) at a price of $15,000.
The move is a milestone for bitcoin, which has previously only been tradable on unregulated exchanges.
Bitcoin was trading at $17,600 per unit for the futures contract expiring on January 17, exceeding the highest value it had reached on alternative non-regulated internet platforms, and even climbed past $18,000.
"The level of volatility the introduction will have is uncertain," said Shane Chanel, equities and derivatives adviser at ASR Wealth Advisers.
This is a video of how NATO rebels exploded a suicide car bomb as Kafria & Foua kids were stranded for days, starved, then gathered on purpose to kill maximum number of victims! They succeeded in killing more than 116 kids! Then they sent their White Helmets actors to benefit by manipulating the tragedy to their favour knowing very well that they never set foot in the besieged towns of Kafria & Foua for 4 years simply because no Qaeda was there!!
Surviving eyewitnesses spoke of bad treatments by these terrorist rebels after the blast & before the stage was set for WH's! Many confirmed that “rebels” shot at them as they rushed to rescue their families & forced them into designated spots to make room for the WH show!”
A story about a true come back kid on this "Feel Good Friday." Two and a half year old Easton Carraway is now back home in Foley after beating a rare form of cancer, twice. The Gulf Coast community has rallied around them since their first diagnosis last year.
Scroll for more content...
He's spent more than half their life in a hospital, and it's been a long road. Just two weeks after Easton won their first battle against cancer, their parents heard the awful words: the cancer came back.
Beating cancer twice before their third birthday means Easton can pretty much do whatever they want, said their dad, Cody Carraway.
The vibrant 2-year-old has settled right back in at home in Foley after spending months at St. Jude Research Hospital in Memphis. Hooked up to machines, fighting for their life against a rare form of cancer, for the second time. They were first diagnosed last March when doctors found stage-four tumors in their pelvis and lungs. Against all odds, they beat it. We were there when they came home the first time. But just weeks later, the cancer came back.
"[We] went for routine blood work at South Baldwin. Left South Baldwin, we were traveling down the road, and they had a seizure, and so we took them for scans the next day, and that's when they told us it was on the brain, and we needed to get back to St. Jude, it was pretty devastating," said Carraway.
So they went back to Memphis, and after two stem cell transplants, another brain surgery, more chemo and radiation, Easton kicked cancer, again.
"The whole time the staff at St. Jude was very optimistic, told us, hey, they did it once, they can do it again."
And with their second victory, Easton also came back with a baby brother, Gunner. They were born while Easton was having brain surgery to remove the tumor. A roller coaster of emotions for their parents, but the feeling of having them back home and healthy, beats them all.
Carraway said Easton is their inspiration and role model, living proof that miracles can happen. There have been some side effects to the chemo and radiation since he's been home, but at last check, Easton's tests came back all good.
Eskom, whose relationship with Tegeta has been the subject of close scrutiny since Tegeta's acquisition of Optimum, last week confirmed that it had entered into a settlement agreement with Tegeta.
Eskom levied the fine on Optimum's previous owners, Glencore after the mine delivered substandard coal. Tegeta, a company in which President Jacob Zuma's son Duduzane and members of the Gupta family have interests, inherited the fine when it bought the mine from Glencore last year.
Johannesburg - The Department of Public Enterprises wants details of the arbitration settlement Eskom has struck with Tegeta Exploration & Resources, a company part-owned by the Gupta family over a fine of more than R2 billion Eskom had levied on Tegeta's Optimum coal mine.
But against the backdrop of last year's public protector report on so-called state capture, the deal between the two companies has raised eyebrows.
Report
The public protector's report suggested a close relationship between former Eskom chief executive Brian Molefe and members of the Gupta family. It also emerged that Eskom had made a prepayment of R569 million to Tegeta for the supply of coal. In the aftermath of the report, Molefe resigned from Eskom in November, last year.
Newspaper reports last weekend also alleged that Molefe and Eskom board chairperson Ben Ngubane had withheld information from a PwC report that pointed to several breaches in Tegeta's R4 billion coal-supply contract with Eskom.
Eskom's refusal to give details of the latest deal with Tegeta has raised more questions. The power utility has also not disclosed the settlement amount.
In a statement on Thursday, the Department of Public Enterprises said its director-general, Mogokare Richard Seleke, had requested a briefing from Eskom on the arbitration award in the Optimum mine matter to satisfy themselves "that Eskom's interests are secure".
Read also: Gupta's Tegeta settles Eskom penalty for R2bn
It said Seleke exercised an oversight role - as shareholders' representative on behalf of the government - in respect of the six state-owned companies in the Department of Public Enterprises' portfolio, including Eskom.
“The arbitration award settles a long-standing dispute between Eskom and Optimum mine over coal prices and supply. In terms of the rules of arbitration the quantum of the award may be publicly revealed on agreement of both parties.
"Eskom's legal representatives have approached those representing Tegeta Resources, owner of Optimum mine, to obtain the necessary consent,” the department said.
Eskom spokesperson Khulu Phasiwe said on Thursday that the matter had been settled through private arbitration.
“The arbitration was private, and Eskom is bound by the rules of confidentiality.
"Details cannot be revealed, but the arbitrator has made an award," said Phasiwe, adding that the matter was settled last month.
BUSINESS REPORT
The International Boxing Association (AIBA) has become the latest Olympic federation to sign up to the International Testing Agency (ITA), it was announced today.
AIBA, who reportedly conducted just one out-of-competition drugs test in 2014 and 2015, will hand over all of its anti-doping activities to the newly-established umbrella body.
This includes testing, result management for any anti-doping rule violations, intelligence-gathering, test-distribution planning, education and therapeutic use exemptions.
Anti-doping is one of several areas where AIBA must prove to the International Olympic Committee that improvements have been made if boxing is to be allowed to remain on the programme at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
Concerns have previously been raised about the strength of the anti-doping programme run by AIBA.
AIBA increased their anti-doping expenditure last year after reports in 2016 that only one out-of-competition anti-doping test had been conducted by the world body in the whole of 2014 and 2015.
Boxing ranked joint ninth among the sports with the highest number of anti-doping rule violations in 2016 with 35.
AIBA follow the International Table Tennis Federation in outsourcing its anti-doping to the Lausanne-based ITA, which has already begun operations.
Amateur boxing is the latest sport to hand over its anti-doping activities to the ITA ©Getty Images
The troubled worldwide governing body claim signing up to the ITA "reaffirms AIBA's strong efforts to bring positive change and further improvements to its governance and anti-doping system".
"AIBA is committed to clean sport and I am pleased that we are among the first Olympic International Federations to join the ITA," AIBA interim President Gafur Rahimov, appointed to the position despite their alleged links to organised crime, said.
"This new partnership is very much aligned with AIBA's strategy going forward and represents a big milestone for our organisation and the future of boxing."
ITA director general Ben Cohen said AIBA partnering with the body would allow the organisation to focus their efforts on developing the sport.
"Ensuring clean competitions is central to the integrity and reputation of any sport," they said.
"AIBA's proactive approach is completely consistent with the ITA's position as an independent and trusted partner in the protection of clean sport.
"By entrusting the full range of its anti-doping programme to us at the ITA, we hope in turn that we can enable AIBA to focus fully on its core mission of developing boxing.
"We look forward to providing AIBA with our expertise and are fully committed to support AIBA in its fight against anti-doping."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS — Chaos rocked this little neighborhood in Southeast Dallas on Tuesday morning when DPD reported to the scene of what was reported to be a vehicle burglary. When the cops arrived, they found it was actually a car chase… a car chasing two runaway cows!
Officers were dispatched to a burglary in progress upon arrival they took two four , legged suspects into custody @MaxDPD @ChiefHaleDPD pic.twitter.com/asJ2MNL89i — Terrence Rhodes (@DPDRhodes) June 14, 2017
A tweet sent out by Lieutenant Terrence Rhodes showed the apprehended suspect, and according to a statement by the department, “There was no criminal offense at the dispatched location, the owners of the livestock were located and the livestock was returned.”
But come on, that leaves a lot of unanswered questions! First of all, where did these cows even come from? We went down to the neighborhood to look for their possible origin and found nothing… the only cow we saw was on the side of a milk truck!
Then we talked to some residents and they said they didn't know anything about the cows, and didn't want to go on camera. So did they really sleep through it, or is it all part of a “cow”ver up?
At least we know these two “burger”lars are both off the streets now. Here's hoping the owner “beefs” up their fences, but if you happen to see these cattle on the loose again, just “steer” clear, call the cops and they'll hoof it over and help avert a cow-trastophe!
[India], Feb. 03 (ANI): The Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) on Saturday rebuffed a media report on retired Indian Naval Officer Kulbhushan Jadhav, saying that the article has "presented a mischievous false story".
In a statement, the MEA said that the article, published in English news magazine Frontline, was "riddled with factual inaccuracies" and posed a question mark on its credibility.
"Report riddled with factual inaccuracies & presents a concocted & mischievous false story. It relies on tutored videos released by Pak & furthers its propaganda. It places a question mark on its credibility & purpose," the statement read.
The MEA further clarified that Jadhav was a retired Indian Naval Officer, who was kidnapped in Iran and produced in Pakistan.
"Facts on K Jadhav remain what we released in our previous statements. He's a retired Indian Naval Officer, who was engaged in business in Iran, kidnapped in Iran and produced in Pakistan. We're fighting their case at ICJ (International Court of Justice)," it added.
The author of the article, Praveen Swami, has raised some questions over the official story and claimed that the governments of both India and Pakistan have been "economical with the truth".
"Precisely who Jadhav was and why they ended up where they did remain profoundly opaque. Basic questions remain unanswered; official documents are sealed. But interviews with over 10 diplomats and intelligence and naval officials from three countries make it clear that the governments of both India and Pakistan have been economical with the truth," the article read.
"Led by National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, and now by Research and Analysis Wing's (RAW) Anil Dhasmana, the programme has registered unprecedented success, hitting hard against organisations such as the Lashkar-e-Taiba and the Jaish-e-Muhammad," the author further wrote in the article, which appeared today.
"But the story of the man on death row illustrates that this secret war is not risk-free. Lapses in tradecraft and judgment, inevitable parts of any human enterprise, can inflict harm far greater than the good they seek to secure," it added.
Jadhav was arrested in Balochistan, Pakistan, over charges of alleged involvement in espionage and subversive activities for India's intelligence agency - the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW).
India, however, maintains that Jadhav was a former naval officer and kidnapped from Iran where they had business interests after retiring from the Indian Navy.
On April 10, 2017, Jadhav was sentenced to death by a Field General Court Martial (FGCM) in Pakistan.
On May 18, 2017, the International Court of Justice (ICJ) stayed the hanging, after India approached it against the death sentence.(ANI)
A thousand people died in Afghanistan in January as a result of terror attacks committed by the Taliban. With the Taliban now active in 70 percent of Afghan territory, Radio Sputnik discussed the issue with Rahimullah Yusufzai, a political and security analyst,as well as an expert on the Taliban.
Sputnik: Over the years we have heard the White House say that there is no purely military solution against the Taliban. But the US continues to prioritize military action over diplomacy. Why is it so?
You know, the Americans say one thing and do another. This is what Trump is known for.  They are very impulsive and can do very unexpected things. The Americans believe they can weaken the Taliban and then [force] it to agree to peace talks. […] The Taliban will never make a deal with the Americans.
© AP Photo/ Mirwais Khan, File US Officials: Three Times More Taliban Fighters in Afghanistan Now Than in 2014
I think this is a policy which will not work. President Trump now says there will be no more talks with the Taliban. This means that now there will be more focus on military operations. We'll see more US airstrikes and more troops being sent to Afghanistan. I think the Americans will put more pressure on Qatar to close down the Taliban office there. They will also put pressure on Pakistan. I think this aggressive policy of President Trump will bring more fighting to Afghanistan.
Sputnik: Has the attitude of the Afghan people changed towards the Taliban? Do the Pashtun tribes continue to support the militant group after years of atrocities?
Rahimullah Yusufzai: The Taliban now enjoys the support of not only the Pashtun tribes, because how can you explain the Taliban's presence in and control of some northern territories? […] Still, there are many people who do not like the Taliban, because many people have suffered [during its rule] and its policies were very hardline.
READ MORE: 'Nobody Wants to Talk': Expert Says Chances of US, Taliban Dialogue Soon Slim
Hear more about the topic in this edition of our Weekend Special with Rahimullah Yusufzai.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the speaker and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
Armed Forces chief Gen. Eduardo Año asks Congress for P124 million the Philippines has to cough up for the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement
Published 9:07 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The Philippine military is asking Congress for money to fund initial ground work to implement a 2014 military-to-military agreement with the US.
Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) Chief of Staff General Eduardo Año asked the House of Representatives Committee on Appropriations to provide the P124 million ($2.5 million*) as the country's "counterpart fund" in its Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) with the United States.
The AFP request is a "capital outlay fund" listed as "Construction and Enhancement of Base and Base Support Facilities."
Año appeared before the committee on Monday, August 14, to defend the budget of the AFP.
EDCA is an agreement which allows the US military to construct facilities and preposition defense assets inside Philippine military bases. (READ: What is EDCA? Look at Zambo's PH-US joint operations)
"We need to prepare these sites accordingly before the actual construction of these facilites may happen. It is beneficial for our armed forces," Año told the committee.
The improvements the US military plan to construct in the sites will eventually become properties of the Philippine military, said Año.
Año said 5 Philippine military bases have been identified for the implementation of EDCA. These are:
Edwin Andrews Air Base in Zamboanga City
Camp Bautista in Palawan
Fort Magsaysay in Nueva Ecija
Basa Air Base in Pampanga
Lumbia Airport in Cagayan De Oro
The Philippines negotiated EDCA during the previous administration to seek US assistance in addressing China's aggressiveness in the South China Sea.
The Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of EDCA amid protests that it was a de-facto basing agreement.
President Rodrigo Duterte has since adopted a foreign policy which is friendlier to China.
The Department of National Defense, which overseas the military, proposed a total budget of P195 billion for 2018, including P50 billion for the pension of retired enlisted personnel. – Rappler.com
MELBOURNE City captain Michael Jakobsen faces a race against the clock to be fit for Friday's semi-final at Newcastle Jets.
Thursday is D-Day for Jakobsen and they will need to train fully after they completed a modified session on Tuesday with City having a day off on Wednesday.
Jakobsen is hoping to get up, in what could be their last game for City with Adelaide United chasing their signature with Ersan Gulum set to come the other way in what would be an unrelated deal.
The defender aggravated their quad in a desperate last-ditch attempt to be fit for last Friday's elimination final encounter with Brisbane Roar.
The Dane has been a crucial stabilising defensive influence on City since joining at the start of last season.
Camera Icon Bruno Fornaroli (left) and Michael Jakobsen have been crucial for Melbourne City. Pic: AAP Picture: AAP
Such is their comfort on the ball they were deployed as a holding midfielder earlier in the season, as Bart Schenkeveld marshaled the defence.
The left and right-foot pairing of Jakobsen and Schenkeveld, who won City's best and fairest award last week, have formed a strong stopper's pairing.
Osama Malik, who's just returned from injury, filled the void with aplomb last week and is again on standby for Friday's Hunter Stadium clash against the dangerous Jets attack that netted 57 goals this season.
Camera Icon Michael Jakobsen (left) has been a calming influence for Melbourne City but faces a race to be fit for the semi-final. Pic: AAP Picture: AAP
“There's still some hope they (Jakobsen) will be part of the squad. He's a very important player for us and even if he's not playing he's important to have around, he's a leader in the team,'' Malik said.
“It was a bit of a long road (back) there, but it's nice to be back in the squad at such an important time in the season. To be honest I feel really good.''
Led by Irishman Roy O'Donovan, recent Socceroos call-up Dimi Petratos and Venezuelan national team star Ronald Vargas, who is expected to return from injury, with midfielder Riley McGree fresh off a hat-trick, the Jets are in ominous form.
The proposal is to address how laws are vulnerable to being declared unconstitutional through a petition filed by individuals, thereby wasting time and resources spent on passing them
Published 1:34 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Should the judiciary preview bills being debated in Congress to resolve constitutional issues before they are passed as laws?
A provision that allows Congress to ask the Supreme Court for advice on the constitutionality of a bill is being considered by the Constitutional Committee (Con-Com) formed by President Rodrigo Duterte.
The proposed measure is seen by its proponents as a way to ensure a streamlined manner of passing laws by lessening the chances of a petition challenging its constitutionality and possibly voiding the law.
"That is the suggestion, that we allow the Supreme Court to take jurisdiction...whether the Supreme Court is required to give in advance an opinion even on bills that are still pending in parliament. That is the doctrine of preview," said Con-Com chairperson Reynato Puno on Tuesday, March 20.
In the proposal, members of Congress take the initiative to ask the Supreme Court to resolve whether or not the bill, or a specific provision, violates the Constitution.
This way, the issue is resolved at an early stage and not after the bill has become law – when time, effort, and resources had already been spent on the entire process.
In the current setup, groups or individuals file a petition with the Supreme Court to question the constitutionality of a law, often with the goal of voiding the law.
Laws that have been challenged in this manner include the Reproductive Health Act, K-to-12 Act, and Anti-Violence Against Women Law.
The proposal on judicial review has been part of Con-Com's discussions on how the powers of the executive, judiciary, and legislative branches should be distributed. – Rappler.com
Market bears insist this ageing bull market, now the second-longest in history after celebrating its ninth birthday this month, is past its sell-by date.
However, Schwab strategist Liz Ann Sonders points to one good reason why this bull has been such a lengthy affair: suppressed investor sentiment. Bullish sentiment, as measured by the weekly American Association of Individual Investor polls, has averaged less than 37 per cent since the rally began in 2009. In contrast, sentiment averaged over 44 per cent during the prior 2003-07 bull market. Remarkably, net equity fund flows “have remained in negative territory during the entire bull market”, notes Sonders.
Investor wariness was understandable. Stocks halved after the dotcom bubble burst in 2000; by 2007, the hardy investors who had kept the faith were finally back at breakeven only to then endure the biggest bear market since the 1930s.
Usually, investors become bullish a few years into a bull market, with markets peaking when everyone is exuberant and there is no one left to buy. That hasn't happened this time.
The pervasive negativity “has probably lengthened the cycle”, says Reformed Broker blogger Josh Brown. That's very relevant, because it means this ageing bull may not need to be put out to pasture for some time yet.
Dotcom redux in IPO markets?
Surveys may suggest sentiment is muted but signs of bubbly behaviour are becoming apparent in the initial public offerings (IPO) market, according to Topdown Charts head of research Callum Thomas.
Thomas points to data from IPO expert Prof Jay Ritter showing 76 per cent of US companies that went public last year were losing money. That's the joint second-highest percentage in history, and an “ominous” echo of 1999-2000 levels, “the sort of thing you typically see toward the end of a market cycle”.
However, the data is less worrying than it appears. Firstly, more than four times as many companies went public in 1999 than in 2017. Now, bears might argue this merely reflects changed market circumstances – companies can easily raise money in secondary markets today, without the hassle of going public.
Still, Ritter's data also shows the percentage of money-losing IPOs remained low between 1990 and 1998 only to soar higher in 1999 and 2000, when risk appetite went through the roof. In contrast, readings over the last four years – 71, 70, 68 and 76 per cent – have been stable. There has been a gradual increase in risk appetite but no explosion higher.
2017 was not 1999; 2018 is not 2000.
Tech rebound may be too far, too fast
There are some signs of excess, however, most particularly in the high-flying technology sector. Has the tech rebound been a case of too far, too fast?
The recovery has certainly been a rapid affair. The tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 is back at all-time highs after gaining 16 per cent in a month. Some of the gains, like Netflix (up 60 per cent in 2018) and Amazon (35 per cent) have been truly eye-popping.
As a result, the Nasdaq has enjoyed double-digit gains in 2018 even as the broader S&P 500 index has only eked out small gains. The relative performance between the tech sector and the S&P 500 has now “separated to historically rare levels”, notes money manager and technical strategist Andrew Thrasher. The current outperformance is even greater than that seen before February's correction, when investors were piling into tech stocks. In fact, it's at levels unseen since 2009, says Thrasher, as well as mirroring extremes only briefly hit in 2007 and 2003.
Typically, such episodes are followed by periods of relative underperformance. Tech stocks don't have to fall, says Thrasher, but the recent outperformance does not look sustainable.
After 18 years, tech stocks finally beat inflation
The Nasdaq may be soaring but the index's long-term performance is not nearly as exciting, LPL Research strategist Ryan Detrick noted last week.
At the peak of the internet bubble in March 2000, the index topped out just above the 5,000 level. The severity of the crash that followed meant it didn't hit new highs until last year. Today, 113 new highs later, it's above 7,000. However, it's only just crept above 2000 levels if one adjusts for inflation, notes Detrick. In other words, the Nasdaq “has finally budged after 18 years”, delivering paltry real annual returns of just 0.1 per cent – not much compensation for a stomach-churning 18-year journey that involved a peak-to-trough loss of almost 80 per cent.
If you're a glass half-full type, you might conclude stocks eventually come good, that investors get their money back after even the very worst of market crashes. Still, the bigger point is that it doesn't really matter if you buy into a revolutionary technology that goes on to change the world – if the price isn't right, you're likely to endure a long, painful wait.
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
The Glencar/Manorhamilton team who were defeated by a point in the Feile Peil na nOg Division 5 Final
The Leitrim Minor team who defeated Sligo in the Connacht U17 Championship in Markievicz Park
The Mohill team who took part in the Donal McElligott & Donal Wrynn Shield Final of the Longford Leitrim U12 Cross-Border League in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada. Photo by Willie Donnellan
The Allen Gaels team who competed in the Donal McElligott & Donal Wrynn Shield Final of the Longford Leitrim U12 Cross-Border League last Thursday in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada. Allen Gaels won the Final 5-7 to 4-9. Photo by Willie Donnellan
The Fenagh St. Caillin's team who defeated Carrick Sarsfields by 3-14 to 3-12 to win Diarmuid McKiernan & Paddy Collum Cup in the Esquires Longford Leitrim U12 Cross-Border Finals in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada. Photo by Willie Donnellan
The St. Mary's Kiltoghert team who took part in U10 Go-Games Exhibition game at the recent All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Qualifier between Leitrim and Louth in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada. Photos by Willie Donnellan
The Mohill team who took part in U10 Go-Games Exhibition game at the recent All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Qualifier between Leitrim and Louth in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada. Photos by Willie Donnellan
The Glencar/Manorhamilton team who took part in U10 Go-Games Exhibition game at the recent All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Qualifier between Leitrim and Louth in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada. Photos by Willie Donnellan
The St. Patrick's Dromahair team who took part in U10 Go-Games Exhibition game at the recent All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Qualifier between Leitrim and Louth in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada. Photos by Willie Donnellan
The St. Joseph's & Bornacoola teams who took part in the U10 Go-Games at last Saturday's All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Qualifier between Leitrim and Monaghan in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada. Photos by Willie Donnellan
The Annaduff & Ballinamore Sean O'Heslin's teams who took part in the U10 Go-Games at last Saturday's All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Qualifier between Leitrim and Monaghan in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada. Photos by Willie Donnellan
The Allen Gals and Cloone teams who took part in the U10 Go-Games at last Saturday's All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Qualifier between Leitrim and Monaghan in Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada. Photos by Willie Donnellan
Members of the Drumkeerin and Kiltubrid teams who took part in last Saturday's Leitrim GAA Games & Coaching committee's Go Games Exhibition at halftime of the Leitrim v Monaghan All-Ireland SFC Qualifier. Photo by Willie Donnellan
The Carrick-on-Shannon Area Community Games team that defeated the Ballinamore Area in the County Final last Sunday in Pairc Naomh Mhuire pictured with their coaches Donal O'Grady and Shane Kelly. (Back, from left) Jude Kennedy, Jack Kelly, Michael O'Grady, Gearoid Curley, Conor Deegan, Sean Gaffney, Richie Gavican, Sean Keaney. (Front) Evan Murtagh, Iarla Martin, Harry Newcombe, Alex McTiernan, Reece Walsh, Daragh Boyle, Daniel Bracken. Missing from photo is Ronan Connolly and coach Seamus Connolly. The team now represents Leitrim in the Connacht series which take place in Carrick-on-Shannon on July 14. Photo by Willie Donnellan
Nassau – Bahamar, being a good corporate citizen, this past week decided to give NEMA some $25,000 to assist in its Hurricane Relief Fund.
Now we at BP support this but we want NEMA and Captain Stephen dem to account.
It has been months now since Ragged Island was hit by Hurricane Irma back in 2017. We know the promise of a Green City was being envisioned. What has happened on that island almost a year since its destruction?
Where is NEMA's accounting on what it has done to restore the island following the aftermath of that devastation? Where is the update to Parliament?
Now, if NEMA and the Government have no plans for the people of Ragged Island, then let's hear them say so. But ya can't be collecting donations, NEMA, and at the same time take the position that the Government will not be repairing anyone's home.
WHAT IS THIS?
We report yinner decide!
CT New York NY Zone Forecast
CT New York NY Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
409 FPUS51 KOKX 040746
ZFPOKX
Zone Forecast Product
National Weather Service New York NY
346 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
CTZ005-042015-
Northern Fairfield-
346 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT UNTIL 9 PM EDT THIS EVENING...
.TODAY...Partly sunny. Patchy fog this morning. A chance of
showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Highs in the upper 80s.
East winds around 5 mph, becoming south around 5 mph this
afternoon. Chance of rain 40 percent. Heat index values in the
upper 90s.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then becoming mostly
cloudy. Patchy fog after midnight. Humid with lows around 70.
South winds around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Patchy fog in the morning. Partly sunny. Humid with
highs in the upper 80s. South winds 5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy. A chance of showers with a
slight chance of thunderstorms after midnight. Humid with lows in
the mid 70s. South winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Some thunderstorms
may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs in the lower 80s.
Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. A chance of showers in the
evening. Cooler with lows in the upper 50s. Chance of rain
40 percent.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows around 60.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
$$
CTZ009-042015-
Southern Fairfield-
346 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT UNTIL 9 PM EDT THIS EVENING...
.TODAY...Partly sunny. Patchy fog this morning. A slight chance
of showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Highs in the mid
80s. South winds around 5 mph. Chance of rain 20 percent.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then becoming mostly
cloudy. Patchy fog after midnight. Humid with lows in the lower
70s. South winds around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Patchy fog in the morning. Partly sunny. Humid with
highs in the mid 80s. South winds 5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy. A slight chance of showers after
midnight. Humid with lows in the mid 70s. Southwest winds 10 to
15 mph. Chance of rain 20 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Some thunderstorms
may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs in the lower 80s.
Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers in the
evening, then partly cloudy after midnight. Lows in the lower
60s. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs around 80.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
$$
CTZ006-042015-
Northern New Haven-
346 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT UNTIL 9 PM EDT THIS EVENING...
.TODAY...Partly sunny. Patchy fog this morning. A chance of
showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Highs in the upper 80s.
Northeast winds around 5 mph, becoming south around 5 mph this
afternoon. Chance of rain 40 percent. Heat index values in the
upper 90s.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then becoming mostly
cloudy. Patchy fog after midnight. Humid with lows in the lower
70s. South winds around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Patchy fog in the morning. Partly sunny. Humid with
highs in the upper 80s. South winds 5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy. A slight chance of showers and
thunderstorms after midnight. Humid with lows in the mid 70s.
South winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 20 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Some thunderstorms
may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs in the lower 80s.
Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph, becoming west in the afternoon.
Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers in the
evening, then partly cloudy after midnight. Cooler with lows in
the upper 50s. Chance of rain 40 percent.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows around 60.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
$$
CTZ010-042015-
Southern New Haven-
346 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Partly sunny. Patchy fog this morning. A slight chance
of showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Highs in the mid
80s. South winds around 5 mph. Chance of rain 20 percent. Heat
index values in the mid 90s.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then becoming mostly
cloudy. Patchy fog after midnight. Humid with lows in the lower
70s. South winds around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Patchy fog in the morning. Partly sunny. Humid with
highs in the mid 80s. South winds 5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then mostly
cloudy with a slight chance of showers after midnight. Humid with
lows in the mid 70s. South winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain
20 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Some thunderstorms
may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs in the lower 80s.
Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the evening, then partly cloudy after midnight.
Some thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall in the evening.
Cooler with lows in the lower 60s. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs around 80.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows around 60.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
$$
CTZ007-042015-
Northern Middlesex-
346 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT UNTIL 9 PM EDT THIS EVENING...
.TODAY...Partly sunny. Patchy fog this morning. A chance of
showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Highs in the upper 80s.
Light and variable winds, becoming south around 5 mph this
afternoon. Chance of rain 40 percent. Heat index values in the
upper 90s.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then becoming mostly
cloudy. Patchy fog after midnight. Humid with lows in the lower
70s. South winds around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Patchy fog in the morning. Partly sunny. Humid with
highs in the mid 80s. South winds 5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy. A slight chance of showers after
midnight. Humid with lows in the mid 70s. South winds 5 to
10 mph. Chance of rain 20 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Some thunderstorms
may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs in the lower 80s.
Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers in the
evening, then partly cloudy after midnight. Cooler with lows in
the upper 50s. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs around 80.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 50s.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 80s.
$$
CTZ011-042015-
Southern Middlesex-
346 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Partly sunny. Patchy fog this morning. A slight chance
of showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Highs in the mid
80s. South winds around 5 mph. Chance of rain 20 percent. Heat
index values in the mid 90s.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Patchy fog after midnight. Humid with
lows in the lower 70s. South winds around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly cloudy in the morning, then becoming mostly
sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Humid with highs in the lower
80s. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then mostly
cloudy with a slight chance of showers after midnight. Humid with
lows in the mid 70s. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain
20 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Some thunderstorms
may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs in the upper 70s.
Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the evening, then partly cloudy after midnight.
Some thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall in the evening.
Lows around 60. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 50s.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
$$
CTZ008-042015-
Northern New London-
346 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
...HEAT ADVISORY IN EFFECT UNTIL 9 PM EDT THIS EVENING...
.TODAY...Partly sunny. Patchy fog this morning. A slight chance
of showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Highs in the upper
80s. West winds around 5 mph, becoming south around 5 mph this
afternoon. Chance of rain 20 percent. Heat index values in the
upper 90s.
.TONIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then becoming mostly
cloudy. Patchy fog. Humid with lows around 70. Southwest winds
around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly cloudy in the morning, then becoming mostly
sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Humid with highs in the mid
80s. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then mostly
cloudy with a slight chance of showers after midnight. Humid with
lows in the lower 70s. South winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain
20 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Some thunderstorms
may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs in the lower 80s.
Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers and
thunderstorms in the evening, then partly cloudy after midnight.
Some thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall in the evening.
Cooler with lows in the upper 50s. Chance of rain 50 percent.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs around 80.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
$$
CTZ012-042015-
Southern New London-
346 AM EDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Partly sunny. Patchy fog this morning. A slight chance
of showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Highs in the mid
80s. South winds around 5 mph. Chance of rain 20 percent.
.TONIGHT...Mostly cloudy. Patchy fog. Humid with lows around 70.
Southwest winds around 5 mph.
.THURSDAY...Mostly cloudy in the morning, then becoming mostly
sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Humid with highs in the lower
80s. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening, then mostly
cloudy with a slight chance of showers after midnight. Humid with
lows in the lower 70s. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph. Gusts up to
20 mph after midnight. Chance of rain 20 percent.
.FRIDAY...Showers and thunderstorms likely. Some thunderstorms
may produce heavy rainfall. Humid with highs around 80. Southwest
winds 5 to 10 mph. Gusts up to 20 mph in the morning. Chance of
rain 70 percent.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Mostly cloudy with showers likely with a chance
of thunderstorms in the evening, then partly cloudy after
midnight. Some thunderstorms may produce heavy rainfall in the
evening. Lows in the upper 50s. Chance of rain 60 percent.
.SATURDAY...Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the mid 50s.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the upper 50s.
.MONDAY...Sunny. Highs in the lower 80s.
.MONDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows in the lower 60s.
.TUESDAY...Sunny. Highs in the upper 70s.
$$
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
History hasn't been kind to the Sega Master System, which now plays second fiddle (with a busted string) to the NES. But people forget the console was hugely popular in the UK, and a vital part of gaming's history. Sega Master System: a visual compendium (from $25) should set the record straight. This lavish book is the sixth in the visual compendium series, and the first to be officially licensed. Once it's all designed and Sega's waved its magic approval wand, you'll have in your hand 300+ pages of pixel art, photos, and features about Sega's 8-bit wonder, bookmark ribbons (red and blue, naturally) to keep your place, and a natty pair of 3D specs. What – you didn't think they'd forget about all those trailblazing 3D games, did you?
Educational Qualification: +2, ITI Important Date: Starting date for applying: 7-1-2017 Ending date for applying: 31-1-2017 99 Posts View More Details Apply Online …
Attorney General Jeff Sessions responded to Devin Nunes's disputed memo about the Russia investigation on Friday, saying “concerns have been raised about the Department's performance” and that the DOJ is accountable not just to the American people but to “those they have elected.”
Sessions said in a statement:
Congress has made inquiries concerning an issue of great importance for the country and concerns have been raised about the Department's performance. I have great confidence in the men and women of this Department. But no Department is perfect.
Accordingly, I will forward to appropriate DOJ components all information I receive from Congress regarding this. I am determined that we will fully and fairly ascertain the truth.
We work for the American people and are accountable to them and those they have elected. We will meet that responsibility.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Coast Guard Cutter McCulloch collided with a passenger ship and sank when dense fog rolled onto the Southern California coast on June 13, 1917.
A hundred years later, US Coast Guard and NOAA officials announced they found its remains.
The steam engine ship based in San Francisco was considered the largest cutter built of its era.
The long-lost US military ship battled wars and sailed across the Pacific in the late 1800s until it collided with the passenger steamship that carried more than 400 passengers, US Coast Guard and NOAA officials said. The shipwreck disappeared underwater, but the entire crew was rescued. Days later a crew member died from their injuries.
During its 20-year career, the ship cruised the Pacific, enforced fur seal regulations in Alaska waters and joined US. Asiatic Squadron during the Spanish-American War, officials said.
Authorities have used the ship as an example of efficiency and readiness for years.
"The men and women who crew our newest cutters are inspired by the exploits of great ships and courageous crews like the McCulloch," said Todd Sokalzuk, commander of the 11th Coast Guard district in a statement.
The shipwreck disappeared underwater for nearly a century until a research team found the remains of the three-masted ship not far from the 1916 collision site off Point Conception, a place that turns dangerous when there are heavy winds, big swells and heavy fog.
"We call that, the graveyard of the Pacific. It is not uncommon for big sailors to have problems at Point Conception," said Greg Gorga, executive director of the Santa Barbara Maritime Museum.
Plans for the future of the McCulloch are still uncertain and the ship continues resting on the ocean floor.
Prescot Men made some history this weekend.
Out of 16 Divisions they sit top of North West Division 1.
Their highest ever league position in their 55 year history.
The team is self taught and self coached as no schools locally play hockey in Knowsley or St Helens which makes the achievement even more remarkable.
Almost every other club has players who have played hockey at school.
Prescot want to get more male players giving hockey a go as hockey is seen as a much greater fitness challenge than football and much more skilful than either code of rugby (Sport England 2016!).
Everyone remembers GB women winning the Gold in Rio last year but Prescot has a huge historical link to the first GB hockey gold medal in 1988.
The GB men played their final two warm up games at Prescot HC before heading of to Seoul to claim the gold. Sadly those pitches are long gone but Prescot hockey club is thriving with many local Prescotians playing each week.
There are still five or six players involved with the club (and playing!) who remember those games against Canada and New Zealand in 1988.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
One family of genes allows cells to adapt to daily changes in environmental conditions by adjusting their internal "body clock," the circadian clock responsible for regular sleep-wake cycles. The new discovery by University of Tokyo scientists reveals for the first time that circadian regulation may be directly connected to cellular stress.
Circadian rhythms are found in almost all organisms with sensitivity to light. Problems with circadian rhythms in humans are related to diseases including high blood pressure (hypertension), metabolic disorders, and insomnia. Shift workers and the elderly both have increased risk for these diseases as a result of disruption of their circadian clock.
The research team responsible for the work is based at the University of Tokyo and led by Professor Yoshitaka Fukada and Assistant Professor Hikari Yoshitane in the Department of Biological Sciences. The latest results stem from a series of ongoing experiments and continue to build on the lab's interests in circadian studies. Collaborators led by Professor Hidenori Ichijo of the Graduate School of Pharmaceutical Sciences developed the unique mice used in the experiments.
Researchers used cells and mice that lacked three genes: apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1, 2, and 3 (Ask1, Ask2, Ask3). In results from both cells and mice, the Ask genes were necessary to respond to both sudden changes to the environment and gradual changes over time.
Cells without the Ask genes did not show the changes to their circadian rhythm that are expected from normal cells growing in environments with too high or too low salt or sugar concentrations. The cells without Ask genes were also impervious to the changes expected after cells accumulate too much oxidative stress. Uncontrolled oxidative stress creates potentially toxic environments within cells due to changes in chemical balance.
"Many researchers in this field have long suspected oxidative stress and circadian rhythms are somehow connected because of the cycles of photosynthesis and DNA replication we see even in ancient organisms; photosynthesis requires sunlight and creates free radicals that could damage DNA, so cells postpone DNA replication and cell division until nighttime when photosynthesis has stopped. We are very excited about our results because we can approach the origin of the circadian clock by connecting oxidative stress and circadian regulation through the Ask genes," said Fukada.
The results in cells were further supported by observations of mouse behavior. Normal mice can change their wake-up time the next morning after unexpected light exposure during the night, as measured by their activity running on a wheel. Mice without Ask genes have less ability to synchronize their circadian clock to changes in environmental light-dark cycles.
"The dream is to have a tool to regulate circadian rhythms. Basic science like our research can show hints for later drug discovery work," said Yoshitane.
The University of Tokyo team plans to continue to study the detailed cellular mechanisms connecting Ask genes to oxidative stress and potential methods of influencing the circadian rhythm.
###
Journal Article
Imamura K, Yoshitane H, Hattori K, Yamaguchi M, Yoshida K, Okubo T, Naguro I, Ichijo H, Fukada Y. (2018.) ASK family kinases mediate cellular stress and redox signaling to circadian clock. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 115(12). http://www. pnas. org/ cgi/ doi/ 10. 1073/ pnas. 1719298115 DOI 10.1073/pnas.1719298115
Funding
Japan Society for the Promotion of Science research fellowship for young scientists
Grants-in-Aid for Scientific Research from the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology
PRIME, the Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development
Related Links
Fukada Group Lab
Research Contact
Professor Yoshitaka FUKADA
Graduate School of Science, Department of Biological Sciences, The University of Tokyo
7-3-1 Hongo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0033 JAPAN
E-mail: sfukada@mail.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp
Phone: +81-3-5841-4381
Fax: +81-3-5841-0763
Assistant Professor Hikari YOSHITANE
Graduate School of Science, Department of Biological Sciences, The University of Tokyo
7-3-1 Hongo, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0033 JAPAN
E-mail: stane@mail.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp
Phone: +81-3-5841-4382
Fax: +81-3-5841-0763
Public Relations Contact
Junko TANIAI
Public Relations Office, Graduate School of Science, University of Tokyo
E-mail: kouhou.s@gs.mail.u-tokyo.ac.jp
Phone: +81-3-5841-0654
About the University of Tokyo
Give us about ten minutes a day and we will give you all the local news, local sports, local weather, and local events you can handle.
Today…Snow, a lights parade, a Navy loss, several fires, and some exciting news from the Chesapeake Bay Blues Festival and Compass Rose Theater. Your winter forecast from DMV Weather and local high school sports from Kevin Chaney. All that and more!
IMPORTANT: We are now on Spotify!
The Eye On Annapolis Daily News Brief will be released at 7am beginning on January 1!
The Eye On Annapolis Daily News Brief is produced Monday through Friday and available on Apple Podcasts, Google Music, Stitcher Radio, tunein, IHeartRADIO, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, and of course at Eye On Annapolis.
Our weather partner is DMV Weather based in Annapolis. Please download their APP so you can keep on top of the local weather scene!
And for your local high school and college (well, and a little bit of pro) we have Kevin Chaney (@KChaneySports) with all the news you can use!
The Daily News Brief is sponsored in part by Rams Head On Stage where the worst seat in the house is still only 48 feet away!
Please be sure to check out our weekly podcast, The Maryland Crabs!
All content ©2017, Eye On Annapolis
Related
Category: Daily News Brief, Local News, NEWS, Podcast
LEADING OFF: Nats fall to .500, Shohei back in the box
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-4', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 4', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Boston Red Sox second baseman Eduardo Nunez waits for the ball to make the tag on Washington Nationals' Michael Taylor who was out at second base on the steal attempt, during the second inning of an interleague baseball game at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. less Boston Red Sox second baseman Eduardo Nunez waits for the ball to make the tag on Washington Nationals' Michael Taylor who was out at second base on the steal attempt, during the second inning of an interleague ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 2 of 4 Washington Nationals third baseman Anthony Rendon (6) and shortstop Trea Turner (7) miss a grounder hit by Boston Red Sox' Eduardo Nunez for a double, during the eighth inning of an interleague baseball game at Nationals Park Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Washington. The Red Sox won 11-4. less Washington Nationals third baseman Anthony Rendon (6) and shortstop Trea Turner (7) miss a grounder hit by Boston Red Sox' Eduardo Nunez for a double, during the eighth inning of an interleague baseball game at ... more Photo: Alex Brandon, AP Image 3 of 4 Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani takes to the field to warm up for the team's baseball game against the Seattle Mariners, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Seattle. Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani takes to the field to warm up for the team's baseball game against the Seattle Mariners, Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Seattle. Photo: Stephen Brashear, AP Image 4 of 4 LEADING OFF: Nats fall to .500, Shohei back in the box 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
A look at what's happening around the majors Wednesday:
NATIONAL DECLINE
The Nationals could use a spark before the July 4 fireworks go off in D.C. Washington is at risk of falling below .500 for the first time since May 2 as it continues a series against Boston at 11 a.m. EDT. The Red Sox thumped the Nationals 11-4 on Tuesday, giving Washington its fourth straight loss and 16th in 21 games to fall to 42-42. That slide has the preseason NL East favorites chasing the Braves and Phillies in the division. Erick Fedde (1-3, 6.00) tries to stop Washington's skid against Boston left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez (9-3, 4.11).
THE SHO GOES ON
Shohei Ohtani is back from the disabled list, albeit without full use of their electric right arm. The Japanese two-way sensation has been cleared to hit and was in the Angels' lineup as a designated hitter Tuesday night, but they won't be pitching anytime soon due to a Grade 2 sprain of their ulnar collateral ligament suffered more than three weeks ago. Ohtani has received stem cell therapy and a platelet-rich plasma injection on their right elbow, and it's unclear if he'll be able to return to the mound this year. For now, Los Angeles welcomes them as a hitter. They entered Tuesday batting .289 with a .907 OPS and six homers in 114 at-bats.
ROTATION RESET
Gerrit Cole (9-2) will pitch on regular rest for the Astros after a slight tweak to their rotation. Lance McCullers Jr. was initially scheduled to start at Texas, but Cole will pitch instead. Justin Verlander (9-4) will follow Thursday at home against the White Sox and McCullers goes Friday. Manager A.J. Hinch said the switch keeps Cole and Verlander pitching every fifth day, and provides extra rest for McCullers (9-3) and Charlie Morton (10-2). The reset rotation means likely All-Star selection Verlander is scheduled for the final game before the break. "This is always going to be the priority," said Hinch, the All-Star manager who then won't have Verlander available to pitch for the AL team on July 17 in Washington D.C.
BAUER POWER
Trevor Bauer tries to carry over an outstanding June when the Indians play at Kansas City. Bauer (7-6, 2.45) was 3-3 with a 2.18 ERA last month, striking out 62 batters in 41 1/3 innings. They get probably their easiest test of the year against the Royals, who scored a major league-low 58 runs in June — the second-lowest output was Tampa Bay at 87.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Amid the controversy surrounding White House National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's alleged conversations with Russia, it may be instrumental to recall that representatives for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign were accused of meeting with Hamas and Iran.
Depending on what took place, the alleged contacts with Iran may have violated the Logan Act, which bars citizens from negotiating with foreign governments in dispute with the United States. It may be questionable whether Hamas, which rules the Gaza Strip, legally qualifies as a foreign government.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
In 2008, Robert Malley stepped down as an informal foreign policy adviser to Obama's campaign when it was revealed that they met with Hamas members.
Malley admitted to the meetings, but they claimed they met with the terrorists as part of their private job.
“I have never hidden the fact that I had meetings with Hamas,” Malley wrote in an open letter published in the New York Times. “I do this as part of my job as the Middle East program director at the International Crisis Group.”
They said they distanced themselves from Obama's campaign because the Hamas meetings were “becoming a distraction to me and to Senator Obama's campaign, and to avoid any misperception — misrepresentation being the more accurate word — about the candidate's position regarding the Islamist movement.”
Malley later joined the Obama administration. In 2015, they were appointed to lead the Middle East desk of the National Security Council.
They were also named Obama's special adviser regarding the Islamic State.
Meanwhile, in August 2014, Michael Ledeen, a former consultant to the National Security Council and U.S. Defense Department, penned a column at PJ Media stating Obama opened a back-channel to Iran during the 2008 presidential campaign. Ledeen said the back channel went through retired Ambassador William G. Miller, who also led the 1979 negotiating mission during the Iran hostage crisis. Ladeen wrote that Miller confirmed their back-channel involvement to him.
Ledeen wrote:
The actual strategy is detente first, and then a full alliance with Iran throughout the Middle East and North Africa. It has been on display since before the beginning of the Obama administration. During their first presidential campaign in 2008, Mr. Obama used a secret back channel to Tehran to assure the mullahs that they were a friend of the Islamic Republic, and that they would be very happy with their policies. The secret channel was Ambassador William G. Miller, who served in Iran during the shah's rule, as chief of staff for the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and as ambassador to Ukraine. Ambassador Miller has confirmed to me their conversations with Iranian leaders during the 2008 campaign.
The Logan Act states:
Any citizen of the United States, wherever they may be, who, without authority of the United States, directly or indirectly commences or carries on any correspondence or intercourse with any foreign government or any officer or agent thereof, with intent to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign government or of any officer or agent thereof, in relation to any disputes or controversies with the United States, or to defeat the measures of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter.  They are a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow them on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow them on Facebook.
Fast food jobs pay some of the lowest wages in the country, giving workers little reason to stick around if they get a better offer and proving costly to employers who need to find people to replace them.
In California, one Chick-fil-A franchisee says he's trying to break the cycle.
Eric Mason, who for the last three years has owned a Chick-fil-A off the highway near the Sacramento airport, says that next week he'll start hiring “hospitality professionals” starting at $17 an hour, up from the $12 to $13 an hour they pay now.
“When we go to the living wage, we're looking for people who are trying to raise families, improve their lifestyle,” they told ABC10 News on May 26. “Maybe they could just work one job, and then it's sustainable. What that does for the business is provided consistency, someone that has relationships with our guests. It's going to be building a long-term culture.”
Mason's marketing manager Marena Weisman confirmed to CNNMoney that the franchise would be hiring between 35 and 45 people at the new rate, for work in both the front and the back of the house, and that all current employees are encouraged to apply for the positions.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, fast food cooks in the Sacramento area make an average of $11.42 an hour, about a dollar higher than the national level.
Even though California's minimum wage is currently $11 an hour, and will rise steadily to $15 by 2022, Mason's $5 jump is unusual.
“All responsible employers are preparing for the impact of the increasing minimum wage, but they are usually doing it over time and planning for it,” says Carey Klosterman, director of research and compensation services at the California Employers Association.
One reason why: Even employees making just a little bit more than the minimum wage tend to expect raises too. So if employers raise wages too quickly, it can get expensive.
“While increasing the wage to this level at a fast food restaurant is commendable, I don't foresee that many businesses will likely be following in their footsteps,” Klosterman says.
Such big hikes in wages are also especially rare in franchised industries, where the headquarters often charges steep royalties and controls many aspects of the operation — including prices and promotions. That can make life difficult for franchisees in areas with higher fixed costs like wages.
“If you're in a territory where labor is much higher than the rest of the country, you could be underwater,” says Peter Lagarias, an attorney for franchisees based in San Rafael, California. “When these kinds of pressures all build up, you can understand that franchisees are hurting.”
Lagarias hasn't seen the franchise agreement for Chick-fil-A, which is relatively new to California, so it's not clear whether an owner-operator could pass along increased labor costs by charging higher prices. Chick-fil-A is unusual in that each owner is limited to one store apiece, which keeps them more involved in day-to-day operations.
A spokesperson from Chick-fil-A's corporate office said only that local operators make their own hiring and wage decisions.
However, Mason's strategy could pay off in the long run.
Research has shown that raising wages can reduce turnover, which in the restaurant industry can be as high as 100% per year. Each time a worker leaves, it costs the restaurant owner money because they then have to fill the shift with someone else.
Mason is also correct to point out that many low-wage workers have to hold down multiple jobs at a time in order to survive, and that full-time work at a livable wage is something many would try hard to keep.
“The reason people leave low wage jobs is that they're trying to find something just a little bit better,” says Sylvia Allegretto, a labor economist at the University of California, Berkeley.
At $17 an hour, Mason's “hospitality professional” positions could be practically immune from turnover.
“You're going to try very hard to get that job, and you're going to be a very good, diligent productive worker,” Allegretto says. “Because if you lose that job, your next job will be back down close to the minimum wage.”
That may position Mason's store to succeed in what's rapidly become a job seekers' market. Sacramento's unemployment rate tracks the national average, which is currently 3.9%. That's the lowest rate it's been since 2000 and it's expected to keep dropping through 2018.
A $17 wage would also allow Mason to be picky with the people they hire, and according to a job description, those expectations are high.
A successful applicant, it reads, “must love to smile & connect with people, make eye contact & speak enthusiastically” and “makes working hard and delivering high standards look easy and effortless, enabling others to be efficient and effortless as well.”
SAN DIEGO – U.S. border officers discovered a man hidden in a shipment of wood shavings Tuesday at the Otay Mesa Cargo port of entry, authorities said.
The shipment from Mexico was inside a large trailer hauled by a 2009 Freightliner truck. A Customs and Border Protection officer referred the 43-year-old Mexican truck driver to secondary inspection. Officers scanned the trailer with an imaging system and saw something suspicious.
When they pulled the tarp off the load, they found an undocumented man hidden under the wood shavings.
This developing story will be updated as more information becomes available.
WASHINGTON — The Defense Department will allow transgender people to enlist in the military starting Jan. 1, Fox News reported Monday.
The decision goes against a ban on transgender servicemembers announced over the summer by President Donald Trump on Twitter, Last week a federal court ordered the military to accept transgender recruits. The Department of Justice is appealing that decision to a higher court.
Transgender people who want to enlist in the military must still meet a strict and lengthy set of physical, medical and mental conditions to join the armed forces, Fox News reported.
Less than three years after quitting the NRL to switch codes, NZ-born Ben Te'o is poised to be named in rugby union's most famous touring squad, the British & Irish Lions.
The South Sydney premiership winner has played eight tests and started just once for England, but is tipped to make the 37-man squad for New Zealand, setting up a potential showdown against Sonny Bill Williams.
Te'o would become the first NRL player in history to make the Lions squad.
The Lions v All Blacks series in June will be the biggest rugby event of 2017 and Te'o's mooted selection would cap a remarkable transition to the 15-man code.
The 30-year-old would beat far more experienced centres from Wales, Ireland and Scotland, if they make coach Warren Gatland's squad, to be named on Wednesday.
England's Telegraph newspaper reported that Te'o will be on the trip, after Lions assistant coaches Steve Borthwick and Rob Howley watched in the stands, as they helped Worcester defeat Bath last weekend.
Te'o and Williams both play at inside centre.
Williams is expected to start at No 12 for the All Blacks during the series.
League fans will still remember Te'o's shoulder charge of Williams during the Rabbitohs match against the Roosters in 2014.
Continued below.
Related Content Rugby: Aussie wing Drew Mitchell to retire at end of French season UFC: Kiwi Robert Whittaker still facing uphill battle to world title shot NRL: NRL Round 7 redux
Both men quit league after that season, with Williams returning to the All Blacks, while Te'o joined Irish club Leinster.
In late 2015, Te'o moved to Worcester and by June last year, England coach Eddie Jones picked them for the tour of Australia.
But Te'o did not play a game against the Wallabies and had to wait until last November to make their test debut against South Africa.
They came off the bench, as England defeated the Wallabies in December and was a part of their Six Nations-winning campaign this year.
However, they were a secondary midfield option, with Owen Farrell the first-choice inside centre.
With only five midfield players to be selected for the Lions, it would be a bold move by Gatland to select Te'o, given they are not a first-choice starter for their country and they would inevitably take a spot ahead of others who are regular starters.
Te'o was born in New Zealand, but played a league test for Samoa and seven State of Origin games for Queensland.
The Lions tour once every four years and many great northern hemisphere players never made a trip.
Gatland was in charge of the Lions in 2013, when they defeated the Wallabies 2-1, a series result that ultimately led to the sacking of Australia's coach Robbie Deans.
But the Lions have not won a series against the All Blacks since 1971, with their last visit in 2005 resulting in a humiliating 3-0 whitewash.
- news.com.au
From the City of Havre de Grace:
The Havre de Grace Office of Tourism announced today the Historic Preservation Commission will be holding its 10th Annual Family-Friendly Mardi Gras Parade on Fat Tuesday, February 28, 2017.
The parade route begins along Bourbon Street and ends at the American Legion. Along the route, spectators will receive beads and other throws in true Mardi Gras style. “There will be more than 7,000 throws including over 5,000 authentic Mardi Gras beads,” stated tourism manager Lauri Orzewicz.
The Mardi Gras Parade is inspired by Havre de Grace's tradition of French influence. “The City of Havre de Grace has long embraced French heritage and culture,” Mayor William T. Martin explained in a recent promotional video.
The rain date is March 3, 2017. Parking along St. John Street, Washington Street, and parts of Bourbon Street will be prohibited after 3:00 p.m. the day of the event. Those streets will also be closed to vehicular traffic prior to and during the event.
Parade Participants will include the following:
· HHS Jazz Band
· The Hogs and Heroes Foundation Chapter MD 2
· Volkswagen 1975
· HdG Drama Guild
· Vintage Cafe
· Backfin Blues Creole De Graw
· La Cle Dor Guesthouse/ Havre de Grace Historic Preservation Commission
· Society ofltalian-American Businessmen
· Havre de Grace Rec Cheerleading
· Visitor's Center
· Mayor & City Council
· Mitch Mitchell & the Lantern Queen
· CAT Club
· Kona Ice
· Tidewater Grille, Inc
· HdG Rec Basketball
· Harford County Democratic Central Committee
· Opera House Foundation
· MacGregor's Restaurant & Catering
· Silks Restaurant
· Advanced Eye Care
· Smash Hits
Andre Vltchek
When we first met in 2017, the Turkish poet, Mustafa Goren, stood proudly and defiantly next to a monstrous concrete wall built on orders from Ankara. The partition has just recently separated two towns with the same culture: Turkish Karkamis and Syrian Jarabulus.
The poet then read some of their verses, and my friend, a translator of my books, originally from the city of Adana, tried to keep pace, interpreting.
The poem began with quite an unusual opening, and it warned Europe and its people:
One day, true leaders of the world will come, and they'll cut off all the gas and petrol supplies to you, and you'll find yourself in even deeper shit than the one into which you are throwing this part of the world! You'll have to burn your designer clothes and shoes, just to stay warm. You forgot, but you will soon be reminded, Europe: we are all human beings!”
They were raising their right hand accusingly, shouting towards the sky. Somehow, they looked like the Soviet revolutionary poet Vladimir Mayakovski.
The poet was obviously indignant. It was 2017 then. Everything at the border was still raw, new, and terribly painful. Everything, good and bad, seemed to be possible: full-scale Turkish – Syria war, even a war between Turkey and Russia, or perhaps a Turkish exit from NATO and much closer alliance with Russia and Iran against the West.
Like so many patriots and thinkers in their country, Mustafa Goren strongly disliked the West. They were expressing their full-hearted support for their friends – the people and the state of Syria.
Stopping the Syrian war was all that mattered to him; it was their mission. They were sustaining themselves by selling cigarettes on the street of Carsi Mahallesi; a street that hugs the borderline and now the wall.
They did not care how they were making a living, as long as they had time to create, to write, to recite. They were full of determination, zeal and optimism.
*
Now, when I met them one year later, things definitely looked different. It was 2018, a different era, and totally different Karkamis.
The wall was still there, as well as the Turkish military operations behind it. The poet was still living and struggling in Karkamis, too, but their face looked defeated and tired. Now they were working in a small café. They were broke. Their eyes had lost all their previous shine:
“Turkey is now fighting against the European Union… in ,” they said. But somehow it did not sound convincing.
My comrades and I then drove one kilometer towards the Euphrates River; to the ancient cemetery with a commanding view of the border and the Syrian town of Jarabulus.
This has been the best place in the area to take a leak, to film the border and to observe Turkish military operations inside Syria.
This time, shrapnel was flying too close, and the explosions were loud.
Two veiled ladies who were visiting the cemetery, spotted us.
“What are you looking for in this godforsaken ,” one of them asked. They gave us a hostile, or perhaps desperate look:
“What do you think you will find here? We are tired of this fight. We are bored of this conflict. All we want to do is to leave this place; to go far, very far away…”
We heard more shells flying nearby, and more explosions.
The lady couldn't stop:
“Go away! Don't you understand: we don't want any foreigners here. Foreigners are the cause of this conflict!”
We tried to find our old contacts, including Mr. Bulent Polat, a Kemalist from the opposition Republican People's Party. But their shop on the main street was gone, hermetically sealed. Nearby, an armored vehicle was parked, unceremoniously.
Like almost everyone we spoke to in Karkamis, Mr. Polat was a strong opponent of the war. And they were especially against the Turkish involvement in it:
“I know what we are doing there, across the border! To mobilize people against Assad, the anti-government militants supported by Turkey and the West, have been dressing in official Syrian military uniforms, then shoot at the civilians, killing many. Then they say: ‘Assad did it!' It has been happening all over Syria.”
Now Mr. Polat was gone.
Mustafa Goren, the poet, ordered tea for all of us. Then they sat down at a simple table, holding their head between two palms, before beginning to speak:
“Nobody wants to stay here, at the border, anymore. In Karkamis, there is more Syrians than Turks, now. If Syrians leave, the whole place will turn to a ghost town.”
Then they begin mixing everything together:
“Turkey is not fighting against the PKK and the Kurdish terrorist groups here and in Syria – it is fighting against the European Union. This is our own, internal issue, and if we have to die in this fight, we will!”
Such discourse can be heard all over Turkey. It is difficult and for many foreigners, hard to follow, but it is how it is. Turkey is in a complex transition: from where is obvious, but to where, almost no one knows.
“Mustafa,” I asked them softly. Despite all this pain, desperation and confusion, they are my comrade, a fellow poet. “What about Russia?”
Their eyes softened up, as well as their entire facial expression:
“Russians never stabbed Turks in the back. During WWI, they helped us against the West, at Galipoli. They are honest people. We have to coordinate with the Russians…”
They nod towards the explosions.
For a while, we sit quietly, listening. Then we embrace. It is time to go.
*
Karkamis is getting de-populated. It is alarming but understandable. It is becoming truly dangerous to live here. Plus, there is almost no work left in this area.
The entire frontier region used to rely heavily on trade with Syria. There were strong friendships forged between the individuals and families on both sides of the border. People were visiting each other, and they were intermarrying. Goods and services were flowing between Turkey and Syria almost freely.
Now, there is a full stop. The border can only be crossed by armored vehicles, tanks, and ambulances. They are going back and forth, bringing soldiers, carrying the wounded and even corpses. No civilian can pass.
Further west, Elbeyli town is a bizarre hive of spies, a fortification. Everything here is monitored. It is because from here, the Turkish military forces are constantly invading Syrian territory. Here, no one dares to speak. To ask questions leads to immediate phone calls, arrests and interrogations.
Now, many villages around Elbeyli are half-empty. It is an eerie sight. The war has ruined entire communities.
What is thriving is the construction business. Not of the infrastructure, but of the military bases, spy antennas and above all, of the walls. An enormous, monstrous wall, which separates two countries – Turkey and Syria, in the past two inseparable sisters – is now scarring this ancient land. It is around 900 kilometers long, they say. How much money, how much concrete is being poured into it, and why?
Then the City of Killis.
We are shown destroyed walls of a house; a place “where rockets fell recently from the Syrian territory”. This is what the Turkish government uses as its justification for the invasion.
The local people have it all very clear. Several of them declare openly, but without revealing their names:
“If only the Turkish government and military would coordinate their operations with the legitimate government in Damascus!”
Things are tough in Killis. Like elsewhere along the border, businesses are closing down. An owner of a kebab stall couldn't find any job for more than a year and had to try their luck in far-away Jakarta; in Indonesia which is much poorer than Turkey. They came back, had some luck and has now turned into an ultra-nationalist:
“Now the world can see the power of Turks!” They declared, passionately, voicing their full support for the invasion.
But here, at the border, they are clearly in the minority.
At a barbershop, “Salon Hassan”, several people are gathered, just in order to discuss politics. The most common assessment of the situation is:
“The biggest mistake is that the Turkish military is not coordinating its operations with President Assad.”
We are told that “some 8.000 of the refugees living in the camps all over the region are now returning back to Syria.”
But Turkey is hosting more than 3.5 million Syrian migrants. The situation is extremely complex, as intercommunal violence between Turks and Syrians tripled in the second half of 2017.
Turkish president Erdoğan often declares that it is mainly because of their military forces operating across the border, that so many Syrian refugees now feel safe to return home. “Nonsense”, most Syrian people reply to such claims. “It is because of the Syrian army, President Assad, and their Russian and Iranian allies! Legitimate Syrian government is now winning the war. Only because of that, things are much safer for the Syrian people.”
“We love Russians here,” a local man professed, loudly. Some citizens of Killis also love Erdoğan, as well as President Assad of Syria. ‘Too much love?' Too many contradictory feelings? It is Turkey, after all. Here, nothing is ever simple.
But what is Russia here, to these people? In many parts of Turkey and all over the Middle East, more than a country, Russia became a symbol of defiance, proof that the West and its deadly designs can be confronted and stopped.
*
Things appear confusing, but in Turkey, they always are.
As we drive through this ancient, beautiful but wounded land, my Turkish friend and translator utters, in desperation:
“The ‘Elderdog' (increasingly common derogatory nickname for the present leader) is going to lose during the next elections. I bet they are going to…”
“But is the Turkish policy towards NATO and towards Syria going to change, dramatically?” I wonder.
For a while, there is silence in the car.
“I wish hope,” friend, my comrade says, finally.
They don't know. Of course, they don't. In Turkey, anything is possible.
“I hope Turkey comes to its senses. I love this country,” I say honestly. “I am really tired of hating it.”
“So am I,” they nod.
We are literally licking a huge concrete wall. Behind it is Syria, clearly visible, beautiful.
Actually, it is all very simple. People there are fighting against terror and against the Western Imperialism.
People here, in Turkey, are still at the wrong side of the barricade. But they are waking up; many of them already understand. They may soon join those who are fighting for the survival of humanity. They may. Hopefully they will.
First published by NEO – New Eastern Outlook
AT least ten children – an average of one per week – were the victims of alleged sexual offences committed on school grounds during the first term of 2017.
Charges, including aggravated indecent assault, indecent dealing with a child under 13 years and inciting a child to engage in sexual behaviour were brought in at least five of those cases.
The Sunday Times used freedom of information laws to obtain WA Police incident reports after three boys, aged 17, 12 and 10, were last year permitted to continue attending school despite being accused of raping fellow school children.
In each case, teachers and parents were left in the dark about the allegations.
In October, Education Minister Sue Ellery introduced new protocols mandating that police notify schools whenever a student is charged with, and in some cases accused of, a child sex offence.
The level of risk to other students is then assessed before a decision is made on whether to remove the accused from the classroom.
“I was shocked to find upon coming to Government that no formal protocols existed to deal with alleged student-against-student sexual offences – and I acted quickly to introduce them,” Ms Ellery said this week.
“While it is still an offence to share information about a child accused of sex offences with members of the public, it was agreed that stronger measures needed to be put in place to protect all students and restore community confidence that schools are safe.”
Education Department director general Sharyn O'Neill would not comment on why such protocols had not been put in place sooner.
“I can confirm no public school staff members were charged with sexual offences against a student at school in the period reported and that one student was temporarily removed in 2017,” they said.
The incident reports reveal there were 10 cases at WA schools categorised as “Sexual Offences; Child Abuse” in the 10-week school term between February 1 and April 7 last year.
Each of the reports relates to an alleged sexual offence against a child that occurred on a WA school campus, either private or public, on a weekday between 8.30am and 8.30pm.
Police would not reveal how many, if any, of the offences occurred outside of school hours.
It is also unclear whether the alleged offences were committed by school staff, parents, a trespassing adult or fellow school children.
In Perth, cases were dealt with at Clarkson, Kensington, Warwick, Wembley, Armadale, Midland and Ballajura police station sub-districts, as well as in Mandurah and Moora in the Wheatbelt.
March 31 Da An Gene Co., Ltd. of Sun Yat-sen University:
* Says its controlling investment unit and its wholly owned asset management unit plan to set up buyout fund with partners
* Says the fund to be used to invest in health industry
* Says the fund with a total scale of 1 billion yuan
* Says the controlling investment unit will invest 112 million yuan to acquire 11.2 percent stake in it and the wholly owned asset management unit to invest 8 million yuan to acquire 0.8 percent stake in it
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/lDgBj1
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
COURTNEY Love's former son-in-law alleges they tried to have them killed in order to get Kurt Cobain's guitar back, according to legal documents.
Isaiah Silva, who was married to Francis Bean Cobain, the only child of Love and the late Nirvana frontman, is suing a number of people, including Love.
They claim they conspired to murder them in a bid to recover a famous guitar once belonging to Cobain.
Camera Icon In happier times! Frances Bean Cobain and Isaiah Silva. Picture: Supplied, Splash News
In court documents lodged in Los Angeles, Silva alleges the group are guilty of burglary, robbery, sexual battery, kidnapping, attempted murder, criminal threats, false imprisonment, extortion, stalking, intentional infliction of emotional distress and trespass.
COBAIN'S EX GRANTED KURT'S GUITAR
It comes after a US entertainment website earlier this month revealed that as part of their divorce settlement with Bean Cobain, musician Silva got to keep the 1959 Martin guitar that Cobain played during Nirvana's MTV Unplugged performance in 1993.
Cobain killed themselves less than five months later.
Camera Icon Frances Bean Cobain and Courtney Love. Picture: Getty Images
Love is yet to file an answer to the complaint and has been contacted for comment.
The 329-document alleges that on the morning of June 3, 2016, Love's manager Sam Lutfi, actor Ross Butler and another man, Yan Yukhtman, “entered into a criminal conspiracy to commit trespass, burglary, home invasion robbery, assault, battery, kidnapping, and murder” to try and recover Cobain's guitar.
Silva alleges they were in the master bedroom of their home with a bandmate when they heard a disturbance downstairs before the property's alarm system was triggered.
Lutfi is said to have pounded on the locked bedroom door while Butler and Yukhtman repeatedly yelled, “police open up!” and “LAPD! (Los Angeles Police Department) Open the f***ing door!”.
Remember the incandescent light bulb ban from several years ago?
If you do, you might wonder why you can still buy the bulbs.
You might also wonder why they were banned in the first place.
That question has an easy answer:
They weren't.
It's true — incandescent light bulbs were never actually outlawed.
What really happened
In December 2007, President George W. Bush signed the Energy Independence and Security Act (EISA), a law that mandated about 25 percent greater efficiency for household light bulbs between 40 and 100 watts sold in the U.S. by 2014. (EISA also required a higher mileage standard for vehicles and some other energy-saving moves.)
The EISA effectively killed most — but not all — incandescent bulbs, because they couldn't be profitably made to meet the new standard. Exempted bulbs included specialty bulbs, three-way bulbs, chandelier bulbs, refrigerator bulbs, and plant grow lights.
Contrary to popular belief, the EISA did not mandate the use of compact fluorescent lamps (CFLs); that technology was just the first to replace the old bulbs.
Gary Miller, owner of Prescott's S&M Electric, said people still have some incandescent bulbs, but they are an endangered species.
“Most people still have those, but at some point, you won't be able to buy them, because manufacturers will not be producing them anymore,” they said.
That's because incandescent bulbs now on the market rely on halogen technology to meet the new standard, but those bulbs will be out of compliance in 2020, when an even stricter energy standard goes into effect.
It's been called EISA Phase II, and most experts agree that incandescent technology will not be able to meet it. Phase II also discontinues the exemptions for many of the bulbs previously allowed, including three‐way bulbs.
David Cobb, owner of Cobb-AZ Electric, said it is just as well, because customers “never” even ask about them anymore.
CFLs to the rescue?
The CFL was the first bulb to replace the old ones, and still is commonplace.
“I don't care for those at all,” Cobb said.
CFLs contain mercury — a toxic metal that can get into water supplies and poison people — so they must be recycled properly.
Many CFLs don't work on a dimmer, so they're not compatible with dimmable fixtures in homes.
If they're cold, they can take up to 30 seconds to warm up to full intensity.
They're not “bulb shaped,” which mean they may not fit into older lamps, either aesthetically or physically.
They also cost more, and, although the price has dropped, they're still not the $1 bulb of a decade ago.
Miller said a major complaint is that “they don't last as long as they're supposed to. Of course, that would depend on how much you use them, but even then, they're not lasting as long as they thought they would.”
And the worst CFL characteristic, for a lot of people: their light has a cooler “color temperature” than incandescent light. It appears bluer to the human eye than that of the bulbs they replaced.
LEDs may win the day
The third type of lighting technology has as its heritage the digital watches of the 1970s, with their glowing red displays.
Today's light-emitting diodes (LEDs) would seem to be the perfect replacement for the old light bulbs: they're very energy efficient and can be adjusted to nearly any color, cool or warm. No mercury. And they don't need to warm up.
They last a long time, too, Cobb said. “LEDs will outlive you.”
But LEDs are expensive. Even though they've dropped in price over the last few years, LEDs are about seven times more expensive than a comparable incandescent bulb – and two or three times costlier than CFLs.
Miller said, “They will last a lot longer (than CFLs or old-style bulbs) … they claim 40,000 hours. That's (for) the top-of-the-line."
Cobb said that, after they installed LEDs at Sacred Heart Church in Prescott, a job that included the parking lot lights, “they were able to save $60,000 a year on their electric bill.”
LEDs are even made to resemble actual bulb-shaped bulbs, or come in a pre-built recessed fixture that might be used in a bathroom.
“We're putting in two or three hundred of them a week,” Cobb said. “LED has caught up with everybody else and they're going to take over, if they haven't already.”
Editor's Note – The original version of this story contained some incorrect power usage numbers. The amount of electricity bulbs use, no matter the kind, is measured by watts divided by volts, equaling the number of amps it will draw. In the US, volts are 110; the watts of the bulb divided by volts shows how many amps – the amount of electricity it will use. For instance, old 60-watt bulbs (60/110) draw 0.54 amps. How efficient CFLs or LEDs are depends on the same formula. The packaging shows this as well.
ALDERSON, WV (WOAY)- A day of sweet surprises and everything you can think of with strawberries is coming back to Alderson for the 2018 Strawberry Festival.
On Saturday, May 26th join the community of Alderson from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. for a day full of strawberries and fun.
Everyone's favorite strawberry treats will be at the event and even a strawberry pie baking contest will take place.
The festival will be held at the Alderson Visitor Center Parking Lot.
Comments
BEIJING/TAIPEI China said on Wednesday it was reasonable to have a delegation from self-ruled Taiwan removed from a conference in Australia about conflict diamonds, as Taipei accused Beijing of playing politics for its own ends.
China says Taiwan is part of "one China", ruled by Beijing. It regards the island as a renegade province, ineligible for state to state relations and to be brought under Chinese control, by force if needed, especially if Taiwan moves towards formal independence.
Taiwan says China has stepped up efforts to block its international space and attendance at multilateral forums following the election last year of the independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party.
Australia's Sydney Morning Herald said the Chinese government delegation shouted over the welcome ceremony and forced the suspension of proceedings at the Kimberley Process meeting, and that Taiwan's delegation was later removed.
The Kimberley Process started when southern African diamond-producing states met in Kimberley, South Africa, in 2000 to discuss ways to stop the trade in conflict diamonds. Taiwan was granted observer status in 2007.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said the organisers had improperly invited Taiwan to the meeting, which was in violation of the rules and something China had repeatedly complained about ahead of the event.
"But China's reasonable concerns were not respected," Geng said, adding that many others at the meeting supported China's position though got no reaction from the organisers.
China's complaints about the issue during the meeting were in line with the rules and were "reasonable and fair" and supported by many other attendees, they said.
Taiwan denounced the Chinese interference.
"This kind of inappropriateness is a disregard for the host country and all the participants, seriously affecting cooperation on professional issues and we express regret and condemnation," its Foreign Ministry said in a statement late on Tuesday.
"China has for a long time used political force to limit our international participation or obstruct our attendance at various professional (meetings), particularly in recent times the pressure is stronger than in the past."
The ministry thanked Australia for its goodwill in inviting Taiwan.
Australia, like most countries, does not have formal diplomatic relations with Taiwan, though the two have good economic and business ties.
The conference chair withdrew the Taiwan invitation "following objections from China and several other delegations," a spokesperson for Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said.
"Continual disruption ... was regrettable and the Australian government's concerns with respect to the behaviour of Chinese delegates have been raised with the Chinese ambassador," they added.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard in BEIJING, J.R. Wu in TAIPEI and Byron Kaye in SYDNEY; Editing by Nick Macfie and Clarence Fernandez)
Foggy morning for Monday. Then, warm and breezy with isolated showers. Turning cooler tomorrow. Click and watch the forecast video for details.
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
By AFP - Feb 03,2018 - Last updated at Feb 03,2018
This photo taken on Saturday shows smoke billows from the site of a downed Sukhoi-25 fighter jet in the Syrian city of Saraqib, southwest of Aleppo (AFP photo)
BEIRUT — A Russian pilot was killed on Saturday in clashes with hardline rebels after they downed their warplane over Syria's northwest province of Idlib, a monitor said.
“The pilot was killed as they fought Islamist rebels who had shot down their plane and were taking them captive,” said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights chief Rami Abdel Rahman.
The Russian pilot was killed on the ground in Syria on Saturday after parachuting into rebel-held territory when their plane was downed, the Russian defence ministry said.
“A Russian Su-25 aircraft crashed during a flight over the Idlib de-escalation zone. The pilot had enough time to announce they had ejected into the zone, under the control of Al Nusra Front fighters,” the ministry said, quoted by Russian agencies.
“The pilot was killed in fighting against terrorists.”
It added that “according to preliminary reports, the plane was shot down by a portable anti-aircraft missile system”.
The Russian army claimed it had killed “more than 30 Al Nusra Front fighters” during a strike with “high-precision weapons” in the area where the plane was shot down.
Abdel Rahman could not immediately confirm which hardline factions were involved but said the Sukhoi 25 was downed in an area where the extremist Hayat Tahrir Al Sham (HTS), an extremist outfit dominated by Al Qaeda's former Syrian affiliate, is active.
“Rebel factions shot down a Sukhoi 25. The Russian pilot came down in a parachute, before being captured,” said Abdel Rahman.
No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack.
Syrian troops launched a fierce offensive on Idlib in late December, with backing by Russian warplanes.
“There have been dozens of Russian air strikes in the area over the past 24 hours. This plane was also carrying out raids there,” said Abdel Rahman.
Forces supporting president Bashar Assad's regime, backed by Russia, launched an offensive at the end of December to recapture the southeastern province of Idlib, the last enclave completely out of Damascus's control.
Opposition factions have shot Syrian regime planes in the past, but downing Russian warplanes is much rarer.
In August 2016, a Russian military helicopter was shot down over Syria and all five people on board were killed.
Moscow began conducting air strikes in Syria in September 2015.
Two months later, Turkey shot down a Russian warplane, leading to the worst crisis in ties between the two countries since the end of the Cold War.
It is New Zealand-born Stephen Mowbray's job to capture the very best in eventing, reining, polo, show jumping, dressage, carriage driving, cutting, campdraft and rodeo – in the past two weeks they covered world-qualifying show jumping at Boneo Park in Victoria as well as the Australian Bushmen's Campdraft and Rodeo Association (ABCRA) finals rodeo in Tamworth, New South Wales.
This week the Queensland Times caught up with the charismatic snapper to find out how a New Zealander, who was escorted out of the first rodeo they tried to photograph, made a name for themselves in the equine industry.
Mowbray's first taste of the rural lifestyle came from a stroke of good fortune.
“My sister and I lived in a children's home in New Zealand. We were very fortunate that a couple, who didn't have children at that time, came to the Anglican Social Services and said they had a sheep and cattle property and would like to take some children on a holiday so they could experience country life,” Mowbray said.
Colin and Pam Heslop's property Glen Hope was nestled deep within the South Island off the Lewis Pass.
‘It was just an amazing place,” Mowbray said.
Their preference of being an observer of equine events rather than a participant was cemented after they had a fright on a fast-paced horse.
“I was warming up a barrel horse and I went around the first barrel, the second barrel, then after the third the horse decided to come home quite a lot quicker than I wanted it to,” they said.
In 2013, Mowbray and their wife Vicki were left some inheritance money and, with Vicki's encouragement, Stephen bought themselves the equipment they needed to become a sports photographer.
These days, Mowbray can work 38 weekends out of a year as an official event photographer.
They have earned a reputation for quality work, and is deeply passionate about their industry.
“I take a hell of a lot of pride and care on how I present my work, for my reputation, but also for the riders,” they said.
Mowbray has also caddied on the Ladies European and Australasian Tours, and was on the bag for the first tournament win of fellow New Zealander, Lydia Ko.
Original article by The Queensland Times, February 7, 2017.
Photo by Stephen Mowbray.
LEWES, England Gathered in a town hall in the southern English town of Lewes, teams of competitors battle it out by throwing brass coins towards a lead tabletop for a somewhat unusual British pub game -- Toad in the Hole.
From a distance similar to darts of nearly 8 feet (2.44 m)they aim to get the coins, known as "toads", into a small hole, scoring two points if they succeed and one if it lands on the tabletop.
According to competitor Ben Ward, the game is said to have originated in France but was embraced by British pub-goers mainly in the southern county of Sussex.
"We know that it's been played in Sussex for a couple of hundred years. Some of the tables are very, very old," they said at the Toad in the Hole World Championships held in Lewes on Wednesday.
"It's minutes to learn and years to master.... It's quite easy to score...a certain number of points but to get them all in the hole regularly is a difficult thing to do."
More than 40 teams took part in a recent contest. Competitor Gregor Beedie said the key to success was releasing the toad flat from the hand, making sure it does not wobble in mid-air.
"It's all about the way you release the toad out of your hand -- a lot like darts, more skilful than golf obviously and football," they said.
In the end, team Rodmell Toads Club retained their title.
(Writing by George Sargent)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Business Impact
Q&A with Tim Cook 02:24
The Apple CEO tells us what they think about Silicon Valley's gender problems and President Trump's policies on the environment and immigration.
This video appeared in the story
A terminal block is defined as an electric connector in which the wires are clamped down to the metal part by a screw. It allows more than one circuit to connect to another and often contains two long aluminum or copper strips designed to link different components. These strips create a bus bar for power distribution which is sent to the connected components. Terminal blocks are modular, insulated blocks which unite two or more wires and are usually made of an insulating body and a clamping device to complete the connection. They include a broad range of fixed-mount and pluggable European cage clamps, U.S.-style screw clamps, spring clamp-style wire-to-board and wire-to-wire blocks, and related headers.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/terminal-block-market.html
The global terminal block market can be segmented on the basis of type, application, and geography. In terms of type, the market is divided into the following categories: barriers, sectional, printed circuit board (PCB), and power. The barriers segment is further split into the single row and double row divisions, the sectional segment into Nema (American style) and IEC (European style) divisions, and the PCB segment into fixed and pluggable divisions. Applications of terminal blocks include business equipment, HVAC, power supplies, industry controls, instruments, telecom equipment, and transportation.
This market is driven by factors such as the increasing demand for multipurpose, multifunctional, intelligent, finger-safe terminal blocks; the ever-expanding PCB market; advancements in various connection technologies; and the product's growing adoption in the telecom sector. Industry controls and HVAC are estimated to contribute a major market share during the forecast period. Developments in termination technologies of terminal blocks intended for usage in more rugged applications such as instrumentation, industry controls, and data acquisition spur their growth.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21506
Rapid urbanization, rising disposable incomes, strict energy regulations, financial incentives through tax credit programs for energy-efficient HVAC systems, and technological innovations also play a part in motivating the HVAC industry which eventually fuels the demand for terminal blocks in this industry.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
February 15, 2017
by Jordan Press, The Canadian Press
OTTAWA—The Liberal government won't be able to spend hundreds of millions in infrastructure money this year, instead moving the planned spending to next year.
Spending documents released Feb. 14 show that $828 million that was budgeted to be spent this year on the Liberals' new infrastructure plan will be moved over to the coming fiscal year that begins April 1.
That amount represents about one quarter of the $3.27 billion budgeted to be spent on new and existing infrastructure programs in the 2016-2017 fiscal year.
The figure doesn't include $282 million that Public Services and Procurement Canada and Fisheries and Oceans had planned to spend on federal infrastructure projects in this fiscal year. Nor does it include $24.4 million being carried over from a national program to upgrade community and cultural centres as part of Canada 150 celebrations.
It's not unheard of to have federal infrastructure money “reprofiled” from one fiscal year to the next: Spending analyses have shown that about one-quarter of infrastructure funds don't get spent in the year for which they are budgeted.
The reason is that federal dollars only flow once project proponents submit receipts for reimbursement, often leaving a lag between when work takes place and when infrastructure money is actually spent. In some cases, the federal government won't receive receipts until the end of a project.
And projects themselves can be delayed for any number of reasons, such as bad weather or a labour disruption, that are beyond the control of the federal government.
The money, however, doesn't disappear.
“Money committed to specific projects continues to be available for those projects and is reprofiled as needed to reflect the updated needs of our partners and their timelines,” said Brook Simpson, a spokesperson for Infrastructure Minister Amarjeet Sohi.
“We will continue to work with all of our partners to deliver on our infrastructure commitments.”
The government's economic agenda is tied to spurring construction projects that can create enough growth to help bring the budget back to balance, which Finance Canada doesn't expect to happen for decades under current spending plans.
The government is quick to say that a lack of federal spending doesn't necessarily mean that cities and provinces aren't spending money on construction projects that can yield the needed economic benefit.
The latest figures tabled in Parliament add to concerns raised earlier this month by the parliamentary budget office that departments are well behind on allocating infrastructure spending, putting economic growth projections at risk.
The Liberals' first budget predicted that the infrastructure money would boost the economy by 0.6 per cent over two years.
Last week, in an appearance before the Senate's national finance committee, budget officer Jean-Denis Frechette said the actual impact could now be lowed, given the slow pace of fund allocation. Frechette's office now predicts a reduction in employment equal to 7,400 full-time jobs.
The attacker fired at random in the packed Reina night club, just one hour into the new year. Some people were seen jumping into the Bosphorus to get away. There were an estimated 700 people inside when the attack took place. The night club is a popular venue among foreigners.
Officials were speaking of a single attacker, possibly a lone wolf linked to IS, but other reports were citing various gunmen. The attacker(s) managed to flee the scene. A manhunt was underway immediately after the tragedy.
Didier Reynders confirmed on Twitter that "we fear that a Belgian died in the Istanbul attack. My thoughts are with their friends and family."
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Stormy Daniels' lawyer Michael Avenatti released emails Tuesday which they claim reveal that the Wall Street journal knew of Michael Cohen's $130,000 hush money payment during the 2016 campaign, but chose not to publish the story, according to a Tuesday Business Insider report.
A Wall Street Journal spokesperson denied the claims. “The claim we held any reporting regarding Stormy Daniels is false and outrageous,” spokesperson Steve Severinghaus told Business Insider. “In fact, the Journal broke the news of the $130k payout to her, arranged by Michael Cohen.”
The emails reveal correspondence between Wall Street Journal reporter Joe Palazzolo and Daniels' lawyer at the time, Keith Davidson, who oversaw the agreement with Cohen.
The exchange occurred less than a month after the hush money payment, and resulted in an almost immediate Wall Street Journal story about Karen McDougal, a former Playboy bunny who claims to have had an affair with President Donald Trump.
The Journal's breaking news story about Daniels was not published until January 2018.
Avenatti's email release seems to be in retaliation for a recent Wall Street Journal story that painted them as a hindrance to federal prosecutors trying to obtain information about Cohen's hush money payment to Daniels.
Read the email exchange here.
A logo is seen in front of the entrance at the headquarters French drugmaker Sanofi in Paris October 30, 2014. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann/File Photo
WASHINGTON Sanofi SA (SASY.PA)'s Sanofi-Pasteur unit has agreed to pay $19.8 million (15.88 million pounds) to resolve claims that it overcharged the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs for medications between 2002 and 2011, U.S. Justice officials said on Monday.
Sanofi-Pasteur, the company's vaccine division, had told the Veterans Affairs (VA) Department in 2012 that it had made an accounting error in overcharging for certain drugs, the Justice Department said in a statement.
In an emailed statement, a Sanofi spokesperson said the company "cooperated fully and negotiated in good faith with the government."
(Reporting by Joel Schectman and Susan Heavey; Editing by James Dalgleish)
A glamorous 23-year-old model and girlfriend of an English football player cheered for them at a stadium during England's first knockout game of the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Despite appearing absent during the initial stages of the FIFA World Cup in Russia, Ruby Mae, the girlfriend of Team England midfielder Delle Alli showed up at Spartak Stadium in Moscow to cheer for their boyfriend and their teammates as they clashed with Colombia in a round of 16 match, The Daily Mail reports.
Mrs Alli and Vardy are in the building
Ruby Mae, Dele Alli's girlfriend, is at the Spartak Stadium along with Rebekah Vardy. pic.twitter.com/hZ7CUT8oao — Lilian Chan (@bestgug) 3 июля 2018 г.
​According to the newspaper, Mae showed their support by wearing the team's jersey, and "put on an animated display as they watched the game from the stands."
The round of 16 match between England and Colombia was held in Moscow on July 3 and culminated in a dramatic penalty shootout, which paved the way for the Three Lions to secure a spot in the quarterfinals.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — The German government is condemning the white nationalist rally in Virginia that turned violent Saturday, expressing solidarity with peaceful counter-protesters.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesperson Steffen Seibert told reporters Monday that it was an “absolutely repulsive scene at this extreme-right march.”
They said “there was outrageous racism, anti-Semitism and hate in its most despicable form to be seen, and whenever it comes to such speech or such images it is repugnant.”
They added that it's “completely contrary to what the chancellor and the German government works for politically, and we are in solidarity with those who stand peacefully against such aggressive extreme-right opinions.”
Seibert says Merkel also regrets the death of a counter-protester and sent their sympathies to those injured.
Accused woman who tried to help their ex-son-in-law with a contract at NIB remanded to prison after the FNM Contractor told police they bribed them for money!
Nassau, Bahamas – Police this afternoon have charged a former NIB employee after their ex-son-in-law brought allegations of bribery against them
BP understands the hardcore FNM Contractor told detectives that they had to pay their ex-wife's mother, who was an employee at NIB, $5,000 out of a contract they allegedly wielded theirs way.
Now get this, the FNM Contractor agreed to report the matter to the police after their party began the witch-hunt exercise on PLPS. Their ex-wife's mother is a hardcore PLP and what better way than this to shame the family!
The ex-wife and the FNM contractor broke up after a failed marriage; marred by serious infidelity and naked shaming and broken bones.
In one near fatal incident the FNM Contractor took the wife far in the back of the bushes and beat their black and blue leaving them in the intensive care unit.
One looking on this afternoon outside the court said, “…Boy look where the FNM gone eh? They're breaking up families and rehashing old disputes in a nasty national witch-hunt. Turning community against community, husband against wife and workers against businessowners. Boy, I don't want to see how this ga end cause this isn't ga end good.”
The accused ex-Mother-in-law has lost their job at NIB and now was paraded for all onlookers outside to scorn. WHAT A TIME IN THIS COUNTRY!
We report yinner decide!
SAN BERNARDINO >> Students returning to class Monday at North Park Elementary School, a week after a shooting left a teacher and a student dead, and another injured, was “our first step toward healing,” according to school district officials.
“There's a small fraternity of partners no one wants to be a part of, at Columbine, Sandy Hook and Virginia Tech,” said Dale Marsden, superintendent of the San Bernardino City Unified School District at a news conference Monday afternoon at district headquarters, 777 North F St.
Representatives of those schools, each of which saw students and staff impacted by their own shootings, have reached out to the San Bernardino district with advice, they said.
Marsden and other officials at the press conference wore red — one of North Park's school colors — in solidarity with the campus and its students. Students and staff at schools around San Bernardino County were doing the same Monday.
North Park is back in session after being closed for a week. On April 10, Cedric Anderson, 53, of Riverside, entered the special education classroom of their estranged wife, teacher Karen Smith, and opened fire, killing them and 8-year-old student Jonathan Martinez and wounding Nolan Brady, 9.
“We're doing our best to make sure our campuses are safe,” school police Chief Joe Paolino said at the news conference.
Virginia Tech, where a student killed 32 people and wounded 17 people a decade ago on Sunday, has advised a “thoughtful response” when it comes to developing new safety procedures and guidelines.
“It's a marathon, not a sprint,” Marsden said.
While the district announced some new security measures at North Park, not all security improvements will be made public. More upgrades will be coming, through collaboration and development with other organizations, Marsden said.
“Restoration and healing will take some time.”
To help with that healing, 10 extra teachers, along with counselors, will be at North Park this week.
“We will work together to provide normalcy,” Marsden said.
The outpouring of love and support, from Southern California, and around the world has been appreciated, according to school board president Margaret Hill.
“We commend and appreciate you,” they said.
But the community that did not break after the 2015 terrorist attack that killed 14 and injured 22 will not be broken by this, either, they said.
Advertisement
“We are San Bernardino strong,” Hill said. “We will continue to be San Bernardino strong.”
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Rex Tillerson has pledged to maintain US support for Kosovo to "succeed."
"The United States remains committed to helping Kosovo succeed, and we will continue to work with its leaders and people in the pursuit of peace and prosperity," Tillerson said in the statement on Tuesday.
Kosovo will celebrate its ninth anniversary of its independence on February 17, the statement noted.
"The United States values its strong friendship with Kosovo based on mutual aspirations for stability, peace and prosperity for all of our citizens. We applaud the progress the people of Kosovo have made in developing democratic, multiethnic institutions," Tillerson added.
The statement came amid renewed tensions between Serbia and Kosovo, which unilaterally declared independence in 2008.
Kosovo was an autonomous province in Serbia, the latter being one of the six republics constituting Yugoslavia.
Serbia has vowed not to recognize Kosovo as an independent state.
Move over, Austen Kroll — your ex-girlfriend Chelsea Meissner appears to have found their “stallion,” and he's a cute new sailor!
On Tuesday, the Southern Charm star posted a smiley photo with 32-year-old Volvo Ocean racer Nick Dana as the two hung in The Hague, Netherlands.
“To a wild year on tour with the @volvooceanrace family,” they wrote in the photo's caption — praising Vestas 11th Hour Racing, the yacht competing in the race. “So proud of @vestas11thhourracing and feel fortunate to have had a taste of “life at the extreme.' ”
Chelsea Meissner and Nick Dana
A rep for Bravo did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but Meissner, 33, appeared to confirm their pairing in the comments section during a conversation with Southern Charm costar Cameran Eubanks.
“So happy you found your STALLION!” Eubanks wrote, adding a heart emoji.
“Sometimes life just gives you the lemonade,” Meissner wrote back, with a smile emoji.
Chelsea Meissner /Instagram
RELATED VIDEO: Cameran Eubanks Reveals They Gained Almost 40 Pounds While Pregnant
Meissner, who previously was a finalist on Survivor‘s season 24, split from Kroll between Southern Charm's fourth and fifth season.
They and Dana were photographed together on May 12 according to Newport Seen, as they attended Sail Newport's annual spring fundraiser and party at Volvo Ocean Race Village in Fort Adams State Park, Rhode Island.
According to their Volvo Ocean Race profile, Dana's a Rhode Island native who grew up “tinkering with boats at their family's shipyard.” He's been “racing professionally for nearly all of their adult life,” and has raced in two Volvo Ocean Races previously (and worked onshore and offshore for two others).
Southern Charm airs Thursdays (9 p.m. ET) on Bravo.
DIYARBAKIR, Turkey Turkish F-16 warplanes launched air strikes on Kurdish militants in southeast Turkey on Wednesday, killing eight of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) fighters, a provincial governor's office said.
PKK militants had opened fire on Turkish soldiers at a military outpost near the Iraqi border in the mountainous Cukurca area, triggering a clash between the two sides, the Hakkari governor's office said in a statement.
It said the Turkish military had sent a drone to the area which located the militants, before the F-16 jets carried out their strikes. One Turkish soldier was wounded in the clash and taken to hospital for treatment.
More than 40,000 people have been killed in the PKK's insurgency, launched against the Turkish state in 1984. Turkey, the United States and European Union have designated the PKK a terrorist group.
Since the collapse of a two-year ceasefire in July 2015 the mainly Kurdish southeast has suffered some of the worst violence since the conflict began.
(Writing by Daren Butler; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Enter to RSVP to join Deborah Howell at the all-new Hollywood Park Casino for an evening of great R&B music by DW3 on Tuesday, August 22nd! Doors open at 6:30pm inside Turf Club. Cover charge is $15 or you can enter here to reserve your tickets now!
We have a limited number of spaces available, The WAVE promotions department will contact you to confirm your reservation. Must be 21 and over.
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers Tuesday found a family trapped in a small convertible compartment at the Otay Mesa Port of Entry.
Scroll for more content...
While inspecting the vehicle around 1:40 a.m. Tuesday, officers found two people hidden inside a convertible compartment.
Officers tried to open the compartment, but say the vehicle's electronic opener was disabled. Authorities then tried to remove the hinges, but were unable to due to safety concerns for the family inside.
Eventually, officers called the San Diego Fire and Rescue Department. Crews were able to bring the 10-year-old girl and their 30-year-old mother to safety.
"This smuggling attempt could have had a tragic end and I am pleased with the swift response of the officers at the port that recognized the dangers and called San Diego Fire and Rescue to aide in freeing the trapped family," said Rosa Hernandez, port director of the Otay Mesa port of entry.
The driver of the vehicle, a 27-year-old U.S. citizen was arrested and booked into an area correctional center.
The mother and daughter, who CBP says are both citizens of Mexico, have been placed on an immigration hold and will be removed from the U.S.
President Donald Trump's personal attorney Michael Cohen said in an interview published Monday that they have never even spoken to adult film actor Stephanie Clifford, known professionally as Stormy Daniels, let alone threatened them
“I have never spoken to her,” they told Vanity Fair on Friday, after Clifford's lawyer claimed that they were threatened to stay silent about allegations that they had an affair with Trump years ago. “I have never e-mailed them I have never met them I have never texted her.”
“Every interaction with Ms. Clifford was always through their previous attorney,” Cohen added.
Asked if they knew whether anybody else connected to Trump had threatened Clifford, Cohen said, “I can only speak for myself,” and added, “I reiterate: I have never threatened them in any way and I am unaware of anyone else doing so.”
Clifford's lawyer Michael Avenatti issued a cryptic response.
Mr. Cohen should ensure they make REFUNDABLE reservations for that extended vacation they are planning on my client's dime…..https://t.co/n9llqgZC1P — Michael Avenatti (@MichaelAvenatti) March 19, 2018
Avenatti on Friday told TPM's “Josh Marshall Podcast” of Clifford: “I think she's very concerned about their physical safety right now, and I think they have very — or a lot of reasons to be concerned. I likewise am slightly concerned about my physical safety.”
Avenatti said that they and Clifford have received “a series of death threats” and both fear for their physical safety. They told MSNBC and CNN the same day that Clifford was “physically threatened” — though they did not specify by whom — to stay quiet about their alleged affair with Trump.
Clifford has sued Trump and argued that, because they didn't sign a non-disclosure agreement covering the alleged affair, they have the right to tell their story. Trump, in response, had their own attorneys join a lawsuit to prevent Clifford from speaking, and filed to move the lawsuit to federal court.
In every one of their interviews, Avenatti has promoted a CBS' “60 Minutes” interview with Clifford scheduled to air Sunday.
Cohen has acknowledged paying Clifford $130,000 in October 2016 to stay quiet about the alleged affair, which they claim never happened, but on Friday denied reports that they have sought to prevent the CBS interview from airing through legal action. If the interview were to air, they told Vanity Fair, “It's just another breach by Ms. Clifford and will only further increase the damages I will be seeking pursuant to the agreement.”
(AP) – AOL announced Friday that it is discontinuing its pioneering Instant Messenger chat platform after 20 years of service.
An article on AOL's website posted Friday says AOL Instant Messenger will be discontinued on Dec. 15. In a blog post , a spokesperson for AOL's parent company explained the platform's demise as the casualty of the evolving way people communicate.
advertisement
“AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed,” wrote Michael Albers, vice president of communications at Oath.
The program will still function until Dec. 15 After that date, users won't be able to sign in and all data will be deleted. AOL says people with an aim.com email address will still be able to use it.
Launched in 1997, AOL Instant Messenger was at the forefront of what was called at the time the biggest trend in online communication since email.
The platform, which provided instant access to friends and contacts on a user's “buddy list,” was wildly popular for the first few years after its launch. It claimed more than 100 million registered users in 2001.
AOL was fiercely protective of its dominance in the instant messaging market. It fended off rivals, including Microsoft, by blocking their messaging platforms from communicating with AOL users. Its actions prompted a coalition of rivals to complain to the federal government ahead of AOL's ill-fated merger with Time Warner that was completed in 2001.
Its popularity as a communication tool waned amid the rise of text messaging, Google Chat and social networking sites.
Despite the decline in usage, the announcement Friday made the platform a trending topic online and revealed an outpouring of nostalgia. Some users posted images of the AIM's famous “running man” logo outfitted with wings and a halo. Others reminisced.
In their post, Albers noted the strong affinity many feel for the messaging platform and its place in the evolution of communication.
“In the late 1990s, the world had never seen anything like it,” they wrote.
WHILE Ben Duckett was tipping beer over James Anderson's head, Australia was dealing with in-team controversies of its own.
The victim – Mitchell Marsh.
The recently recalled all-rounder has long pined a spot in Australia's fast-bowling cartel both on the field and on WhatsApp, where the quicks share a group thread with bowling coach David Saker.
Back in the Test fold after nine months away, Marsh's wish finally came true but not without a scare.
“I am renowned as the glue of the fast bowling cartel,” Marsh said with a wry smile on Tuesday. “I got added to the WhatsApp group, said my welcomes and got reged (kicked out) straight away so they put me back in my place but the cartel are happy to have me back.
“I'm back in now, got back in, just a little bit of sucking up and got invited to dinner last night, so it's a huge honour.
“I was the first one downstairs.”
GEEVES: When getting on the p*** and cricket (always) collide
GRADE CRICKETER: ‘The clinical manifestation of self-sabotage'
SLAT'S BRUTAL SLAP: ‘He's gone in the head'
‘IDIOTS': The acts of disrespect bringing down Root
Nathan Lyon was not so lucky.
“Gazza seems to think he's in there. Apparently they had something wrong with the speedo last game and they bowled a ball at 140ks an hour, so apparently he's there now. But it's just the fast bowlers and Sakes.
Despite only returning to bowling duty last month, the 26-year-old is confident they have the pace to justify their selection in the cartel.
“I'm feeling real good at the moment,” they said. “Rhythm wise the ball's coming out real well.
“Pace wise I feel like I'm back to where I was 18 months ago. Hopefully that will show if I get an opportunity in this game.”
There is a good possibility that the new government in Victoria will revive land use planning and perhaps support the creation of new provincial parks. It was in 2001 that the Okanagan Shuswap Land and Resource Management Plan was approved and implemented.
Over 25,000 hectares of parks were established in the Shuswap, including the Upper Seymour rainforest and Anstey Arm/Hunakwa Lake Park. In addition, the plan enabled the protection of over 95,000 hectares of old-growth management areas (OGMAs) and provided specific management direction to protect many non-timber values, including wildlife, water quality and quantity, recreation and view-sheds.
A monitoring committee was established upon the completion of the LRMP that met twice a year until 2009, when the previous provincial government ended the process. The land-use plan was always intended to be in place for just 10 years, at which time it was to be reviewed and updated. Over the same time period, forest management in the province changed drastically in favour of “professional reliance,” allowing forest companies to do their own planning with minimal government oversight or public involvement. The new NDP government has now launched a review and may also revise the system to improve oversight.
If there becomes an opportunity to create new provincial parks, there are a number of potential candidate areas that deserve to be protected. Black Point and Turtle Bay in Mara Lake have unique features, including old growth trees, pictographs and wetland habitat. The peninsula is crown land that both the regional district and the Swansea Point community deem important for its conservation values. When the rail trail is completed, a connecting nature trail could be developed into Black Point.
Most of the Corning (Lee) Creek watershed is already protected in riparian zones and OGMAs, so making it a park would not impact forestry operations. There are many natural values here that deserve protection through park status, including at least one waterfall, old growth cedar and hemlock trees in the canyon and Douglas fir on the hillsides. There are hiking routes on the bluffs with exquisite views of the lakes and Squilax Mountain. Amazingly, much of the canyon is virtually unexplored wilderness where trails could be developed.
Two types of parks were created in the last plan. Goal 1 parks are large areas with high conservation values and the Goal 2 parks are small and protect special features. One of the Goal 2 protected areas, the Upper Perry River, was never designated a park. Another Goal 2 area, English Lake, was not completely designated. If a new planning process begins, both these areas should be fully protected and, if possible, enlarged to include more old-growth forests. As well, trails could be developed that provide access to the alpine.
In the past planning process, the major objective was to protect representative samples of each of the many types of ecosystems in the province. That is why it was so crucial to protect the remaining hectares of rare antique rainforest left in the Upper Seymour. Under a new process one of the goals should be to protect important wildlife areas at threat from motorized recreation, as the damage occurring from irresponsible dirt bike and ATV riders is approaching a crisis level.
One key candidate for park creation would be a portion of the area proposed for an off-road ban in the Tsuius, Joss and Mabel Mountain area, where grizzly bears are at threat from all kinds of backcountry use. A park here could also protect the heritage Secwepemc trail that connects the upper Shuswap River with the upper Eagle River drainage. Nearby in the headwaters of the Shuswap River, the Greenbush Lake Provincial Park should be expanded to include the entire lake and connect to the Joss Mountain pass.
Another alpine area that should be considered for park status is the Anstey ridge that runs between Queest and Ratchford Creek. That is where a hut-to-hut trail system was proposed a few years ago.
Renewed land-use planning would indeed help restore the province's reputation as a leader in supporting conservation and flight attendantship of natural resources. As well, increased protection of wild spaces will help improve our resilience, which would help us better adapt to the uncertainties and impacts from climate change.
Don Peterson, right, floats in the cargo bay of the space shuttle Challenger. Picture: Handout from NASA
Donald H. Peterson Sr., an astronaut who served on the maiden voyage of the space shuttle Challenger and performed a spacewalk to test the ability of repairing the vehicle while it orbited more than 170 miles above the Earth, died May 27 at their home in El Lago, Texas. They were 84.
The cause was Alzheimer's disease and bone cancer, said a daughter, Shari Peterson.
An Air Force veteran, Peterson joined NASA's astronaut corps in September 1969, two months after Neil Armstrong led the historic first landing on the moon. Fourteen years later, Peterson joined the crew of the sixth NASA space shuttle mission - and the Challenger's first flight. (The shuttle exploded in 1986 while on its 10th mission.)
Soviet and American astronauts had conducted spacewalks since 1965, but the ability to exit the shuttle was an important step toward being able to perform repair and maintenance work on a space vehicle.
Peterson and fellow mission specialist Story Musgrave dressed in 250-pound white spacesuits with attached backpacks that allowed for greater mobility.
Before exiting the Challenger, Peterson had to breathe pure oxygen for three-and-a-half hours, to gradually reduce excess nitrogen from their body. This was done to avoid decompression sickness, a condition similar to what scuba divers experience when changing air pressures too rapidly.
The fresh oxygen made a "nice whishing sound," so Peterson turned their receiver down and fell into "probably the best sleep I had on orbit," they recalled in a NASA oral-history interview in 2002. "People asked, 'How in the world can you sleep just before you're getting ready to go?' I said, 'Well, you know, you get tired enough, you can sleep almost anywhere.' "
By 4:30 p.m., Peterson and Musgrave were in the 60-foot cargo bay, checking maintenance materials that future crews would need to preserve and, if necessary, repair the spacecraft. For about four hours, they appeared to move "like underwater swimmers" as the shuttle orbited the Earth at 17,500 mph, The Washington Post reported at the time.
Donald H. Peterson, right, aboard the space shuttle Challenger with fellow astronaut Paul J. Weitz. Picture: Handout from NASA
The men were roped to the shuttle's cargo bay while they tested their ability to carry a weighted bag, use a hand winch and perform other tasks.
After launching a satellite, the crew decided they should test what would happen if the electronic motors powering the ability to tilt the collar at the back of the Orbiter stopped working.
"We had foot restraints, but it took so long to set them up and move them around, that we didn't want to do that," Peterson said in the NASA interview. "So I just held on with one hand, actually, to a piece of sheet metal, which is not the best way to hold on, and cranked the wrench with my other hand, and my legs floated out behind me. So as I cranked, my legs were flailing back and forth, like a swimmer, to react the load on the wrench."
During this test, their suit started to leak. "I've got an alarm," Peterson told Musgrave.
"Story stopped what they were doing and came over," Peterson recalled. "We were trying to check what was going on, and the seal popped back in place and the leak stopped." They then finished the procedure.
Donald Herod Peterson was born in Winona, Mississippi, on Oct. 22, 1933. Their father ran a service station and sold furniture. Peterson's avid consumption of science fiction in their childhood drove their interest in aviation and space.
Peterson graduated in 1955 from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York, and in 1962 they received a master's degree in nuclear engineering from the Air Force Institute of Technology at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio.
Early in their military career, they worked for the Air Training Command as a flight instructor and for the Air Force Systems Command as a nuclear systems analyst.
They served 24 years in the Air Force before retiring at the rank of colonel. After leaving NASA in 1984, they became a consultant on manned aerospace operations. Their awards included the Meritorious Service Medal and the Air Force Commendation Medal.
Their wife of nearly 60 years, the former Bonnie Ruth Love, died in 2017. In addition to their daughter, of League City, Texas, survivors include two other children, Don Peterson Jr. of Fort Worth, Texas, and Jean Stone of San Antonio, Texas; a brother; four grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren.
THERE may have been a chance of rain but that's not deterring thousands of South Australians as they gather to commemorate the Anzacs at dawn services across the state.
Rain isn't expected to dampen the services or the city parade starting at 9.30am, but the Bureau of Meterorology warns there is a very slight chance of a shower during the day.
Adelaide can expect a partly cloudy Anzac Day with a high of 22C. Meanwhile, the sun will rise at 6.47am.
We'll be covering Adelaide dawn service, before switching our coverage to the Anzac Day parade which begins on North Terrace at 9.30am.
The parade will be streamed live here on The Pulse.
How are you commemorating Anzac Day? You can send us photos at: tiser@theadvertiser.com.au.
The FBI Agents Association decried what it called the distraction of congressional “partisan politics” after a House GOP memo alleging anti-Trump bias at the bureau was released Friday afternoon.
“The American people should know that they continue to be well-served by the world's preeminent law enforcement agency,” FBIAA president Tom O'Connor said in a statement. “FBI Special Agents have not, and will not, allow partisan politics to distract us from our solemn commitment to our mission.”
Despite strenuous objections from the Justice Department and FBI, the White House ordered that the declassified memo, which was put together by staff for House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA), be released with no redactions.
It alleges that the DOJ and several top FBI officials failed to disclose that a dossier of damaging information about the Trump campaign's ties to Russia served as part of the basis for a surveillance warrant against a former adviser to the campaign.
FBI leadership and rank-and-file have insisted that the four-page document is inaccurate and misleading, pitting the Trump White House squarely against their own intelligence community.
Read the full FBIAA statement below.
More than 260 grammes of cannabis were seized and a 41-year-old man was arrested in connection with the possession of illegal drugs on Tuesday afternoon in Limassol.
When members of the drug squad searched the car of a Limassol resident, at around 2.35pm, they found 250 grammes of cannabis and € 1,428 in cash.
They then conducted a search at their house where they discovered a further 12 grammes of cannabis, an electronic scale and € 1,500.
The suspect was detained pending further investigations.
YUBA CITY, Calif. — The nearly 200,000 people evacuated after erosion was discovered Sunday at the Oroville Dam's emergency spillway are allowed to return home Tuesday afternoon.
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea said the mandatory evacuation order for the area has been reduced to an evacuation warning. Honea residents should still be prepared to leave if conditions make a dramatic turn for the worse.
Bill Croyle, acting director of the Department of Water Resources, said the rain expected later in the week wouldn't be a concern, as the storm's inflows wouldn't exceed Lake Oroville's outflows.
DWR is shoring up the emergency spillway with boulders and concrete.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Seventeen -year-old final year student of the Swedru Business College, William Amponsah won the maiden edition of the Asante Akyem Marathon held yesterday.
The 20km marathon which drew over 300 participants from across the country, started from Akutuasi in the Asante Akyem District, through the Agogo township and ended at the Collins Senior High School Park.
Amponsah who finished first in the maiden edition clocked 1:12:14, Matthew Vikuba Nantiere, a fire officer based in Kumasi followed in second position with Malik Yakubu placing third.
Precious Nyaba a second year student of Buokrom M/A JHS came first in the women's category. They were followed by Charlotte Fordjour and Fatima Samuah in second and third positions respectively.
Speaking to the Times Sports, Kwadwo Baah Agyemang, former Member of Parliament for the area and organiser of the event said “the Asante Akyem Marathon will be an annual event; it will be our own way of contributing to unearth sports talents for the future”.
Winner of the Marathon also told the Times Sports of their desire to improve on their time.
William Amponsah as part of their prize for winning the Marathon will be fully sponsored by the Africa Origin Travel and Sports Tourism to the United Kingdom to witness the IAAF world championship.
The first and second runners-up will also take home 32-inch LED Television and Home Theatre from Samsung respectively.
Precious Nyaba will win an all expenses paid five-day trip to Dubai and told the Times Sports that they hope to be a professional athlete.
First and second runners-up also took home a refrigerator and a microwave respectively.
Eight-year-old Stephen Dzodzegbe was the youngest participant, they won a Samsung tablet and products from Guinness Ghana Limited.
The oldest participant award went to 43-year-old Joseph Bennett and was given a smart phone and products from Guinness Ghana Limited.
By William Fiifi Sey
THE PESO strengthened a tad against the dollar on Wednesday as the market looked ahead to the release of local inflation data as well as the minutes of the US Federal Reserve's June meeting.
The local unit ended Wednesday's session at P53.36 versus the greenback, 1.5 centavos stronger than the P53.375-per-dollar finish tallied the previous day.
The peso opened the session stronger at P53.31 per US currency, rising as high as P53.28 intraday. Its worst showing, on the other hand, stood at P53.42 against the dollar.
Dollars traded climbed to $587.1 million from the $511.5 million tallied on Tuesday.
A trader said the peso moved sideways as it traded within a tight range.
“It traded within the P53.30-P53.40 range more or less with not much movement intraday,” the trader said in a phone interview, adding that the dollar was “stronger” during the session.
“The overall move was still pretty much on the bid side. It's just that in the last minute, we saw the local unit go from P53.42 to its close,” the trader added.
The trader also noted that investors were waiting for the release of domestic inflation data, which a second trader said was “likely stronger.”
“That's one of the things the market is watching out for. After that, in the US, the FOMC (Federal Open Market Committee) minutes and the non-farm payroll data will come out,” the first trader said.
A discussion on how high US interest rates should go in the Federal Reserve's tightening cycle might be tackled in the minutes of the June 12-13 meeting of the US central bank, Bloomberg reported. US central bankers may also debate the risks posed by the escalating tensions between the US and its key trading partners.
For Thursday, the first trader expects the peso to “move within its typical range” of P53.30 and P53.50 versus the dollar, while the other gave a stronger P53.20-P53.40 range. — Karl Angelo N. Vidal
© REUTERS/ Carlos Barria Revenge of Neocons? Who Will Replace Michael Flynn and What It Tells Us
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The WikiLeaks whistleblowing website said that the transcript of the conversation between Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak and former US National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, which resulted in Flynn's resignation should be released.
The controversy surrounding Flynn began when someone leaked information that they were speaking to Russian officials and urging them not to overreact to the sanctions placed on them by the Obama administration — implying that the Trump administration may have a different position on Russia than their predecessor.
"Flynn-Kislyak intercept transcript should be released to the public so everyone can act with complete knowledge https://wikileaks.org/#submit," Wikileaks said on its Twitter account on Tuesday.
Flynn-Kislyak intercept transcript should be released to the public so everyone can act with complete knowledge https://t.co/cLRcuIiQXz — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) February 14, 2017
​On Monday night, Flynn announced their decision to leave their post amid the growing controversy surrounding information leaked to the media about their conversations with Kislyak in December.
On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer confirmed that President Trump requested Michael Flynn's resignation over “eroding trust,” though they acknowledged that Flynn did not break the law, and moreover it was their job to communicate with America's foreign counterparts.
EuroMillions fever is gripping Ireland as Tuesday's jackpot rolls to a mouth-watering €140 million.
And as players dream of winning this mind-boggling cash pile the National Lottery has come up with suggestions for how an Irish winner could #sharethedream and spend some of the mega fortune.
A National Lottery spokesperson said an Irish win on Tuesday would be the biggest ever for the country, topping the mega €115 won by Dolores McNamara back in 2005.
They said: “This is an incredible amount of money. A winner could fulfill all their wildest dreams and have plenty to share with their loved ones if they win this life-changing nine-figure sum. The jackpot is on a roll with nobody winning the special €130 million Mega EuroMillions jackpot last Friday. If the jackpot is not won on Tuesday it will roll to a spectacular €170 million on Friday.
“When it comes to EuroMillions Ireland has had the rub of the green with 12 jackpot wins. This year alone there have been 13 EuroMillions Plus wins of €500,000. With retailers doing brisk business ahead of the €140 million jackpot on Tuesday we are advising players to play early to avoid queues. Or buy your tickets at www.lottery.ie or through the National Lottery App.”
So if you are a winner - once you have let the good news sink in and have received good independent financial and legal advice - here are some ways some of that fortune could be spent in the first month.
Week One:
A slice of paradise
With all the excitement you may be glad of a tropical bolthole to get away from it all. A private island in the turquoise waters of the Caribbean offers the ideal escape for friends and family. Frozen Cay Island, fringed with pristine white powder sand and complete with a luxury 6-bed house is yours – for €15 million!
Week Two:
Luxury penthouse
How about a nice weekend pad not too far away from home? Snap up a chic penthouse in London's fashionable Knightsbridge, a mecca for shopping. Saville's have an exquisite six bedroom penthouses spanning 6,215 square feet with two roof terraces, private parking and unrivalled views across London on their books – all for €32 million.
Week Three:
Rev it up
Now you have a dream island and luxury city pad sorted why not rev it up with some cool new wheels? One of the most expensive cars currently on sale in Ireland is a sleek, silvers2011 Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport. With luxurious leather interior this turbo charged beauty will set you back €3.2 million
Week Four:
Buy some Bling
Diamonds, we are told, are a girl's best friend. So nothing less than a fine gem for them to celebrate the massive win. As a guide Sotheby's recently sold a 3.47-carat intense blue diamond ring sold for a cool €5 million
And for him…..a John Player Special' Rolex Daytona wrist watch in yellow gold is due for auction at Christies …. and is expected to fetch between a half and one million euros
Meanwhile here is the roll call of the 12 Irish Euromillions winners to date are:
· July 2005: Dolores McNamara from Limerick was Ireland's first and biggest EuroMillions winner scooping over €115m.
· July 2008: A ticket bought in Carrick-on-Suir in Co Tipperary won a player €15m.
· June 2009: A family syndicate shared the jackpot with a British winner, taking home over €29.4m.
· June 2013: A winning ticket sold in Beaumont, Dublin, shared a jackpot worth over €93m.
· September 2013: A young man from the southeast shared a jackpot of over €25m with a player in Spain, taking home over €12.8m.
· April 2014: A jackpot prize worth €15m was claimed on a ticket sold in Castlebar, Co Mayo.
· September 2014: An €86.7m jackpot was won by a syndicate. The ticket was sold in Centra, Ballybrack, Co Dublin.
· January 2016: A syndicate of friends won over €66m, splitting the jackpot of €132m. The ticket was sold in Eason's store, Fairgreen Shopping Centre, Carlow.
· July 2016: 22 colleagues from Dublin Bus won €23.8m. The ticket was sold in O'Hanlon's in Portarlington.
· January 2017: A Dublin work syndicate claimed the €88.5m jackpot. The winning ticket was sold at the Applegreen Service Station on the M1 Northbound in Lusk, Co Dublin.
· July 2017: A west of Ireland syndicate scooped almost €29m.
· December 2017: A €38.9m jackpot ticket sold in the village Shop in Malahide was claimed by a small family syndicate.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TOOELE, Utah – The owner of a female husky faces a slew of charges after the dog allegedly killed more than two dozen animals in the backyards of at least two Utah homes in just a couple of hours, according to KSTU.
Police caught the culprit – a 4-year old husky – and now their owner is facing nearly 30 misdemeanor charges.
One of the Tooele residents who lost several animals, Trip Kiss, runs a petting zoo with their wife to teach animal husbandry to children with disabilities. Chickens, ducks, peacocks, a turkey and a tortoise, are just a few of the zoo's residents.
In the early morning hours of Memorial Day, they said their motion sensors went off. When Kiss looked at the surveillance video, it showed a husky running around their yard and driveway. They said the husky was targeting their animals.
"He was chewing our goose that was at the back end there, they dug out the rabbits in their enclosure," Kiss explained.
In the video, Kiss said the Husky can be seen carrying away two rabbits. It trots out of the camera's view and into the dark.
When Kiss realized what was happening, they said the husky had already killed several of their animals.
"Two rabbits, two ducks, five chickens, a turkey, a goose," Kiss said.
They said the goose was specially trained.
"The goose was so friendly," Kiss said. "It would follow us around at Renaissance fairs, charities."
Kiss said the husky took the animals and scattered them in a two-block radius around their home. They spotted the husky in their neighborhood with one of their chickens still alive in the dog's mouth.
"The dog continued to chew on it, and it died in the dog's mouth, and they dropped it," Kiss said.
They called police, and Tooele Police Sergeant Jeremy Hansen said they found out Kiss wasn't the only animal owner affected.
"A second lady from a couple houses down came and told the officers that 15 of their chickens had also been killed by the same animal," Sgt. Hansen said.
It took a couple of hours, but they finally caught the husky and brought them to the shelter to contact the owner.
Mackenzie Morton said they got the call from the shelter to explain they had their 4-year old husky, Nikita.
Morton said Nikita went missing from their boyfriend's home, which isn't far from Kiss' house.
"I didn't know where they went, because it was dark at night," Morton explained.
They said they looked for Nikita, and came across a few dead chickens in a neighbor's yard.
Nikita took off from there, Morton said, and they couldn't find them after that. Morton said they didn't want to wake the neighbors, so they kept the door cracked open at the house for Nikita to return.
"I didn't think they were going to go on a killing spree," Morton told KSTU. "I did not know that, at all."
They said what Nikita did left them in shock because their husky hasn't acted like that before.
Morton is now offering an apology to the homeowners.
"That's not fair," Morton said, getting choked up. "And I'm so sorry."
For Kiss, they said they aren't mad at the dog. They explained that he's more upset that more wasn't done to catch the husky when they escaped or to alert the neighbors to the dead chickens right away.
"I feel anger," Kiss said. "I feel anger toward the owner, because they could have prevented this."
Sgt. Hansen said the officer cited Morton with 27 counts of misdemeanor attacking animals and one count of misdemeanor animal running at large.
They said the city attorney is screening the case for the final charges.
Nikita is in quarantine at the animal shelter. Sgt. Hansen said after the 10-day quarantine is up, an administrative hearing will determine what to do with the husky.
Federal safety regulators say that at least four people have died following head-on crashes in Hyundai and Kia cars in which the airbags did not deploy.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it's investigating the airbags in 2011 Hyundai Sonatas and 2012 and 2013 Kia Fortes after it received reports the devices failed to deploy in six different crashes that resulted in injuries, including the four involving fatalities.
There are an estimated 425,000 cars on US roads that could be affected by the problem, according to the NHTSA's review, which was made public on Saturday.
Hyundai announced earlier this month that it plans to recall 155,000 of the 2011 Sonatas due to a short circuit in the controller that deploys the airbags. But it has yet to recall the cars because it does not yet have a fix in place. The automaker said it will notify owners by April 20.
Hyundai's initial recall statement did not mention that any deaths or injuries had occurred in the cars with faulty airbags. When asked about the NHTSA's investigation, it said the four accidents involving Sonatas resulted in two deaths and two injuries. It described the accidents as "rare and unique."
"These accidents included a very high rate of speed and a severe offset head-on collision to the front driver side of the vehicle," said the company. "We are actively investigating what exactly causes the airbag control unit to become damaged in these specific types of accidents."
Kia, which is also owned by Hyundai Motors but operates as a separate company in the US, has not announced any recalls for the Forte related to the airbag. Kia said it is working with NHTSA but that it "has not confirmed any airbag non-deployments arising from the potential chip issue."
The airbags were made by ZF-TRW, according to the NHTSA filing. Spokespersons for VF-TRW did not respond to a request for comment.
The largest auto recall in the nation's history involved 50 million airbags made by supplier Takata for 37 million cars across most major automakers. Those airbags, which exploded and sent shrapnel into the car's occupants, have been tied to at least 13 U.S. deaths and more than 200 injuries, according to NHTSA.
The BBC have announced that over 16,000 sound effects have been made available for free from the their extensive library.
The archive of effects dates back to the 1920s.
And now, the general public can download them for free for the first time.
When I mentioned this outside we ALL looked at each other and immediately thought of Father Ted. It's Dougal in the episode Chirpy Burpy Cheap Sheep when they get their BBC Sound Effects LP:
All 16,000 glorious sound effects ranging from
"Malamute Alaskan Huskies screaming" - Good to use if calling into work sick..."Boss, you won't believe what happened to me!"
"36 people brawling" - NOT THIRTY OR FORTY...THIRTY SIX!
"Fifteen Victorian ladies in spirited indoor conversation with some laughter" - If only they could be more SPECIFIC.
And for anyone out there who needs to end a conversation real quick:
All 16,000 can be accessed here
Good luck with the radio play!
The Global Dental Anesthesia Market is growing exponentially owing to the increasing dental healthcare base, increasing trend towards dental health checkup, growing economy are the factor contributing to the growth of the market. The Dental Anesthesia Market is expected to register a CAGR of about 8.9% over the forecast period (2017-2023).
Anesthesias are drugs that has the ability to induce reversible sensation loss. Local anesthesia (vasoconstrictors) are different from analgesic or pain killers which relives pain without loss of sensation. They are usually administered to facilitate surgery. In U.S., the two vasoconstrictors are levonordefrin and epinephrine. Epinephrine used for dental Anesthesias include lidocaine, articaine, prilocaine, and bupivacaine. Dental Anesthesia consists of both local Anesthesia and general Anesthesia. These Anesthesias are used in nonsurgical periodontal therapy (NSPT) procedures.
The Global Dental Anesthesia Market for diagnosis and treatment is expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 8.9% during the forecast period 2017–2023.
Get PDF Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/755 .
Key Players of Dental Anesthesia Market
Some major players in the Global Dental Anesthesia Market include Astra Zeneca (UK), Septodont (US), Dentsply (US), Sirona (US), GlaxoSmithKline PLC (US), Gilead Sciences Inc. (US), Johnson & Johnson (US), F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. (Switzerland), Baxter International Inc. (US), Abbott Laboratories (US), Hospira, Inc. (US), Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC (UK), AbbVie Inc. (US), Fresenius Se & Co. Kgaa (Germany), and others.
Industry Updates of Dental Anesthesia Market
September, 2017 AstraZeneca entered into a collaboration agreement with Aspen Global Incorporated (AGI) to acquire the rights for anaesthetic medicine outside U.S. The anaesthetic medication portfolio include EMLA, Xyloproct /Xylocard/ Xylocaine, Diprivan, Marcaine, Naropin, Citanest and Carbocaine. The agreement will imply AstraZeneca to manufacture and supply medication to AGI over a period of 5 years.
Feb, 2017 Septodont Healthcare India Pvt. Ltd. acquires DLA, a leading injectable dental Anesthesias manufactures. The leading dental Anesthesias include Lidostesim (Lidocaine), Mepivalem (Mepivacaine) and Citanest (Priolocaine). This acquisition will strengthen their presence throughout the Latin American region.
March, 2017 GlaxoSmithKline plc divested nearly all their Anesthesias portfolio to Aspen Pharma. By this acquisition Aspen has strengthened its drug portfolio and increased its customer base. GSK's anaesthesia portfolio consists of Anectine, Ultiva, Mivacron Tracrium, and Nimbex. In addition, Aspen and GSK has entered into parallel agreements to terminate their collaboration in Africa and further exercise an option to acquire GSK's remaining thrombosis business.
July, 2016 Kitron signs supply agreement with Dentsply Sirona. This agreement will add Kitron as a new supplier for Dentsply Sirona.
Get an Attractive Discount on Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/755 .
Regional Analysis of Dental Anesthesia Market
Nowadays the injectable dental local Anesthesias available in North America amide based local Anesthesias. North America holds the largest market share for Dental Anesthesia Market and is anticipated to dominate the market forecast period.
The European healthcare industry is flourishing owing to the increasing number of medical professionals and growing awareness. The steady increase in the number of dentists in Europe specifically France, Germany, and Italy.
Asia Pacific is the fastest growing dental consumables market. The dental consumables market comprises of large and small entities which provides a platform for healthy competition and scope for growth.
Some Brief Table of Content
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
TOC Continued…
Do You Have any Specific Requirement? Inquire @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/755 .
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
April 6 EAST CAPITAL EXPLORER:
* ECEX TO ACQUIRE OFFICE PROPERTY VERTAS IN VILNIUS
* PROPERTY VERTAS IN VILNIUS MAY INITIALLY BE FINANCED BY 100% EQUITY
* TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO CLOSE DURING SUMMER.
* PURCHASE PRICE IS EUR 29 MILLION, CORRESPONDING TO A YIELD OF APPROXIMATELY 6.5% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Lawyer Rachel Pastores says the police narrative on the arrest of peace consultant Rafael Baylosis 'is incredibly laughable and obviously false'
Published 3:09 PM, February 03, 2018
DAVAO CITY, Philippines – The legal counsel of two arrested leftist leaders questioned the evidence used by the police as basis to bring them back behind bars.
Rachel Pastores, counsel for National Democratic Front (NDF) consultant Rafael Baylosis and Roque Guillermo Jr, issued a statement on Friday, February 2, calling for the immediate release of the two.
Pastores said Baylosis was in jail "over a pack of lies."
"The police narrative of the arrest of peace consultant Rafael Baylosis and Roque Guillermo Jr is incredibly laughable and obviously false, particularly with revisions midway," said Pastores, managing counsel at the Public Interest Law Center.
Previously, the Philippine National Police (PNP) said the arrest recovered two caliber .45 pistols, 14 ammunition, and two magazines. (READ: Leftists slam rearrest of NDF consultant over 'trumped-up charges')
But what Pastores specifically questioned was the grenade found inside a bag of red rice, which was mentioned by the Criminal Investigation and Detection Group – NCR.
"The inclusion of the hand grenade among the items allegedly recovered from Baylosis will make the charge non-bailable and will result in further curtailment of Baylosis' right to liberty," Pastores said.
The non-bailable arrest has been condemned by their leftist colleagues, saying President Duterte manifested fickle-mindedness in pursuing the talks.
As to whether Baylosis' case was bailable or not, they also said it would be up to the Supreme Court.
The Joint Agreement on Safety and Immunity Guarantees (JASIG) supposedly protected the two from arrest, but the Philippines formally terminated negotiating with the Reds last year.
Since the talks were terminated, Duterte has urged the NDF consultants to surrender. – Rappler.com
March 30 Bonterra Resources Inc:
* Bonterra to acquire strategic trove property as extension of Bonterra's southwest trend
* Bonterra resources - entered into agreement with Durango Resources by which Bonterra can earn 100% interest in Durango's trove windfall lake property
* Durango will retain a 2% net smelter returns royalty in respect of trove property
* Bonterra may purchase 50% of this royalty at any time for $1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
(Adds details on growth forecasts, monetary policy outlook)
SANTIAGO, April 3 Chile's central bank cut its forecast for gross domestic product growth in 2017 to a range of 1.0 percent to 2.0 percent, it said Monday, warning that a long strike at the world's biggest copper mine would likely shave off 0.2 percentage points in the year.
That compared with a previous growth estimate of 1.5 percent to 2.5 percent.
In its quarterly monetary policy report (IPoM), the bank said the 43-day-long strike at BHP Billiton Plc-owned Escondida, which ended without a clear resolution in March, would take an entire percentage point off growth in the first quarter.
Escondida produced over 1 million tonnes of copper last year, about 5 percent of the world's total, and significantly more than any other individual deposit.
Outside of the strike, persistently weak economic activity and investment in Chile has led the bank to cut the interest rate 50 basis points so far this year, and the bank has left the door open to more stimulus.
"The base case assumes that the monetary policy rate will continue to be expansive," said central bank head Mario Marcel in a speech to senators on Monday as they presented the report. (Reporting by Antonio de la Jara and Gram Slattery; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
BAKU British oil major BP (BP.L), which operates the Shah Deniz offshore gas condensate field, plans to halt work of the on-site platform for maintenance in the second half of this year, Gordon Birrell, BP's regional president for Azerbaijan, said.
In 2016, the field produced about 10.7 billion cubic metres of gas and 2.5 million tonnes of condensate.
(Reporting by Nailia Bagirova; writing by Katya Golubkova; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
South Fort Myers High School (Photo: Submitted)
SOUTH FORT MYERS 27, EAST LEE COUNTY 7
Highlights: There were plenty of them. Jaq'uayle Blanks returned a kickoff 99 yards for a touchdown in the first, putting the Jaguars ahead 7-3. ... Will Morris hit Austin Smith with a 43-yard pass to set up a South field goal late in the second half. ... Jeshaun Jones returned a punt 45 yards to set up a score that put South ahead 20-7 late in the third. ... Eddie Teague's 40-yard pick-6 put the nail in the coffin midway through the fourth. ... Ronnie Cody also had an interception for the Wolfpack.
Key stat: Jeshaun Jones rushed for 97 yards and Freddie Ward ran for 116 yards.
Significance: The Jaguars played their third game in nine days, and have lost all of them. ... Pass interference penalties on the Jaguars set up two Wolfpack scores.
Quote: "This was a hard-fought game, like we knew it would be," said South coach Brian Conn. "The defense bent a little bit, 'cause East Lee has some great players, but we didn't break. We came up with some big plays when we needed it. The defense keeps on improving every week."
Next game: East Lee County hosts Lehigh in the Beast of the East game next Friday. South Fort Myers meanwhile visits Riverdale next Friday.
SOUTH FORT MYERS 27, EAST LEE COUNTY 7
ELC 7 0 0 0 -- 7
SFM 3 10 7 7 -- 27
First quarter
SFM -- Tattum Logsdon 42 FG 4:18
ELC -- Jaqu'ayle Blanks 99 kickoff return (Steven Najera kick) 4:08
Second quarter
SFM -- Freddie Ward 2 run (Logsdon kick) 10:53
SFM -- Logsdon 30 FG, 4:03
Third quarter
SFM -- Trent Rogers 2 pass from Tyler Lackey (Logsdon kick) :13.5
Fourth quarter
SFM - Eddie Teague 40 interception return (Logsdon kick) 7:08
Emulsifiers Market:
Industry Overview:
Global Emulsifiers Market will cross USD 8.5 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of approximately 7%.
Global Emulsifiers Market has witnessed a remarkable growth over the past decade owing to its increasing demand from the application segment such as food & beverages, personal care, pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals and others. The rising demand of emulsifiers in food and beverages industry and other applications are driving this industry. Geographically, North America is anticipated to be the leading market due to the high demand of consumable food, lifestyle and matured economy. Followed by this, Europe is expected to be on the second position whereas APAC is considered as the fastest growing region where the market would be having ample of opportunities due to existing emerging economies such as China, India, Japan and Indonesia.
Global Emulsifiers Market Research is an intelligence report with meticulous efforts undertaken to study the right and valuable information. The data which has been looked upon is done considering both, the existing top players and the upcoming competitors. Business strategies of the key players and the new entering market industries are studied in detail. Well explained SWOT analysis, revenue share and contact information are shared in this report analysis.
To Get Sample Report Click Here@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1717
Industry Insight:
Data integration and capabilities are analyzed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations. Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of emulsifiers market. Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models.
Geographically, the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. The production, consumption, revenue, shares in mill UDS, growth rate of emulsifiers market during the forecast period of 2018 to 2022 is well explained.
The ongoing market trends of emulsifiers market and the key factors impacting the growth prospects are elucidated. With increase in the trend, the factors affecting the trend are mentioned with perfect reasons. Top manufactures, price, revenue, market share are explained to give a depth of idea on the competitive side.
Each and every segment type and their sub types are well elaborated to give a better idea about this market during the forecast period of 2018 to 2022 respectively.
Read Comprehensive Overview of Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/emulsifiers-market-1717
Industry Key Players:
Cargill,
BASF SE,
Evonik Industries,
DOW Corning,
DSM Nutritional,
Lubrizol Advanced Materials,
Stepan Company,
Lonza, Solvay,
Spartan Chemical Company.
Make an inquiry for purchasing this report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/emulsifiers-market-1717
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
Jamie Lynn Spears‘ 8-year-old daughter Maddie is on the mend now, but their situation was so dire last week it brought their parents — who split in 2010 — back together to rally for them
After Maddie accidentally drove an ATV into a pond on Spears and stepdad Jamie Watson‘s Kentwood, Louisiana, property on Feb. 5. After nearly drowning, they were airlifted to the Children's Hospital in New Orleans, where where they fought for their life as their mom, stepdad and father Casey Aldridge kept vigil.
“They sat around their bed, talked to her, held hands and prayed,” a friend of Aldridge tells PEOPLE exclusively.
Indeed, the exes' focus was solely on their daughter, who was submerged for a few minutes before first responders arrived and rescued them from the ATV's seatbelt and safety netting.
For more on Maddie's miraculous recovery, pick up the new issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands everywhere Friday.
“[Casey] and Jamie Lynn have joint custody, and they've been getting along okay, so it was fine for them to be together,” says the friend. “They didn't take turns in their room or anything like that. They all gathered around them because they wanted Maddie to know that they were all there. Nothing was more important than her.”
On Feb. 7, the hospital told PEOPLE exclusively in a statement that Maddie was awake talking with no signs of neurological damage, and by Friday, they were discharged and able to go home, with doctors saying “she is on the way to a full recovery.”
On Tuesday, country singer-songwriter Spears, 25, offered fans an update on Maddie's health, sharing an Instagram of their daughter celebrating Valentine's Day with their classmates at school.
“Maddie isn't quite ready to return to school, but their doctors did clear them to bring in their Valentine's Day treats to their class today,” they captioned the adorable shot of their daughter, whom they and ex Aldridge welcomed in June of 2008. “It made them so happy to see them friends, and be able to give them such cute treats. It was a great moment for us after everything that has happened. We are so thankful to celebrate Valentine's Day with the ones we love, and we don't take a second of it for granted.”
A man is seen in silhouette as they walk behind the logo of BNP Paribas in a building in Issy-les-Moulineaux, near Paris, France, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
HONG KONG French lender BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA) is merging two research teams in a development that could see the bank cut around a dozen jobs globally as it looks to comply with new European regulations, two sources told Reuters.
The move is the latest sign that global investment banks are starting to radically rethink their research franchises ahead of the January 2018 implementation of the so-called "MiFID II" rules which some analysts say could result in a 30 percent decline in global research spend.
BNP is merging its Markets Economics teams and Research & Strategy teams to form a single new team called Global Markets Research.
To restructure had put about a dozen jobs "at risk" globally, according to one source with direct knowledge of the matter. The bank had already begun to make redundancies in Asia, a second source with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
BNP Paribas declined to comment.
The new MiFID II rules will prohibit banks from giving away research free to clients in return for trading commissions, which is typically the current practice, and investors will have to vet the quality of research and pay for it separately.
Giving away research free could be considered an inducement to do business which would create a conflict of interest for investors, regulators say.
The rules spell trouble for the banks because investors are unlikely to pay for much of the research currently produced, according to an August report by Hong Kong consultancy Quinlan & Associates, which estimates that global investment research spend could fall by as much as 30 percent by 2020 - putting pressure on headcount costs.
Greenwich Associates, a U.S. based financial markets consultancy, estimates research commission spending will fall by nearly $200 million (£156.59 million) in the United States and by over 100 million euros (£83.86 million) in Europe over the 12 months following MiFID's implementation.
The new rules will require firms to classify research as independent or non-independent, but investors are less likely to pay for non-independent research, analysts say.
BNP's new Global Markets Research team would be classified as non-independent although the bank will continue to provide independent research, the sources said.
(Editing by Michelle Price and Stephen Coates)
© AFP 2017/ HOW HWEE YOUNG Reality Refutes McMaster's Words on China Abandoning Russia - Kremlin
China and the EU are due to hold the first high-level summit since Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the US.
The 7th EU-China Strategic Dialogue will take in Beijing from April 18th to 20th. Two of the world's biggest economies have to solve a heap of problems: how to reconcile globalization and free trade with protectionism; to ensure the development of Sino-EU ties amid the "two-speed" Europe talk and how not to allow Washington to strike an investment agreement with Beijing before Brussels.
While Beijing is signaling its willingness to maintain closer ties with the EU, Trump's political maneuvers have spiced up the situation.
Contrary to Sino-American "trade war" concerns, Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping have recently agreed to a new 100-day plan for trade talks to reduce the US' trade deficit with China.
On the other hand, Trump signaled Sunday that they will no longer call China a currency manipulator.
"Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!" the US President tweeted.
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 16 апреля 2017 г.
​For Brussels that means that Beijing may redirect its investment flows from the EU to the US. The EU leadership is now facing a dilemma of outpacing Washington in the race for Chinese investments and at the same time not allowing Beijing to gain an upper hand in the European market.
However, to complicate matters further the EU-Chinese steel conflict goes on.
"The European Union slapped Chinese steel imports with new anti-dumping duties Thursday, heightening a growing conflict in which each side accuses the other of unfair trade practices," The Wall Street Journal reported on April 6.
"The European Commission-the EU's executive arm-introduced levies ranging from 18.1% to 35.9% for five years starting Friday on certain hot-rolled flat steel products from China," the media outlet specified.
Commenting on the matter, Chen Fengying, an expert at the Chinese Institute for Modern International Studies, highlighted that Brussels' double-standard approach does not add to the development of Sino-EU relations.
"On December 12 [2016], China sent a request to the WTO commission to hold consultations on resolving disputes related to the introduction of the US and EU anti-dumping measures based on the surrogate country principle," Chen told Sputnik Chinese.
In a statement published on its website the Chinese Ministry of Commerce drew attention to the fact that in accordance with the accession protocol inked when China joined the WTO in 2001, the "surrogate country" approach expired on December 11, 2016.
"Under the surrogate country approach, WTO members use costs of production in a third country to calculate the value of products from countries on its 'non-market economy' list, which includes China. The practice allows countries to levy high tariffs easily in trade disputes," Xinhua elaborated on December 12, 2016.
Although the WTO dispute settlement was officially launched in late 2016, the international organization has yet to establish a special group, Chen said.
"The final decision is taken by WTO arbitration. The WTO's activities are very routine, the conclusion can be actually made after six months, but during this time, China may already be forced out of the market. Therefore, the Chinese, for their part, can also take countermeasures," the Chinese expert told Sputnik.
Apparently, Beijing and Brussels hope that the upcoming summit will help the economies to ease tensions. For its part, China is seemingly interested in demonstrating its commitment to develop EU-Chinese ties based on globalization principles to Washington.
However, the question arises whether or not the EU and China will manage to offer ways to solve existing contradictions during the 7th EU-China Strategic Dialogue.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
After years of imposed “scientific consensus” on global warming, a number of skeptical climate scientists are hopeful that their views may finally get a hearing under the new administration.
Georgia Tech scientist Judith Curry, for instance, labelled a “climate heretic” by Scientific American for their contrarian views, sees a light at the end of the long Obama tunnel.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“Here's to hoping the Age of Trump will herald the demise of climate change dogma, and acceptance of a broader range of perspectives in climate science and our policy options,” they wrote last month on their popular blog Climate Etc.
Part of the problem is that no one really knows how many climate change skeptics there are among scientists because of the high personal and professional cost of heterodoxy.
Dilbert creator Scott Adams has compared climate change skeptics within the scientific community to “Shy Trump Supporters” who are too afraid to say what they really think for fear of being ridiculed or worse. As we can plainly see, they wrote, “the cost of disagreeing with climate science is unreasonably high if you are a scientist.”
William Happer, professor emeritus of physics at Princeton University and a member of the National Academy of Sciences, played their cards close to the vest for years in order survive in a hostile scientific climate.
“I held my tongue for a long time because friends told me I would not be elected to the National Academy of Sciences if I didn't toe the alarmists' company line,” they said.
As the political climate changes, however, climate change skeptics may find their voice and enter a debate that has hitherto been closed off to them.
Happer, for instance, is more optimistic of what the future holds. “I think we're making progress,” they said. “I see reassuring signs.”
Dr. Duane Thresher, a climate scientist with a PhD from Columbia University and NASA GISS, has pointed to “publication and funding bias” as a key to understanding how scientific consensus can be manipulated.
Although scientists are held up as models of independent thinkers and unbiased seekers of truth, the reality is that they depend on funding even more than other professions, since much of their research has no market value. Thus, they will study what they are funded to study.
The Obama administration, which doggedly denied that a climate debate even existed, funneled billions of federal dollars into programs and studies that supported its claims, while silencing contrary opinions.
“In reality, it's the government, not the scientists, that asks the questions,” said David Wojick, an expert on climate research spending and a longtime government consultant.
Federal agencies order up studies that focus on their concerns, so politics ends up guiding science according to its particular interests.
“Government actions have corrupted science, which has been flooded by money to produce politically correct results,” said Happer. “It is time for governments to finally admit the truth about global warming. Warming is not the problem. Government action is the problem.”
Thresher, who has done pioneering work in both tree ring climate proxy modeling and ocean climate proxy modeling, says that scientists know far less about historical climate than people are led to believe.
Scientists us climate “proxies” like tree rings and ice cores, Thresher says, as substitutes for real climate measurements. The inferences reached are “inaccurate and unreliable well beyond what is required for the conclusions drawn,” they state.
When it comes to forecasting future climate trends, however, the situation is even worse, Thresher contends.
“Climate models are just more complex/chaotic weather models, which have a theoretical maximum predictive ability of just 10 days into the future,” they note. “Predicting climate decades or even just years into the future is a lie, albeit a useful one for publication and funding.”
President-elect Donald Trump's choices for key cabinet posts have exhilarated climate scientists tired of being black-balled as “climate change deniers” just because they raise uncomfortable questions. Tapping former Texas Gov. Rick Perry to run the Energy Department, Attorney General Scott Pruitt of Oklahoma to run the Environmental Protection Agency, and Exxon chief executive Rex Tillerson as secretary of state signals a radical change from Obama's conforming climate alarmists.
Every friend of honest debate and free exchange of information will take heart in the changing environment, where every voice will be heard. In the area of climate science, the change couldn't come at a more opportune time.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
In 2017, "Gornoluzhnik" was held for the tenth time. The name of the crazy contest comes from a mixture of Russian words "gornolyzhnik" (downhill skier) and "luzha" (a puddle), pointing to the main feature of the event — the 25-meter-long puddle.
Публикация от 😽🐼😻🐶🐰🐙🐴🐺🐬🐘🐎🐩🐕🐈🦄🐧 (@shihaleeva_foto) Апр 16 2017 в 10:23 PDT
Победа в номинации "Мини-бикини"🤘🌸 #горнолужник2017 #горнолужник Публикация от Виктория Дойна (@victoriadoina) Апр 16 2017 в 6:50 PDT Еще немного #горнолужник #зимнийгорнолужник Публикация от Мария Околелова 😜 (@masha_oks) Апр 16 2017 в 7:46 PDT
According to the rules, participants have to wear unusual costumes and descend down the track trying to escape the puddle or at least to get out of it as dry as possible.
#бобролог #горнолужник 2017 #краснаямашина #кгбссср Публикация от Виктор (@biryukoff1977) Апр 16 2017 в 4:51 PDT #Горнолужник2017 #горнолужник #бобровыйлог #закрытиесезона#69 Публикация от Николай (@razdelishin_n.s) Апр 16 2017 в 5:03 PDT
It's up to you to decide what's crazier, the contest itself or its participants in their absolutely inconceivable outfits.
Публикация от 😽🐼😻🐶🐰🐙🐴🐺🐬🐘🐎🐩🐕🐈🦄🐧 (@shihaleeva_foto) Апр 16 2017 в 3:52 PDT
Despite being held at the same time as Easter, the competition was very popular among the participants and the audience, judging by the pictures and videos published on social networks. According to the organizers, 90 daredevils of all ages tried to conquer the puddle this year, but only six of them managed to do it without getting wet.
Even before coming to the American Red Cross, John Miller served in the United States Military. Part of their duties was assisting and training in emergency preparedness.But they continued to help as a civilian worker in the U.S Pacific Command on the ground in emergencies like the Indian Ocean Tsunami and Hurricane Paka in Guam.
"I've done a lot of training with our military in terms of responding to disasters overseas, so that was kind of a natural fit in working as a, a volunteer with red cross over the last four years or so."
With the American Red Cross, they have expanded their scope, implementing a training program for volunteers -- those that will supplement as staff during large disasters. All that training kicked in during the Marco Polo fire, where John was involved with opening the shelter and helping some 120 people. Iolani School called and said they'd like to offer some of their facilities.
"Up until this point, they had not been on our list of shelters. So I had to do what is known as a quick shelter survey. Meanwhile, the rest of our Red Cross team was handling residents that were being evacuated, making sure their needs were met, and we had that shelter open, like I said, for the next couple days."
That's just a small example of the kind of service that the American Red Cross provides through the training and leadership of one of its volunteers.
Copyright 2018. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
A A
Julianna Marler's role as CEO of the Port of Vancouver was cemented Tuesday when the board of commissioners voted 2-1 to approve the terms of their employment.
Marler is the first female CEO in the port's 105-year history.
As compensation for leading the port, Marler will receive a $202,801 annual salary, a $500 monthly car allowance, a deferred compensation totaling 15 percent of their salary for a four-year term and a severance agreement valued at six months' salary.
“I look forward to working with our commissioners to ensure the port continues to be an economic engine and a good partner in building a strong and vibrant community,” Marler said in a news release.
Commissioners Eric LaBrant and Brian Wolfe voted in favor of the package. Commissioner Jerry Oliver voted no.
Oliver spoke highly of Marler's credentials and leadership abilities but didn't want the severance agreement to be included.
“I'm troubled when public executive employees have rich agreements that may not in any way reflect what staff would have. It seems immanently unfair to me,” they said.
Marler's predecessor as CEO, Todd Coleman, received an annual salary of $212,000. Their deferred compensation was 10 percent of their salary over four years.
Coleman didn't have a termination agreement.
As CEO, Marler wants to complete the port's $275 million West Vancouver Freight Access project early next year. Among other goals are finishing the 125,000-square-foot Centennial Industrial Building and leasing it out this summer, and progressing Terminal 1 along the Columbia River in downtown Vancouver toward redevelopment.
Marler served as interim CEO after Coleman left the port in May. While interim CEO, they also worked as top finance official.
They have been with the port since 2008.
ISTANBUL, April 29 Turkish authorities on Saturday blocked access to online encyclopaedia Wikipedia, an internet monitoring group said, the latest in what government critics say is a crackdown on free speech on the internet.
A block on all language editions of the Wikipedia website was detected at 8:00 a.m. (0500 GMT) on Saturday, monitoring group Turkey Blocks said on its website.
"The loss of availability is consistent with internet filters used to censor content in the country," it said.
When attempting to access the webpage using Turkish internet providers, users received a notice the site could not be reached and a "connection timed out" error.
Monitoring groups have accused Turkey of blocking access to social media sites such as Twitter or Facebook, particularly in the aftermath of militant attacks.
The government has in the past denied that it blocks the internet, blaming outages on spikes in usage after major events. But technical experts at watchdog groups say the blackouts on social media are intentional, aimed in part at stopping the spread of militant images and propaganda.
(Reporting by David Dolan; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
New York, NY--August 14, 2017--A major goal in the field of molecular electronics, which aims to use single molecules as electronic components, is to make a device where a quantized, controllable flow of charge can be achieved at room temperature. A first step in this field is for researchers to demonstrate that single molecules can function as reproducible circuit elements such as transistors or diodes that can easily operate at room temperature.
A team led by Latha Venkataraman, professor of applied physics and chemistry at Columbia Engineering and Xavier Roy, assistant professor of chemistry (Arts & Sciences), published a study (DOI 10.1038/nnano.2017.156) today in Nature Nanotechnology that is the first to reproducibly demonstrate current blockade--the ability to switch a device from the insulating to the conducting state where charge is added and removed one electron at a time--using atomically precise molecular clusters at room temperature.
Bonnie Choi, a graduate student in the Roy group and co-lead author of the work, created a single cluster of geometrically ordered atoms with an inorganic core made of just 14 atoms--resulting in a diameter of about 0.5 nanometers--and positioned linkers that wired the core to two gold electrodes, much as a resistor is soldered to two metal electrodes to form a macroscopic electrical circuit (e.g. the filament in a light bulb).
The researchers used a scanning tunneling microscope technique that they have pioneered to make junctions comprising a single cluster connected to the two gold electrodes, which enabled them to characterize its electrical response as they varied the applied bias voltage. The technique allows them to fabricate and measure thousands of junctions with reproducible transport characteristics.
"We found that these clusters can perform very well as room-temperature nanoscale diodes whose electrical response we can tailor by changing their chemical composition," says Venkataraman. "Theoretically, a single atom is the smallest limit, but single-atom devices cannot be fabricated and stabilized at room temperature. With these molecular clusters, we have complete control over their structure with atomic precision and can change the elemental composition and structure in a controllable manner to elicit certain electrical response."
A number of studies have used quantum dots to produce the similar effects but because the dots are much larger and not uniform in size, due to the nature of their synthesis, the results have not been reproducible--not every device made with quantum dots behaved the same way. The Venkataraman-Roy team worked with smaller inorganic molecular clusters that were identical in shape and size, so they knew exactly--down to the atomic scale--what they were measuring.
"Most of the other studies created single-molecule devices that functioned as single-electron transistors at four degrees Kelvin, but for any real-world application, these devices need to work at room temperature. And ours do," says Giacomo Lovat, a postdoctoral researcher and co-lead author of the paper. "We've built a molecular-scale transistor with multiple states and functionalities, in which we have control over the precise amount of charge that flows through. It's fascinating to see that simple chemical changes within a molecule, can have a profound influence on the electronic structure of molecules, leading to different electrical properties."
The team evaluated the performance of the diode through the on/off ratio, which is the ratio between the current flowing through the device when it is switched on and the residual current still present in its "off" state. At room temperature, they observed an on/off ratio of about 600 in single-cluster junctions, higher than any other single-molecule devices measured to date. Particularly interesting was the fact that these junctions were characterized by a "sequential" mode of charge flow; each electron transiting through a cluster junction stopped on the cluster for a while. Usually, in small-molecule junctions, electrons "pushed" through the junction by the applied bias make the leap continuously, from one electrode into the other, so that the number of electrons on the molecule at each instant of time is not well-defined.
"We say the cluster becomes 'charged' since, for a short time interval before the transiting electron jumps off into the other metal electrode, it stores one extra charge," says Roy. "Such sequential, or discrete, conduction mode is due to the cluster's peculiar electronic structure that confines electrons in strongly localized orbitals. These orbitals also account for the observed 'current blockade' regime when a low bias voltage is applied to a cluster junction. The current drops to a very small value at low voltage as electrons in the metal contact don't have enough energy to occupy one of the cluster orbitals. As the voltage is increased, the first cluster orbital that becomes energetically accessible opens up a viable route for electrons that can now jump on and off the cluster, resulting in consecutive 'charging' and 'discharging' events. The blockade is lifted, and current starts flowing across the junction."
The researchers tailored the clusters to explore the impact of compositional change on the clusters' electrical response and plan to build upon their initial study. They will design improved cluster systems with better electrical performances (e.g. higher on/off current ratio, different accessible states), and increase the number of atoms in the cluster core while maintaining the atomic precision and uniformity of the compound. This would increase the number of energy levels, each corresponding to a certain electron orbit that they can access with their voltage window. Increasing the energy levels would impact the on/off ratio of the device, perhaps also decreasing the power needed for switching on the device if more energy levels become accessible for transiting electrons at low bias voltages.
"Most single-molecule transport investigations have been performed on simple organic molecules because they are easier to work with," Venkataraman notes. "Our collaborative effort here through the Columbia Nano Initiative bridges chemistry and physics, enabling us to experiment with new compounds, such as these molecular clusters, that may not only be more synthetically challenging, but also more interesting as electrical components."
###
About the Study
The study is titled, "Room-temperature current blockade in atomically defined single-cluster junctions." The other contributors are Daniel W. Paley and Michael L. Steigerwald (Department of Chemistry, Columbia University).
The study was supported primarily by the Center for Precision Assembly of Superstratic and Superatomic Solids at Columbia University, an NSF MRSEC (award number DMR-1420634).
The authors declare no competing financial interests.
LINKS:
PAPER: DOI 10.1038/nnano.2017.156
http://www. nature. com/ nnano/ index. html?foxtrotcallback= true
http://apam. columbia. edu/ latha-venkataraman
http://www. venkataramangroup. org
http://www. columbia. edu/ cu/ chemistry/ groups/ roy/
http://www. engineering. columbia. edu/
http://cni. columbia. edu/
Columbia Engineering
Columbia Engineering is one of the top engineering schools in the U.S. and one of the oldest in the nation. Based in New York City, the School offers programs to both undergraduate and graduate students who undertake a course of study leading to the bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree in engineering and applied science. Columbia Engineering's nine departments offer 16 majors and more than 30 minors in engineering and the liberal arts, including an interdisciplinary minor in entrepreneurship with Columbia Business School. With facilities specifically designed and equipped to meet the laboratory and research needs of faculty and students, Columbia Engineering is home to a broad array of basic and advanced research initiatives, from the Columbia Nano Initiative to the Columbia Genome Center. These interdisciplinary centers in science and engineering, big data, nanoscience, and genomic research are leading the way in their respective fields while our engineers and scientists collaborate across the University to solve theoretical and practical problems in many other significant areas.
ST. LOUIS -- In a recent paper published in Cell Reports, Saint Louis University researchers have uncovered new answers about why cells rapidly age in children with a rare and fatal disease. The data points to cellular replication stress and a mistaken innate immune response as culprits, and the team found success in the laboratory in blocking these processes with vitamin D.
Susana Gonzalo, Ph.D., associate professor of biochemistry and molecular biology at SLU, and their lab examined human and animal cells connected to a rare disease called Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome (HGPS).
HGPS is caused by the random mutation of a single gene that causes children to age rapidly. Children with the condition develop many of the typical changes and illness associated with aging, including hair loss, aging skin, joint abnormalities, and bone loss. The disease causes atherosclerosis -- fatty deposits that clog arteries -- and patients with the illness die from cardiovascular complications such as stroke or myocardial infarction in their teens.
Thanks to genetic mapping, scientists now know that HGPS is caused by a mutation in the LMNA gene, which encodes for lamin A protein. Lamin A serves as a scaffold that keeps the cell's nucleus organized and in shape. The shortened, mutated version of this protein is called progerin, and it causes the nucleus and cell to become unstable, leading to premature aging of the cells.
"Those with progeria have a mutation in their DNA that codes for these proteins," Gonzalo said. "The presence of progerin makes a mess in the nucleus."
This is a problem because the nucleus houses our DNA. Cell health and reproduction are closely tied to our genome integrity -- the ability of a cell to faithfully transmit its DNA information on to new cells. Mistakes or obstacles in the replication of our DNA cause breaks and mutations, which are linked to both cancer and aging.
Research in Gonzalo's lab revealed that replication stress is a key cause of the underlying DNA damage accumulation found in the cells of those with HGPS. Replication stress occurs when the machinery that replicates DNA encounters obstacles along the way that makes replication to stall until the obstacle is removed.
Normally, our cells have in place a number of strategies to address these obstacles and then successfully continue with DNA replication. In the case of those with HGPS, however, Gonzalo found that progerin causes these strategies to falter. Replication stress can derail a cell's ability to reproduce.
Gonzalo and their team discovered two new mechanisms by which progerin causes damage. First, progerin induces the stalling of the replication machinery, and at the same impedes the proper protection of the newly replicated DNA. This results in DNA being preyed upon by nucleases, which degrade the newly synthesized DNA with the consequent loss of genetic material.
They also found another way that progerin causes cell toxicity.
Scientists know that DNA damage and replication stress not only underlie the genomic instability that drives aging and cancer, but that they also contribute to activate inflammatory responses.
"When DNA fragments leak outside the nucleus into the cytoplasm, the cell recognizes that material as something foreign," Gonzalo said. "This activates a series of immune responses. In particular, a signaling cascade known as the interferon response is activated when the cell thinks it senses a viral or bacterial infection that needs to be fought.
"We found that this is happening in progeria cells, and it is contributing to cellular decline."
After demonstrating that progerin elicits replication stress and nuclease-mediated degradation of newly replicated DNA, and that it activates an interferon pathway, the team wanted to see if they could reverse these problems. They found that when they used compounds, including vitamin D, to reduce replication stress and interferon response, cellular fitness improved.
"When we block this pathway with vitamin D, it rejuvenates the cells," Gonzalo said. "The immune response is activated by progerin and then it is brought back down by vitamin D.
"We saw that vitamin D reduces significantly the toxicity of progerin in cells from HGPS kids."
Gonzalo hopes that their research not only will help in the eventual development of new therapies for those with HGPS, but that it also will explain many of the processes that underlie normal human aging.
###
Other authors on the study include Ray Kreienkamp, Simona Graziano, Nuria Coll-Bonfill, Gonzalo Bedia-Diaz, Emily Cybulla, Alessandro Vindigni, Dale Dorsett, Nard Kubben and Luis Francisco Zirnberger Batista.
Saint Louis University School of Medicine
Established in 1836, Saint Louis University School of Medicine has the distinction of awarding the first medical degree west of the Mississippi River. The school educates physicians and biomedical scientists, conducts medical research, and provides health care on a local, national and international level. Research at the school seeks new cures and treatments in five key areas: cancer, liver disease, heart/lung disease, aging and brain disease, and infectious diseases.
Employers and insurers that object to covering contraceptives based on religious beliefs and moral convictions can be exempt from the Obamacare requirement to cover contraceptives, the Department of Health and Human Services announced Friday.
HHS is basing the change on new guidance Attorney General Jeff Sessions' Justice Department issued Friday, CBS News' Paula Reid reports. The DOJ guidance offers a different interpretation of the Obamacare birth control mandate under current law. The religious exemption to the Obamacare birth control mandate is a part of the executive order President Trump previously issued on religious freedom. The shift is prompted by 50 lawsuits filed by groups challenging the Obamacare coverage requirement, according to senior HHS officials.
The exemption will include all entities that are already exempt from the birth control mandate, but will also entail any nonprofit groups that have a religious or moral objection to contraception coverage. For-profit groups that are not publicly traded will also be able to be exempt for religious reasons. Insurance companies with a religious affiliation are also exempt from the birth control mandate.
The move was not an unexpected one. The Trump administration was reportedly planning to roll back the birth control mandate.
As HHS announces this change, it does so without a permanent head. Former HHS Secretary Tom Price resigned last week, amid criticism over their extensive use of private charter and military planes.
Democrats were quick to condemn the announcement on social media.
Women across the country will suffer because of this decision. This shouldn't have been up for debate in the first place. We'll fight back. https://t.co/XcIwzieC3z — Kirsten Gillibrand (@SenGillibrand) October 6, 2017
Free birth control reduces abortions. Trump administration taking away free birth control. How does this make sense? https://t.co/9OsVG0ZFfO — Barbara Boxer (@BarbaraBoxer) October 6, 2017
Republicans for months attempted to repeal and replace Obamacare, which would have almost certainly included the elimination of the birth control coverage rule, but those attempts all failed, leaving Obamacare as the law of the land for the foreseeable future.
© 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
A TRANSPORT company has been ordered to pay more than $63,000 in fines and court costs after a worker's hand was crushed between two containers that were being moved with a forklift in WA's south.
Mineral Trans WA pleaded guilty in Esperance Magistrates Court to failing to provide and maintain a safe workplace, and by that failure, caused serious harm to an employee.
The company also admitted allowing an employee to operate a forklift without the appropriate licence.
StampNews.com is excited to let our readers know that Royal Mail issued the fourth set of six stamps in its series marking the centenary of each year of the First World War.
The imagery on the stamps features historic memorials and artefacts that have become synonymous with the conflict, portraits of some of the participants, art showing some now famous and moving scenes, poems composed during the war and newly-commissioned artworks of poppies – the symbol of Remembrance.
The stamps illustrate: how artists, including writers and painters, interpreted the events, the role of non-combatants and civilians, the role of the Services, the role of women, the contribution of the Commonwealth.
These themes combine to form a beautiful and poignant collection which serves as a fitting way to mark this tragic conflict.
Shattered Poppy is by photographer John Ross. Using a microscope in their work, Ross manages to reveal aspects of subjects not normally visible.
An extract from the poem, ‘Dead Man's Dump', by British painter and poet, Isaac Rosenberg also features. The poem graphically depicts the horrors of the war. Rosenberg themselves died on 1 April 1918, during the German spring offensive.
Also included in the set is an image of nurses Elsie Knocker and Mairi Chisholm who travelled to Belgium to join a small ambulance corps where they worked transporting casualties to base hospital. They established a front-line first-aid post at Pervyse in Belgium where they would eventually treat 23,000 casualties. In 1917 they were awarded the Military Medal.
Also featured is an image of a war ship with its hull painted in a geometric, abstract style. The design was created by British painter Edward Wadsworth, who was engaged to create ‘dazzle camouflage' patterns for British ships, which were intended to confuse attacking German U-boats.
To mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of Passchendaele, which commenced on 31 July 1917, a stamp features an image of the Tyne Cot Cemetery in Belgium, where fallen soldiers from the battle were buried. Designed by Sir Herbert Baker, a total of 11,961 Commonwealth servicemen of the First World War are buried or commemorated there.
Private Lemuel Thomas Rees' life-saving Bible was specially photographed for the stamp issue. During the Battle of Passchendaele, an exploding German shell landed close by, and although Rees was hit, they were saved by the small Bible that they kept in their breast pocket. Rees was conscripted into the 6th Battalion in 1917.
Philip Parker, Royal Mail, commented: “The First World War claimed millions of lives, changed the course of history and transformed the futures of the generations that followed. We are proud to present the fourth part of our commemorative programme marking the contribution and sacrifice of those who took part.”
LIZ Hurley takes their bikini prowess to new levels as they sprawl out in a bright pink two-piece for their latest Instagram portrait.
The 53-year-old actor looked incredible in the pic, which highlighted their slender figure, following their celebration over reaching 100k followers on the social media app, reports The Sun .
Liz, who is mum to 15-year-old Damian, was promoting their new swimwear line in the snap — tagging the brand name, Elizabeth Hurley Beach.
The halter-neck pink number is named Isla and is one of dozens Liz has posed in on their feed lately, to the delight of fans round the globe.
The star of The Royals has stepped back into the public eye this year and they recently attended the Cairo Film Festival.
They also stood shoulder to shoulder with Nicole Scherzinger in eye-popping outfits while serving food at a London gala.
However, following rumours they had got close with their ex Hugh Grant again — as they are a mentor to their son — they have declared that she's given up on dating as they have no time.
Asked whether they ever went on romantic evening outings, they confessed: “When I'm filming, I don't go out at all.
“Not at all. I walk in the door and go straight to bed.”
But the star noted they find it easy to remain friend with their exes such as actor Hugh Grant, former cricketer Shane Warne and Indian textiles heir Arun despite their failed relationships.
They continued: “The thing is if someone's lovely how could you not be on good terms with them? None of us has ever done anything bad to one another.
Camera Icon British actor Liz Hurley says they don't go out at all when she's filming. Picture: AFP Picture: AFP
“Hugh and Arun are very important in our lives. Shane is still a good friend; we were texting each other last night.”
They added: “Damian loves Shane's three kids, so we'll always be connected to each other in one way or another.”
And Liz has literally hundreds of thousands of avid online fans, which they celebrated earlier this month in an ecstatic Instagram post.
After hitting 100k followers, they wrote: “Yay! Thank you.
“Lots more new pictures and videos coming your way,” they wrote in the caption.
This story first appeared in The Sun .
TACOMA, Wash. — Pierce County sheriff's detectives are asking for your help to identify a woman with bright blonde hair who stole more than $1,000 worth of lumber from a new home construction site in Frederickson.
“Lumber theft has been on the rise in Pierce County,” said Detective Ed Troyer.
Sometime between 4 a.m. and 6 a.m. on June 8, a woman was caught on a surveillance camera in the 3800 block of 186th Street Ct. E. taking 61 2″x4″x9′ boards, 15 4'x8′ OSB plywood, 72 2″x4″x8′ boards, and 42 4'x8'x3/4″ T&C plywood.
They were driving a white Chevy Express towing a large black construction trailer.
“In this particular case, we have a really good description of a van and a very unique trailer and people are taking thousands of dollars worth of lumber, so this is going to stick out, so these photos are hopefully what's going to put an end to these lumber thefts,” said Troyer.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The license plate was not clear enough to make out on the video.
Terry Folden, general manager of Presidential Homes, said, "The big thing is to get it out to the community. If you're driving by a development where they're building new houses and you see anybody loading up anything -- lumber, appliances, it doesn't matter what it is -- call 911. It's theft. No builder brings anything onto their site for anybody to take it."
Detectives with the Pierce County Proactive Property Crimes Unit are encouraging people to mark any lumber they purchase with something unique like a small symbol or with bright paint so it can be identified if they recover it later. A little crime prevention goes a long way and it could help them get enough evidence to make an arrest.
If you know who the woman is, call Crime Stoppers of Tacoma-Pierce County at 1-800-222-TIPS. There is a cash reward of up to $1,000.
Channing and Jenna Dewan Tatum might have a future makeup artist on their hands.
The couple let their faces be the creative canvas for their 4½-year-old daughter Everly on Sunday, showing off their makeovers on Instagram.
Everly went with a white base and a black mustache on their dad's face. Dewan Tatum got a more colorful job, with purple makeup surrounding their eyes and covering most of their forehead and cheeks.
“This is what it looks like when a little tyrant fairy artist holds you down and makes your face look ‘better,' ” Tatum, 37, captioned a selfie of the parents' finished looks.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED: Jenna Dewan Tatum: Channing Prefers Me Without Makeup – but Daughter Everly Loves to “Freestyle” on My Face!
Dewan Tatum, also 37, shared a little more insight into the cute moment, posting a photo of Tatum snoozing on their Instagram story.
“When you fall asleep around a toddler,” they captioned the silly shot before taking a solo selfie of their own look.
The makeup fun came after Dewan Tatum shared a short video of their husband playing with their daughter in the pool.
Channing Tatum Jenna Dewan/Instagram
Jenna Dewan Tatum Jenna Dewan/Instagram
Channing Tatum and daughter Everly Jenna Dewan/Instagram
RELATED: Jenna Dewan Tatum Hasn't Decided If She's Having More Kids: “I'll Know When I Know”
This isn't the first time Everly has honed their skills with their parents as models. Back in September, Dewan Tatum shared a photo of themselves donning colorful face paint and gave credit to their daughter.
“Evie just might take over the beauty industry one day,” they captioned the shot. “Her finest work I dare say.”
For more coverage, follow our babies magazine on Flipboard.
The World of Dance host previously told PEOPLE that Everly already has a “funky” fashion sense.
“She has got the most unique style. The girl picks out their clothes every single morning,” they said at December's Gilt.com launch of their exclusive jewelry collaboration with their longtime friend Jennifer Meyer, benefiting Baby2Baby.
Added Dewan Tatum of their daughter, “She is so funky. We went an entire year where they only wore purple, but now we're more into anything that has glitter.”
FIREFIGHTERS are battling a Northern California bushfire that's threatening nearly 1,400 buildings, and they are hoping to take advantage of slightly cooler weather to tackle the flames — although wind and dry vegetation could still fuel the blaze.
Fire spokesperson Israel Pinzon says that roughly 2,500 people had been forced from their homes.
Camera Icon Firefighters have been using aircraft, bulldozers and backfires to kerb the blaze burning in California. Picture: AP, Randall Benton/The Sacramento Bee/AP
Pinzon says officials lifted some mandatory evacuations on Tuesday night, though they didn't know how many people were allowed to return home.
The fire has burned through about 334 square kilometres in rural areas northwest of Sacramento.
The fire is about 25 per cent contained with no structures yet damaged or destroyed.
The Northern California bushfire is just one of several massive fires burning in the Western United States and putting some Fourth of July plans on hold.
Camera Icon Californian authorities have issued red flag warnings and evacuation orders after numerous bushfires ripped through thousands of acres. Picture: AFP, AFP Photo
Officials have ordered more Utah residents to evacuate their homes as crews struggled to gain control over a bushfire burning near a popular fishing reservoir.
The fire has grown to 160 square kilometres over three days amid high wind gusts, steep terrain and extremely dry conditions.
It has destroyed about 30 structures and led officials to evacuate several hundred homes and cabins in the area about two hours southeast of Salt Lake City.
Camera Icon Bushfires are roaring across at least four states in America's West, as firefighters struggle to contain them. Picture: AFP, AFP Photo
Officials on Wednesday didn't have an updated count of buildings evacuated or destroyed. But they extended evacuations to an area dotted with trees and cabins stretching about 32 kilometres.
Officials believe ithe blaze was human-caused but are still investigating how it started.
A southern Colorado bushfire that has destroyed more than 100 homes is still growing.
Officials said on Wednesday that the fire has burned 381 square kilometres since it began on June 27.
Officials estimated that the fire about 330 kilometres southwest of Denver is still just 5 per cent contained.
News Desk
DUBAI: The Green Organization has named Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) a winner of the Green World Award 2016, the most prestigious award in energy management in public and private sectors awarded by The Green Organization. To this effect, a recognition event has recently taken place in the South Korean's city of Bouchon to honor the winners of the awards where RTA has competed in the Best Energy Management Practices category. The Green Organization is an independent, non-profit organization that honors the best practices in environment and energy conservation.
They Mattar Al Tayer, Director-General and Chairman of the Board of Executive Directors of RTA expressed pride and honor while accepting the trophy from Nasser Bu Shehab, CEO of RTA's Strategy and Corporate Governance Sector cum Chair of RTA's Energy and Green Economy Committee.
“Winning the highest accolade of the Green Organization awards signals RTA's continuous efforts to adopt the best practices in green economy guided by the plan of Dubai emirate and the UAE in this regard, besides consulting and sharing information in public transport and project management industries among others. RTA's practices come in implementation of the initiative launched by Their Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President, Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai in 2012 under the theme ‘Green Economy for Sustainable Development.' The initiative consists of six themes: green energy, government policies, green city, handling the impact of climate change, green life, and green technology,” commented They Mattar Al Tayer.
“The trophy won by RTA and received by Amir Saleem, Director of Safety, Risk, Regulation and Planning at Strategy and Corporate Governance Sector in Bouchon, South Korea, is a source of pride for all of us,” said Nasser BuShehab. “RTA has deservedly been named the ‘Champion of Champions' by winning the most coveted award of the Green Organization. It reflects RTA's prestigious ranking globally in energy management and green economy practices. The RTA's file submitted to the jury panel included the formidable efforts made by RTA in vital fields such as energy management and green economy, in keeping with the best practices in Dubai, UAE and the world over.
“Since inception, RTA has been making relentless efforts to conserve energy and natural resources. It has played a pioneering role in introducing energy management system in all projects and operations. In 2013, RTA efforts had been rewarded by obtaining ISO 50001 certification as the first government entity to attain this accreditation in the region,” said Bu BuShehab.
“RTA has charted out a comprehensive structure for Green Economy, rendering it the first government entity to accomplish this project in the region, which emulates RTA's strategic drive to promote this global concept. It has developed specialist strategies for energy and green economy aligned with the local, federal and global strategies in this regard.
“Over the past three years, RTA has completed 45 projects and initiatives relating to energy & green economy, and established the Green Economy Section under direct supervisions of RTA's Safety, Risk, Regulation, and Planning Department, as a reference for documenting all green projects and initiatives across RTA. It has stipulated a plan to transform 50% of taxicabs into hybrid vehicles by 2020 and embarked on a trial project for converting streetlights into LED lights. Projects unleashed by RTA include starting the trial operation of Electric Bus and CNG-Powered Bus, measuring vehicles carbon footprint in Dubai, starting the operation of electric & solar-powered abras, and planning for obtaining LEED certificate for Route 2020 Project,” they added.
BOOKED: Lanie Sturn on Ellinwood Municipal Court warrant for contempt of court, no bond.
BOOKED: Zachariah Dittrick of Great Bend on Barton County District Court case for aggravated domestic battery, bond set at $20,000 C/S. BCDC warrant for probation violation, bond set at $1,118 cash only. BCDC warrant for probation violation, bond set at $1,013 cash only.
BOOKED: Craig Gowdy of Great Bend on GBMC case for DWS, bond set at $500 C/S.
BOOKED: Gordon Hicks of Hoisington on HMC warrant for FTA, bond is set in the amount of $215 cash only.
BOOKED: Steven Fortner of Great Bend on GBMC case for DWS, expired insurance, no tag light, bond set in lieu of $500 C/S.
RELEASED: Jeffrey Rankin of Great Bend to KDOC.
RELEASED: Ryan Tallman to Newton on their warrant for FTA.
RELEASED: Monica Murray to Russell County for their warrant.
RELEASED: Savanna Bradshaw on Barton County District warrant, released to corrections and received a $10,000 OR on the other warrant.
RELEASED: Craig Gowdy of Great Bend posted a $500 surety bond through Dyn-O-Mite Bail Bonding on GBMC case for DWS.
Gardai have reported a 48% increase in the number of people arrested for driving under the influence during the four day Easter Holiday break.
According to figures reported on the Garda official Twitter feed 185 people were arrested between Good Friday and Easter Monday.
This was an increase of 48% on figures for the Easter period last year when 125 people were arrested nationally.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Leslie Jones‘ trainer is still pushing them to the limit!
The Saturday Night Live star, 47, put in two tough workouts over the weekend with their trainer, Thaddeus Harvey.
Jones shared photos and videos on Instagram from their sweaty time in the gym, which focused on “arms arms arms!”
“Getting them arm yo!!!” they wrote, along with a video of them doing seated arm rows.
Jones revealed in July that they dropped 40 lbs. in a year thanks to their hard workouts and a lighter diet — plus a little nudge from two people.
“The first thing is for your doctor to tell you that you need to lose 40 lbs.,” they said on Live with Kelly. “I got rid of soda and juice, that was the first thing I did. That literally was 20 lbs. right there.”
Here we go…. @trainwiththaddeus A post shared by Leslie Jones (@lesdogggg) on Apr 13, 2017 at 11:00am PDT
Getting them arm yo!!! @trainwiththaddeus A post shared by Leslie Jones (@lesdogggg) on Apr 13, 2017 at 12:44pm PDT
RELATED VIDEO: Funniest Confessions Ever! Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon Talk Cat Hair, Naked Binge-Watching and ‘Fashion Sweats'
Them interest in keeping up the health kick-started to wane, but Jones' SNL and Ghostbusters costar Kate McKinnon pushed them to lose the other 20 lbs.
Arm arms arms! @trainwiththaddeus A post shared by Leslie Jones (@lesdogggg) on Apr 13, 2017 at 12:45pm PDT
Especially on Friday. @trainwiththaddeus A post shared by Leslie Jones (@lesdogggg) on Apr 14, 2017 at 11:03am PDT
“Every time we went to dinner they would make me walk to dinner, we would walk after dinner,” Jones said. “And then it just started becoming — I would work out, I would do yoga, I really tried to watch what I eat. It's not always easy because I do have a sweet tooth that's a killer. But I do they best that I can.”
May 2 Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp:
* Q1 earnings per share $0.23
* Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp - on May 1, company entered into a $500 million second amended and restated master repurchase and securities contract
* Ares Commercial Real Estate- Wells Fargo facility amends, restates, and replaces in its entirety, existing $325 million repurchase facility with wells fargo
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.25 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp - declared q2 2017 dividend of $0.27 per common share Source text - bit.ly/2qzyds4 Further company coverage:
The Turkish navy ship Barbaros has anchored in Famagusta port, media in the north reported on Tuesday.
Turkish Cypriot daily Haberal Kibrisli said the Barbaros anchored on Monday in the port of Famagusta.
According to a statement issued by the Turkish Cypriot ‘security forces' the frigate would open on Tuesday until December 1 for public visits.
The public, the statement said, may visit the boat from 10am to 4pm daily.
MADRID, April 28 Spain's Banco Sabadell on Friday posted a 14 percent fall in first-quarter net profit due to higher loan loss provisions.
Spain's fifth largest bank recorded net profit for the first three months of the year of 216 million euros ($235.05 million), above the average of analysts' forecasts in a Reuters poll of 203 million euros.
Sabadell, which makes around a quarter of its profits in Britain after it bought lender TSB in 2015, booked provisions of 511 million euros in the first quarter, compared to 435 million euros in the same period a year ago.
Net interest income, a measure of earnings on loans minus deposit costs, was 962 million euros, down 1.2 percent from a year ago, mirroring pressure on margins experienced by other Spanish banks such as BBVA
Analysts had expected NII to come in at about 954 million euros.
Sabadell said in February it expected a return to profit growth in 2017 after earnings stalled last year. ($1 = 0.9194 euros) (Reporting By Jesús Aguado and Angus Berwick)
The discovery of two World War II-era bombs in Hong Kong's Wan Chai district in the past week has raised interest in the city's largely forgotten wartime history, which saw a blitzkrieg campaign to take the then-British colony, leading to more than three years of Japanese occupation.
Scroll for more content...
Held by the Japanese from late 1941 until the end of the World War II, the city was often the target of US Army Air Corps, and later Navy bombers, intent on disrupting Japanese shipping in the Pacific theater.
Japanese military installations and supply ships clustered around the city's Victoria Harbour were a target of heavy US Navy bombing, Chi Man Kwong, an assistant professor at Hong Kong Baptist University said.
The bombs discovered this week would have fallen into the harbor and have only been unearthed with land reclamation and construction work, they said.
Hong Kong Police bomb disposal officer Alick McWhirter confirmed the newly found bombs were of US design.
'Massive air battle'
According to US military archives, the US Army Air Corps began bombing Hong Kong when it was under Japanese occupation in the fall of 1942, striking the city dozens of times.
Most of those air raids were carried out by B-24 and B-25 bombers, the former of which could carry up to 8,000 pounds of bombs.
By 1945 occasional sorties by pairs of dive bombers had developed into a more concentrated campaign, David Macri, a historical researcher and academic based in Hong Kong said.
"Hong Kong was a safe harbor, protected by anti-aircraft guns, where Japanese ships could get respite but that also made it a big target," they told CNN.
"In mid-January 1945 there was a massive air battle over Hong Kong, (American aviators) were trying to sink as many ships as they could, and that's probably where this (recently discovered) ordnance would have come from."
Forgotten history
The unearthed US ordnance has put a spotlight on an often-overlooked part of the city's history.
Among the forests and walking trails that criss-cross the hills surrounding Hong Kong, lie the almost-forgotten remains of the city's wartime history. A series of pitted concrete pillboxes and bunkers, the city's wartime defenses sit neglected in amongst the trees and vines.
They are among the last vestiges of a relatively unknown chapter of World War II, a short-lived battle for a territory which, while important to British interests in Asia, ended up being quickly ceded to the Japanese by the UK military leadership.
Despite Hong Kong's perceived importance to British interests in Asia, the city fell quickly as the Allied defenders were vastly outnumbered by Japanese troops.
Britain's wartime ruler, Winston Churchill, was dismissive of Allied prospects from holding onto the vital port.
"There is not the slightest chance of holding Hong Kong or relieving it," they said in January 1941.
Early-morning attack
The Japanese invasion began in the early hours of December 8, 1941, shortly after Japanese navy launched its attack on Pearl Harbor. It was part of a multi-pronged offensive which also saw Japan, on the same day, invade Hong Kong, Guam, the Wake Islands and British Malaya, including Singapore.
Japanese troops, mainly infantrymen, marched across the Lo Wu crossing linking Hong Kong with mainland China early that morning, supported by heavy artillery barrages.
But the efforts of the around 12,000-strong Allied contingent, including relatively inexperienced troops from Canada, and more battle-hardened British and Indian soldiers, alongside local troops and volunteer units stationed in the British territory was a doomed attempt to protect the city.
Within two days, Allied troops had been pushed back from the Kowloon peninsula to Hong Kong island as the defenses strung across the border with mainland China -- known as the "Gin Drinker's Line," harkening back to happier times when families would picnic in the hills -- were overrun by vastly superior Japanese numbers and firepower.
An American officer who was caught up in Hong Kong during those fateful weeks and later repatriated as diplomatic staff reported that the defense was ineffective, but that there no shortage of bravery from the troops, says Macri.
"They really went out and did what they could. It was a smaller garrison, 12-14,000 troops, similar (in size) to a division but an ad hoc group," Macri said.
"They were faced with a hopeless task but did a good job -- as much as could be expected. They put up a good fight."
Short-lived defense
Hong Kong fell after just over two weeks of frenzied fighting between Japanese invaders and the Allied defenders, according to archives from the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.
The Royal Air Force's minimal presence -- three outdated biplanes and a couple of seaplanes -- were destroyed in a bombing raid on the Kai Tak airfield before they could even take off.
From the island, Allied troops managed to keep the Japanese at bay for a few days before they managed to cross the harbor.
When they finally crossed, in the eastern part of the island, the Allies mounted a spirited, but ultimately fruitless defense, including street fighting -- two famous lion statues outside the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporations headquarters still bear the pockmarked bullet scars of the fighting -- and battles on the island's forested hillsides.
By December 25 1941, the city had fallen and surrender to the Japanese forces ceded, with the governor general of Hong Kong, Sir Mark Young, signing the surrender at the Peninsula Hotel on what became known as "Black Christmas."
During the 18-day battle, 10% of its defenders lost their lives; a further 20% died in Japanese POW camps in the ensuing years. As many as 4,000 civilians also lost their lives.
Brutal occupation
There was an organized -- but "amateurish," according to Kwong -- resistance to the Japanese occupation, which continued until the Japanese surrender at the end of the war in August 1945.
During the three-plus years of Japanese rule, numerous atrocities were reportedly committed by Japanese troops, including civilian rapes and murders, and the execution of surrendered soldiers.
Nurses working at a field hospital were also massacred, just a day before the armistice was signed. An estimated 10,000 civilians died as a result of the occupation, mostly from malnutrition and Allied bombing, Kwong said.
It wasn't until the weeks following V-J Day, in August 1945, that the city was returned to British rule.
With Japan's surrender, Hong Kong's citizens would have breathed a sigh at relief from the US air raids -- bombs from which sometimes went astray, endangering residents -- although their legacy continues to surface to this day.
April 20 EFFNETPLATTFORMEN DIVIDEND AB
* EFFNETPLATFORMEN VENTURES 2 AB (EPV2), FORMER SUBSIDIARY, AGREED WITH MAIN OWNERS OF GOLDBLUE PLC TO ACQUIRE COMPANY WITH PAYMENT IN FORM OF SHARES
* AFTER ACQUISITION EPV2 INTENDS TO CHANGE NAME TO GOLDBLUE AB (PUBL) AND LIST ON FIRST NORTH UNDER Q2-Q3
* AFTER ACQUISITION EPV2 OWNERS WILL OWN ABOUT 5 PERCENT OF SHARES IN NEW GOLDBLUE Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
The true story behind Ben Affleck's mysterious back tattoo is coming to light.
Nearly two years after claiming the enormous ink was fake and something they only got “for a movie,” the Justice League star, 45, was recently spotted showing off the art while shirtless in Hawaii.
The piece, a colorful image of a phoenix rising from the ashes, covers Affleck's back entire back from their waist to their shoulders.
A source previously told PEOPLE that they had the tattoo done after their split from Jennifer Garner in 2015 while they were still living in a guest house on the family's Los Angeles compound.
RELATED VIDEO: Jennifer Garner Breaks Silence About Ben Affleck Split and Alleged Nanny Affair
“They had a huge tattoo machine at the house for days,” the source said. “It took hours and hours to finish.”
Although the public got its first glimpse of Affleck's tattoo in the summer of 2015, it wasn't seen in full until December of that year while the actor was filming Live by Night.
While at the time PEOPLE reported the inking was the real deal, in March 2016 Affleck claimed it was just temporary.
“[It's] fake for a movie,” Affleck told Extra's Mario Lopez. “I actually do have a number of tattoos but I try to have them in places where you don't have to do a lot of cover up they get sort of addictive, tattoos, after awhile.”
Affleck's denial didn't stop their exes from speaking out. In a 2016 interview with Vanity Fair, Garner hinted they aren't the biggest fan of their ex's back tattoo.
Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck. David Fisher/Rex USA
“You know what we would say in my hometown about that? ‘Bless their heart,'” they told the publication.
“A phoenix rising from the ashes. Am I the ashes in this scenario? I take umbrage,” they added. “I refuse to be the ashes.”
Even more bluntly, Jennifer Lopez — who was previously engaged to the actor — said the tattoo was “awful.”
“It's awful! What are you doing?” Lopez told Andy Cohen during the “Plead the Fifth” segment on Watch What Happens Live.
Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck. Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
“His tattoos always have too many colors, they shouldn't be so colorful. They should be cooler,” they added.
The phoenix tattoo reared its head again recently when the actor was photographed during a training session alongside Charlie Hunnam, Oscar Isaac and Garrett Hedlund as they prepared for their upcoming film Triple Frontier.
In addition to the back ink, Affleck also has a dolphin on their right hip covering up the name of their high school sweetheart, and has been seen with barbed wire across their right bicep, a large design featuring a fish and a skull and crossbones on their right arm and some initials inscribed on their shoulder blade.
Iraqis, mostly supporters of prominent cleric Moqtada Sadr, take part in a mock funeral procession in Baghdad on Tuesday, to pay their respects to seven people killed last week during a protest for electoral reform (AFP photo)
BAGHDAD — Thousands of Iraqis, mostly supporters of prominent cleric Moqtada Sadr, gathered in Baghdad Tuesday to pay their respects to seven people killed last week during a protest for electoral reform.
Wearing black and waving Iraqi flags, the crowd laid flowers on mock coffins during a large but peaceful ceremony in the Iraqi capital's Tahrir Square, where Saturday's deadly rally also took place.
"What happened was a tragedy but it was for the country and for the fight against corruption," said Gailan Kadhem, a 22-year-old man.
On February 11, thousands of Sadr supporters and other Iraqis staged a demonstration demanding the country's election commissioners be replaced and the electoral law overhauled.
The protest turned violent when some demonstrators tried to force their way through a security cordon to head to the seat of the electoral commission in the heavily fortified Green Zone.
Sadr supporters had already broken into the Green Zone twice last year — storming parliament and the prime minister's office — and police met Saturday's protesters with rubber-coated bullets and tear gas.
According to Ibrahim Al Jaberi, a senior Baghdad official in the movement of the Najaf-based Sadr, seven demonstrators were killed in the chaos.
Hospital sources told AFP that they had confirmed a death toll of eight following the protest, the deadliest of its kind in years.
“In other countries in the world, the security forces use water cannons to deal with demonstrators when they need to,” said Jaberi. “In Iraq, it's bullets. That's why we had a large number of martyrs.”
“They are dead but our demands are still alive,” they said.
The wave of anti-corruption protests Sadr's movement led last year was halted when Iraqi forces launched an offensive to retake Mosul from the Daesh group in their largest military operation in years.
UN warning
But the political agenda came back to the fore when Prime Minister Haider Al Abadi's Cabinet announced last month that provincial elections would take place in September.
Demonstrators have argued that the Independent High Electoral Commission (IHEC) was anything but independent and that all of its members were affiliated to dominant political parties.
They also want a change in the electoral law, which favours those same parties over smaller ones.
The United Nations secretary general's representative in Iraq, Jan Kubis, on Tuesday warned against any threats to the electoral commission's members but called for swift electoral change.
Until it is replaced, the commission “must be enabled and empowered to fulfil its constitutional mandate free from interference and intimidation”, they said in a statement.
They urged parliament to “finalise the ongoing review” of the election law and the electoral commission.
Kubis said that would follow the “principles of democracy and the rule of law when responding to the wishes of many Iraqis to introduce a profound reform of electoral process and institutions”.
More protests are planned but Haidar Al Halfi, from Sadr's office, said the influential cleric had given orders to ensure all gatherings remained peaceful.
On Saturday, after a peaceful start to the rally, the protesters received a de facto green light to escalate the situation in the shape of a statement from Sadr saying that those who wanted to move towards the Green Zone could do so.
(ABC NEWS)- It's been almost three months since homeless tents began to crop up on the streets surrounding Seattle's famous Space Needle, but now teams of city employees have begun clearing out the encampments near the tourist attraction today, after a homeless man recently attacked a tourist visiting the site.
It wasn't the first such incident this summer.
Earlier in June a family from Arizona was attacked by a man with a rope from one of Seattle's homeless camps as they stepped out of their car which was parked near a large group of tents. The homeless man had a rope and tried to strangle and punch a father after reports said the man confused one of the family members with TV star Ellen Degeneres.
Mayor Jenny Durkan has endorsed numerous plans in the past to help aid the homeless through city funding, starting with the new company ‘head tax' passed in May which will raise $48 million per year for homeless funding.
But until that begins, Seattle is testing out other ideas, such as using tax payer money to purchase airfare for homeless people looking to stay with family in other places.
Last week, two people at the camp accepted plane tickets to Kansas to stay with friends in a more stable housing situation using the taxpayers' money.
Now Durkan is willing to dig deeper than just covering homeless people's airfare.  They are now proposing paying two months rent or even paying car repairs in order to keep people off the city's streets or give them opportunities to relocate.
Durken has described their plan of action as a diversion service.
It “offers people experiencing homelessness one-time financial assistance or services to bypass shelters and move directly to housing,” Durken's spokesperson Kamaria Hightower told ABC News.
“Diversion is offered to people who are homeless but have not yet or have just entered the shelter system,” they said. “These programs offer financial assistance and/or case management to find creative solutions to the difficulties a person faces. Diversion can help people reunite with family, mediate with a landlord, or pay rent for a short time.”
The theory behind the plan is that paying a little money up-front could prevent the poor from slipping into homelessness – which would end up costing tax payers more down the line.
“The Human Services Department recently presented its results from the first quarter under the new accountability system, and in the first quarter of 2018, the one time services moved 221 people into permanent housing from homelessness,” Hightower said.
Terry Pallas, chief program officer at Seattle's Union Gospel Mission said that although a plane ticket or a fixed car can temporarily help, these homeless people often benefit from a more relational approach.
“Navigating the range of issues [that] homeless individuals face is complicated,” Pallas said.
“Our dedicated teams are out on the streets daily, working on a one-on-one basis to learn each person's story and the root issues that led to their homelessness. The vast majority need personalized care to address their root causes of homelessness such as addiction, mental health challenges, broken relationships, trauma, and more.”
Today, students at St. Patrick Catholic High got an eye-opening reminder about the dangers of social media.
Desirae Duncan has the story.
A bus carrying prisoners was making its way through central Georgia when two inmates stormed the driver's compartment. They overpowered and disarmed two corrections officers, fatally shot them, and vanished.
Prisoners Donnie Russell Rowe and Ricky Dubose were on a state corrections bus with 31 other inmates Tuesday morning when the pair got out of a locked rear section of the bus, officials said.
They disarmed Officers Christopher Monica and Curtis Billue while the bus was on State Route 16 between Eatonton and Sparta.
At least one of the prisoners shot and killed the officers, according to Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills, and then the two disappeared.
As of early Wednesday, they'd been on the run for almost 24 hours.
Who pulled the trigger?
Investigators will analyze footage from video cameras on the bus to determine how they got free and who pulled the trigger, the sheriff said. But as long as the suspects are still on the loose, they called the matter of who opened fire “immaterial” for now.
“They are dangerous beyond description,” Sills told reporters Tuesday. “They need to surrender before we find them.”
Sills said later the duo had ransacked a nearby house, took some food and may have stolen some clothes.
The sheriff said there was no reason to believe the two have split up and gone their separate ways.
‘I have their blood on my shoes'
After the shooting, the two prisoners carjacked a green 2004 four-door Honda Civic with Georgia license plate RBJ6601. After forcing the driver out, they drove west toward Eatonton, Sills said. Dubose had a prior arrest in the area but no family connections, the sheriff said.
The corrections officers were transporting the inmates from Hancock State Prison in adjacent Hancock County to the Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Prison, some 45 miles west of Eatonton, Georgia Department of Corrections Commissioner Greg Dozier said.
The other prisoners were still on the bus, with the doors closed, when authorities arrived at the scene, they said.
The sheriff was emotional as they recounted what they saw when they got there.
“I saw two brutally murdered corrections officers, that's what I saw,” Sills said. “I have their blood on my shoes.”
Sills are asked about reports that one of the prisoners was connected to a gang.
“I don't care if they're members of the First Presbyterian Church. They murdered two correctional officers,” the sheriff said.
Reward offered
Gov. Nathan Deal said the state will use all available resources to track down the fugitives.
“Today, two families lost everything in a heinous and senseless act of violence perpetrated at the hands of cowards,” Deal said. “Our heartbreak is matched only in our resolve to bring their murderers to justice.”
The Georgia Bureau of Investigation is offering $70,000 for information leading to their arrest.
The sheriff of Oconee County, whose jurisdiction is north of where the killings occurred, posted a message for the escaped convicts on Facebook.
“Donnie and Ricky, I hope you are reading this. What is done. However, I am asking you to surrender yourselves to the nearest law enforcement officer as soon as possible. You made your escape, but you won't be out long. … There is no one you can trust … and nowhere you can go that we won't find you,” the sheriff wrote.
Bus was going from one prison to another
It is standard protocol to have two officers — armed but not wearing ballistic vests — transport prisoners on a bus, authorities said.
Monica, a sergeant, worked for the department for almost eight years and leaves a wife. Billue, a 10-year employee, is survived by their father, brother and sister, Dozier said.
Rowe was serving a sentence of up to life in prison for armed robbery and aggravated assault in a 2001 case, according to the Georgia Department of Corrections website.
Dubose was sentenced to up to 20 years in prison for armed robbery, aggravated assault and theft in 2014, the website shows. They also are convicted of theft and identity fraud in cases from August 2010.
The other prisoners on the bus were taken to the sheriff's office and put on another corrections department bus.
Eatonton, Putnam County's seat of government, is about 65 miles southeast of Atlanta.
The top crime fighter in Jackson County contends the best way to fight crime is to fight for early childhood education. Sheriff Mike Ezell contends Pre-K education will help guide children at an early age to learning right from wrong and that there is a better way than living a life of crime. We agree with the sheriff.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
In the cooperative EPSYLON research project funded by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research, scientists from Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz (JGU) and Evonik Performance Materials GmbH have succeeded in developing a state-of-the-art and innovative electro-organic synthesis. The results of their research, presented in last week's issue of Science Advances, allow the use of electrosynthesis as a trend-setting and sustainable green chemistry for technical applications. The method developed allows the operator to react flexibly to the available supply of electricity. Moreover, the operator no longer has to rely on customized electrolysis apparatuses and can use a wide variety of different equipment.
The method of carrying out chemical reactions using electricity was developed more than 160 years ago by German chemist Hermann Kolbe. Although electrochemical syntheses are used in the chemical industry, this has so far been a niche technology. One reason is that the electrolysis conditions must be very finely controlled and uniform current input is essential. Due to the sophisticated technical infrastructure, the option of electrosynthesis remained unknown to most chemists. Now, in the 21st century, the green potential of electrochemistry has been rediscovered. It makes sustainable and eco-friendly chemistry possible with very simple means, particularly with the use of surplus power from renewable sources, such as wind or solar energy.
Electrochemistry is a versatile and powerful method that can be used to produce various chemical compounds or to effect chemical changes in molecules. To put it simply, electrons replace costly and toxic reagents. Unnecessary wastes can be avoided and the reaction can be halted at any time by simply switching off the power. Another advantage over classical synthesis is that many individual steps are more easily implemented by electrochemistry. In some cases, this can shorten a synthesis by several steps. However, electrolyses often require a narrow current-density window and long reaction times. In addition, selectivity and scalability are more difficult or even impossible.
The key to the success of the research group headed by Professor Siegfried Waldvogel of the Institute of Organic Chemistry at Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz is the use of a unique electrolyte system. The electrolyses here have extremely high stability to variation in current density, allowing operation in a current-density window with a width extending over more than two orders of magnitude, with no loss of productivity or selectivity. If the supply of current permits, the electrolysis may be carried out in a short time with very high current density.
###
CTV Atlantic
Halifax Regional Police say the alleged robbery of a 16-year-old girl has led to human trafficking charges being laid against two men.
Police received a report of an armed robbery on Lakecrest Drive in Dartmouth shortly after 11 p.m. Wednesday.
Police say the teen was robbed of a sum of money and some personal items. The suspects fled the area in a van, but were later taken into custody in Bedford. Officers located an airsoft rifle in the van.
Investigators say no one was injured during the robbery, and the suspects and alleged victim were known to one another.
Police held three men and another 16-year-old girl in custody for questioning.
During their investigation, police determined two of the men had directed and influenced the alleged robbery victim for the purpose of prostitution.
Four people have been charged in connection with the alleged robbery, and two of the accused are also facing human trafficking charges.
Joshua Osborn Mabie, 19, of Dartmouth is facing charges of human trafficking of a person under the age of 18, material benefit from trafficking a person under the age of 18, procuring, advertising sexual services, robbery, using an imitation firearm in a commission of an offence, possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, and three counts of breaching a probation order.
Brandon David Smith, 30, of Lower Sackville is facing charges of human trafficking of a person under the age of 18, material benefit from trafficking a person under the age of 18, and two counts of breach of probation.
Dante Keenan Longard, 20, of Dartmouth has been charged with robbery, as well as two counts of breach of a recognizance, and breach of a probation order.
A 16-year-old girl from Halifax is facing charges of robbery, possession of property obtained by crime less than $5,000, breach of a recognizance, two counts of breach of a sentence order, and breach of a probation order.
Mabie, Smith and Longard were due to appear Friday in Dartmouth provincial court.
The teen was due to appear Friday in Halifax provincial youth court.
Paddle Play
Hemsworth and Pataky, who married in 2010 and have three children together, daughter, India Rose, 5, and twin sons, Tristan and Sasha, 3, worked a paddle boarding session into their weekend getaway. The resort also offers diving and snorkeling, fishing and cruises from which guests can explore the sights.
Watch the hearing live on Rappler at around 9:30 am Tuesday, August 15
Published 8:59 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The House of Representatives committee on human rights conducts a hearing on Tuesday, August 15.
Up for scrutiny is Representative Carlos Isagani Zarate's House Bill 1617, which seeks to define certain constitutional rights of defenders, and providing penalties for violators in the implementation of the 1998 United Nations Declaration on Human Rights Defenders.
Bills seeking to strengthen the Commission on Human Rights (CHR) will also be discussed in the hearing.
Watch the hearing live at around 9:30 am Tuesday, August 15. – Rappler.com
Dwayne Johnson is going to be a dad again — and it's another girl!
The 45-year-old star announced the happy news on Instagram by posting a photo of their daughter, Jasmine.
“Our Jasmine Lia would like to make a big announcement – IT'S A GIRL,” Johnson wrote. “[Girlfriend Lauren Hashian] and I are boundlessly grateful for this blessing as this spring we'll welcome our second baby.”
“Plus, Jazzy is excited to boss around and protect their lil' sis,” they continue. “And once again, big daddy is completely surrounded by beautiful estrogen and loving, powerful female mana.
The baby girl will be Johnson's third daughter.  They are already dad to 16-year-old Simone, their daughter with ex-wife Dany Garcia. Jasmine will turn 2 later this week.
RELATED: Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson's Daughter Simone Honored as First ‘Golden Globe Ambassador'
Unsurprisingly, the Jumanji star couldn't be more thrilled at their impending fatherhood.
“All girls. Only dude,” they write. “I wouldn't have it any other way.”
Stewart Garnett was born to an Indigenous mother in Winnipeg and put up for adoption by a family that raised them in Arkansas and California. They praised their adoptive parents as the "greatest family on the planet.
"But I had something on my back the whole time, which was this: the loss of culture, the loss of language. It's dragged with me my whole life," said Garnett, 43.
He's moved back to their birthplace in Winnipeg and attempted to connect with biological family, but said it's been "very turbulent."
"Sometimes the connections are challenging. Me being raised in the non-Indigenous world has been a big part of it," said Garnett, who was on Parliament Hill for the announcement.
Peter van Name, 46, was born in northern Alberta, and, within a few months, was adopted by a family in New Jersey.
It wasn't until they were in their early 20s that they truly became aware of their Indigenous roots. They had gone to a Philadelphia theatre to see a play about Native American history. People there mistook them for a fellow Indigenous cast member and told them to "hurry up and get backstage," they said with a laugh.
"That's where it started. The people took me in," they said.
They recalled their first trip to their birthplace after connecting with their mother, travelling from the urban sprawl of the Philadelphia area to the rural solitude of northern Alberta.
"It was such a cultural shock ... It was like taking a ride into the sticks," they said.
Marcia Brown Martel, lead plaintiff in the lawsuit, said they hoped the agreement would prevent such action from happening again.
"I have great hope that because we've reached this plateau, that this, again, will never, ever happen in Canada again," said Brown Martel, chief of the Beaverhouse First Nation in northern Ontario.
"We need our children back in our communities. We need to be together, every community. I don't care what part of the world you're from. You need to have the people, so that they can continue in tradition, culture, language, so these great things can be part of their lives," they said.
Bennett said the lessons of that "dark and painful chapter" decades ago must be remembered today, saying the child welfare system needs to be "totally" overhauled.
"Too many children are still being taken from their families,' Bennett said.
"We want that overhaul to happen, so that we have a system of the rights and well-being of Indigenous children and youth to be raised in their language and culture and not have this harm done that was done to these courageous people," they said.
Bennett was at a loss to explain what motivated child welfare officials in the 1960s to take the Indigenous children.
"I don't know what people were thinking. I don't know ... why settlers or government thought they could do a better job than the village," Bennett said.
For those taken from their parents, Friday's announcement was bittersweet, providing a measure of compensation but failing to make up for what was lost.
Meeches said the impact of children being taken from their biological families will be felt by generations of Indigenous people.
Taken from their mother within days of birth, they were ignorant of their own culture and today struggles to pass along Indigenous lessons to their own children and grandchildren.
"I don't know how I'm going to be able to help them learn their culture, because I wasn't raised that way," they said.
Meeches regrets that they only are able to reconnect with their biological mother just a few years before their death.
"That's another piece of my history, who I am, that I won't ever get," they said.
Toronto Star
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - Canada is preparing to impose new tariffs on US products if the Trump administration does not exempt the country from its new steel and aluminum tariffs, media reported.
Ottawa has listed US products it intends to impose tariffs on if the Trump administration decides not to exclude Canada from its new steel and aluminum tariffs, Global News reported on Wednesday citing two Canadian government officials.
© AP Photo / Mark Duncan Trump Extends Metal Tariff Talks With EU, Canada, Mexico for 30 Days
In March, the United States introduced a 25-percent tariff on imported steel and a 10-percent tariff on imported aluminum. A number of countries, including the European Union, were exempted first until May 1 and then for one more month until June 1.
The report said in the event the United States imposes new tariffs on Canada, Ottawa will not immediately impose new sanctions on US products. Instead, the Canadian government will make a public announcement that the government will act after a series of meetings based on available options it has.
Canadian officials have already held discussions of options in order to prepare for several possible outcomes, the report added.
TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) - Travis Air Force Base northeast of San Francisco is no longer on lockdown.
Earlier on Wednesday evening, the base was put under lockdown due to what the base called a security incident.
The base issued a security alert shortly after 3:30 p.m. Wednesday asking people to shelter in place and to lock doors and windows.
Per Public Affirs specialist Marie Lowe, ID of suspect is unknown. Situation is ongoing. There have been no reported injuries.#TravisAFB — Dianne Gallagher (@DianneG) June 14, 2017
KCRA in Sacramento and Dianne Gallagher with CNN say that a public affairs specialist has said that this is an active shooter situation, and the suspect is unknown. No injuries have been reported, CNN says.
Loudspeaker outside Travis Air Force Base: Real World...LockDown. pic.twitter.com/WALDZNTFPs — stevelarge (@largesteven) June 14, 2017
Marie Lowe, a civilian who answered the phone at the base's public affairs office, says details are sketchy and officials are investigating because they don't know exactly what is going on.
I'm at Travis Air Force Base right now. Here are some of the clips I have. My snapchat has updates : ZachPrusak pic.twitter.com/t3pbLKJPr5 — Zach Prusak (@ZachPrusak) June 14, 2017
Base officials asked on Facebook for the public to stay away to ensure emergency responders can do their work.
The lockdown comes on the same day that the base had been conducting security lockdown exercises, but officials say the incident is real and not part of the drill.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Chilean miner offers advice to trapped Thai soccer team
Photo: Dario Lopez-Mills, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Oct. 13, 2010 file photo, rescued miner Omar Reygadas waves to the press as they arrive at the hospital in Copiapo, Chile. The miner who spent 69 days trapped underground in Chile in 2010 says the 12 boys and their soccer coach stranded in a cave in Thailand should help each other mentally prepare for rescue. less FILE - In this Oct. 13, 2010 file photo, rescued miner Omar Reygadas waves to the press as they arrive at the hospital in Copiapo, Chile. The miner who spent 69 days trapped underground in Chile in 2010 says the ... more Photo: Dario Lopez-Mills, AP Chilean miner offers advice to trapped Thai soccer team 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — A rescued Chilean miner has advice for a trapped Thai boys soccer team half a world away: Help each other and mentally prepare for rescue.
Omar Reygadas spent 69 days trapped underground in Chile in 2010 with 32 other miners.
"It's terrible for them — they're little — but I believe that boys with a lot of strength are going to manage to be whole when they get out," Reygadas told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
The 12 boys and their soccer coach were trapped inside the cave by rising water June 23. Divers reached the team late Monday, but rescuers will likely have to help the boys swim out using diving gear.
Reygadas said the boys' coach will be a key figure in keeping them motivated.
It's difficult to send them advice, they said, but "they should think only about leaving and reuniting with their families."
Reygadas and the other miners were trapped nearly 2,300 feet (700 meters) below Chile's Atacama desert before a specially built capsule could be lowered down a drilled shaft and raise them to the surface one by one.
Faith and prayer, as well as humor were very important to the miners at times when they doubted they would be rescued, Reygadas said.
"They shouldn't be ashamed to be scared," they said of the boys. "Because we were scared, too. Our tears also ran. Even as adult men, we cried."
By Charmaine A. Tadalan
THE OFFICE of the Ombudsman has found probable cause to file graft charges against former agriculture secretary Proceso J. Alcala and 23 others in connection with a garlic cartel allegedly established on their watch.
The Ombudsman found Mr. Alcala designated Lilia M. Cruz to chair the DA consultative body National Garlic Action Team (NGAT) as part of a “scheme” to control permits for imported garlic.
As stated in a resolution by the Ombudsman dated last Friday, “the NGAT's resolution that 70% of the IPs (import permits) would be allocated to farmer cooperatives was actually a scheme designated for Cruz to control the garlic importation.”
This is in reference to NGAT's resolution on Nov. 5, 2013 — some four months after Mr. Alcala's designation of Ms. Cruz as NGAT chairperson on July 24 — declaring an insufficiency in the country's garlic supply and recommending the importation of 58,240 metric tons of garlic through import permits (IPs) to be allocated to farmer cooperatives (70%) and garlic importers (30%).
However, the Ombudsman noted, the NGAT had earlier recommended in August the suspension of the issuance of IPs, “finding that the supply was sufficient to last until the next harvest season of March 2014.”
Ms. Cruz at the time was about a month into their stint as NGAT chair.
Between 2010 and 2014, the Ombudsman said, a total of 8,810 import permits (IPs) were issued and approved by respondents Mr. Alcala, Director Clarito M. Barron of the Bureau of Plant Industry (BPI), and BPI division chiefs Merle B. Palacpac and Luben Q. Marasigan.
Out of those total IPs, 5,022 were “cornered by importers and affiliates of Vegetable Importers, Exporters and Vendors Association of the Philippines, Inc. (VIEVA), chaired by respondent Lilia Cruz,” the Ombudsman said.
“NGAT's (Nov. 5, 2013) resolution that 70% of the IPs would be allocated to farmer cooperatives was actually a scheme designated for Cruz to control the garlic importation. It bears emphasis that after Cruz established VIEVA, they caused the affiliation of farmer cooperatives and associations under its umbrella on the pretext of helping them financially,” the Ombudsman said, adding:
“By adopting the scheme, Cruz practically controlled a big chunk of the 100% of the IPs for imported garlic. The 30% of the IPs supposedly allocated to legitimate garlic importers was given mostly to VIEVA and its affiliated importers. On the other hand, the 70% of IP allocation for the farmer cooperatives was mainly captured by Cruz through VIEVA-affiliated farmer groups.”
The Ombudsman further cited documents from the National Bureau of Investigation, Securities and Exchange Commission, Cooperative Development Authority, Department of Trade and Industry, and National Statistics Office as showing “the close connection and relations between and among the VIEVA and VIEVA-affiliated importers.”
“Aside from the interlocking incorporators, the importers have similar representatives, addresses, e-mails, phone numbers, company profiles, major suppliers, plant addresses, ports of registration, thus evidencing their common interest,” the Ombudsman further said in its statement.
Mr. Alcala, et al. will be charged with violating Section 3(e) of the Anti-Graft and Corrupt Practices Act (Republic Act No. 3019). They were sought for comment as of this reporting.
On the other hand, respondents Barron, Palacpac and Marasigan were found guilty of grave misconduct and ordered dismissed from the service, the Ombudsman said.
In a surprising announcement, Sierra Canyon boys basketball coach Ty Nichols resigned Monday after five years, a reversal of comments they made in March that they would remain for another year.
Nichols said that they wanted to complete their master's degree in divinity with an emphasis in Messianic Judaism at Kings University in Texas. They added the decision was unrelated to how Sierra Canyon's season ended with consecutive playoff losses.
“There's going to be some emotions associated with the decision but in five years, we won 125 games and for any situation that's a really good run,” Nichols said. “I'm ready to rejuvenate and charge my batteries.”
Assistant Andre Chevalier, who had been promoted to associate head coach before the season, would take over as head coach. Prior to the CIF Open Division state playoffs, Nichols had allowed Chevalier to assume head coaching duties and threw their support behind Chevalier as their successor.
“The program is ready for Andre to take it over and I'm super excited for him. I'm their biggest advocate and I'm sure he'll do a great job,” Nichols said.
Chevalier previously coached at Cleveland and Oaks Christian and was an assistant at Sierra Canyon the past two seasons. While at Oaks Christian, they won CIF Southern Section titles for the boys and girls programs.
“I am honored to be named the head coach at Sierra Canyon after serving under Coach Ty Nichols for two seasons,” Chevalier said in a statement released by the school. “Ty is a great coach and I look forward to continuing the legacy that they have started here.”
Nichols took over in 2012 after a year coaching the Sierra Canyon middle school team and oversaw Sierra Canyon's rise as a state and national power. Last season, Sierra Canyon had perhaps its highest expectations with junior Marvin Bagley III, the top ranked player in their class according to ESPN and Rivals, joining a team with four Division I-bound seniors, including Cody Riley (UCLA) and Remy Martin (Arizona State).
The Trailblazers were ranked as high as No. 2 by USA Today, MaxPreps and the BallisLife Fab 50 and defeated four nationally ranked teams, including La Lumiere of Indiana, who went on to win the Dick's Sporting Goods National Championship tournament. Sierra Canyon saw its season end with losses to Bishop Montgomery in the CIF-SS Open Division semifinals and to St. Augustine, of San Diego, in the first round of the Southern California regional state playoffs.
It was the second consecutive year the Trailblazers ended with consecutive losses. Sierra Canyon's only other loss this season was to Nathan Hale, of Washington, which finished No. 1 in all but one national poll.
Advertisement
“We just happened to get two of our losses at the wrong time of the year,” Nichols said “It's disappointing but there's nothing to be ashamed of. These kids did an unreal job.”
Nichols went 125-27 in their five years at Sierra Canyon, with 11 of those losses coming in their first year. Sierra Canyon won 26 or more games the next four years but its lone championship came in 2015 when the Trailblazers won at the Division V level.
Sunday on CNN's “Fareed Zakaria GPS,” President Barack Obama's close friend and longtime adviser Valerie Jarrett said, “The president prides themselves on the fact that their administration hasn't had a scandal.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
When asked about the Obama's public personas, Jarrett said, “I think that they behave as the people who they are. What you see in public is the same thing I see in private. Do they feel responsibility because they're historic figures? Yes, they do. But I don't think it has made them be different than who they are. The president prides themselves on the fact that their administration hasn't had a scandal and they haven't done something to embarrass himself. That is not because they are being someone other that who they are. That's who they are. That is who they are. And that is what really resonates with the American people.”
7 SHARES 159 VIEWS Share Tweet Pinterest
Many people take their dogs with them when they hit the road in their RVs. More and more people are traveling with their kitty companions as well. Having your furry buddy with you during your travels gives your trip more of a family feel, reduces stress, and saves money from having to board or find a pet sitter.
The Hayes family of Castle Rock, Colorado take their family pets (Molly the dog and Nickel the cat) with them on their adventures so that the whole family can enjoy camping together and seeing the sights. Mom (Roxann) says to be sure to bring a kitty scratcher to keep your upholstered surfaces from being scratched, and a good harness and leash so your kitty can explore its surroundings.
Cats are great escape artists, so a well-fitted harness is better than a collar, and can also prevent neck injuries. Be sure to attach identification tags with microchip information and a good phone number on it just in case!
The Hayes family starts their kitties getting used to wearing a harness and a leash while they are young around their yard for short excursions, but with patience, adult cats can learn to walk on a leash. Taking short trips with your kitty in the car before your long trip will help your cat become accustomed to road travel.
The family has a truck/trailer set-up, and Roxann recommends that family pets travel in the truck when they are on the road. This helps keep your pets safer and from getting stressed out that their human family isn't with them while the rig is moving.
Using a travel crate with a soft bed inside will keep your kitty safely secured and out from under the driver's feet while moving. If you have a healthy adult cat, your kitty shouldn't need a litter box unless your drive time will be more than about 6 hours. The Hayes family keeps the litter box in the shower to prevent litter from being scattered around the RV and for easier cleanup.
If you have more than one cat, you can use a larger (dog-sized) airline crate and fit a piece of plywood between the two screw-together halves to make an upper loft area and lower area.
You can also use this system for longer trips and include a dishpan or disposable litter box, water dish (hydration is important), and cat bed. Make sure your kitty is familiar with and will use their mobile environment before you travel in order to avoid problems on the road.
Once you get to your campsite, let your kitty explore around the RV, but be careful not to let them escape out the door or window!
If you want to allow your kitty to experience the outside, you can use your harness and leash, or a covered portable cattery (be sure to supervise your cat at all times).
Another option is to use an enclosed window perch that can allow your cat to experience the outside environment from a safe enclosure. You may have to make some modifications based on your window design, but a couple of options are the Kitty Peeper from Cats with an Attitude and the Cat Solarium. The Cat Solarium can be customized to fit horizontally or odd shaped windows.
Be sure to consult with your veterinarian before your trip to make sure your feline is up-to-date on shots, microchipped, and healthy for travel. Depending on where you are traveling, your vet may recommend parasite control or other suggestions to keep your kitty healthy and safe.
If you are traveling out of your home state, check with the State Veterinarian's Office for the state you are traveling to for additional requirements you may need to travel with your cats.
The US Department of Agriculture has a handy website that will direct you to the right place. If you are traveling out of the country, you will need to research requirements for the country you are traveling to.
For more ideas, check out these cat-friendly modifications.
The company will look for places with signs of pedestrian use, like where grass wares thin. (Source: KLTV)
During their meeting on Wednesday, Tyler City Council unanimously passed an item that authorized a large sidewalk survey.
The project enlists Data Transfer Solutions at the price of $100,000 to survey sidewalks around Tyler, and other other cities in the area that are part of the Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO).
Funded through a federal grant, the company will identify damaged sidewalks and offer insight into where new sidewalks should be added.
"I live in a neighborhood that does not have sidewalks. Every morning I have to look out for people that are walking or running," was one public comment at Wednesday's meeting.
In addition to surveying local walks, the ultimate goal is to find out the best way to provide pedestrian and bicycle access between communities in the MPO.
"The long range goal is to figure out how to make these connections regionally," MPO Manager Michael Howell said.
Another public comment at Wednesday's meeting suggested the city consider using closed down rail right of ways.
"All rails lead to the city, and I can't think of a better connectivity option," was the comment.
Once the survey is complete, it will be up to the individual cities to decide if they want to continue with the suggested improvements.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
–
WASHINGTON (Sputnik)The new measures were introduced in the Senate on Monday in an amendment to the Iran sanctions bill that censures the Islamic Republic over its ballistic missile program.
When asked if they think that the bill will be adopted, Larsen, stated, "I do think it will be."
"Increasing the sanctions on Russia…I think is something that's going to get a lot of bipartisan support in the Senate and in the House," the lawmaker added.
"I think it's important to understand that in the United States we are very frustrated and angry about the role that Russia had in interfering with our elections last year," they explained. "The fact that a foreign country at all attempted to interfere and influence our elections is something that every American is angry about. In this case it was Russia, and we have high confidence of that."
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said Wednesday that the Kremlin seeks to avoid a "pique of sanctions" in response to the US Senate's newly proposed sanctions against Russia but called for patience until the measures are codified.
The new sanctions will target Russia's defense, intelligence, mining, shipping and railway industries. The bill would also restrict debt dealings with Russian banks and energy companies to 14 days and 30 days, respectively.
The Senate is scheduled to vote on the measure later on Wednesday.
Texas Parks and Wildlife investigators have completed their on-scene investigation of the Aug. 5 electrocutions at Lake O' the Pines and hope to have preliminary information in about three weeks, according to Game Warden Captain Quint Balkcom.
RELATED: Technology to recreate Catamaran electrocution for investigation
The 3-person boating accident and reconstruction team is continuing to follow up with witnesses this week and examine statements that were taken after the incident they said. The Boy Scouts were attending an officially sanctioned scouting event at the lake when the incident occurred.
The 3-person boating accident and reconstruction team used digital “Avatar” technology to map the area near Alley Creek, where three Boy Scouts were electrocuted when the mast of a Hobiecat catamaran came into contact with a low-hanging power line. Will Brannon, 17, and Heath Faucheux, 16, died at the scene, and 11-year-old Thomas Larry died two days later at a Shreveport hospital.
The transmission lines involved belong to Upshur Rural Electric Cooperative and released a statement saying the company is “cooperating in the investigation and will assist in the process as it moves forward.”
READ MORE:
+Game wardens investigate boating electrocutions
+Special ceremony held for third Boy Scout who died from injuries after sailboat struck power line
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Sophia Antipolis, 15 June 2017: Sex-specific cardiovascular drug dosages are needed to reduce adverse reactions in women, according to a position paper from the European Society of Cardiology published today in the June issue of European Heart Journal - Cardiovascular Pharmacotherapy.1
"Cardiovascular diseases kill a greater proportion of women than men in Europe, and they kill twice as many women as all cancers combined," said lead author Dr Juan Tamargo, director of the Cardiovascular Pharmacology Research Group, Universidad Complutense, Madrid, Spain.
"Cardiovascular drug recommendations are based on clinical trials in middle-aged men," continued Dr Tamargo. "Women have more adverse reactions from current dosages and may stop taking preventive medication, leaving them unprotected despite their higher risk."
The position paper outlines the differences between women and men with respect to cardiovascular medications and gives recommendations on how to improve treatment in women.
Key differences between women and men with respect to cardiovascular diseases and drugs:
Women are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease than men because they live longer.
Cardiovascular drug recommendations are based on clinical trials in middle-aged men.
Adverse drug reactions are more severe and more common in women than men.
Women less often receive preventive treatments and are treated less aggressively than men.
Women and men absorb, distribute, metabolise, and excrete drugs differently.
Dr Tamargo said: "Male physicians less often prescribe recommended medications for female patients. Some doctors think cardiovascular disease is not a real issue for women because they are protected by sex hormones, forgetting that this disappears with age and women live longer than men."
Women have a 1.5 to 1.7-fold greater incidence of adverse reactions to cardiovascular drugs and they tend to be more severe than in men, more often needing hospital admission. For example, women have a higher risk of drug-induced torsades de pointes (an abnormal heart rhythm than can lead to sudden cardiac death) and severe bleeding. Statin-induced myopathy is more common in older women with low body weight.
"Women have more adverse reactions because for many drugs the same dose is recommended for everyone irrespective of body weight," said Dr Tamargo. "This can lead to higher plasma levels and overdoses in women."
There are sex-related differences in the pharmacokinetics (the way a drug is absorbed, distributed, biotransformed and excreted) of some widely used cardiovascular drugs. For example, the bioavailability and plasma levels of aspirin are higher in women than men, possibly due to lower activity of the enzyme aspirin esterase, and greater distribution and lower clearance of aspirin. These differences vanish with oral contraceptives and during pregnancy.
Dr Tamargo said: "Sex-related recommendations for drug dosages are not included on labels, even for drugs with a greater than 40% difference in pharmacokinetics between men and women."
Sex-related differences also occur in cardiovascular drug pharmacodynamics (the relationship between drug effect and drug concentration at the site of action). For example, aspirin has a higher protective effect against stroke in women and against heart attack in men. Aspirin is more active in male platelets, and aspirin resistance is more frequent in women.
The paper recommends:
Develop and implement sex-specific guidelines for cardiovascular drugs.
Include sex-specific dosages on cardiovascular drug labels.
Enrol women in clinical trials of cardiovascular drugs.
Educate doctors about sex differences in the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of cardiovascular drugs.
Dr Tamargo concluded: "The most effective way to minimise adverse drug reactions in women is to develop and implement sex-specific guidelines for cardiovascular drugs."
###
David Hinchliffe was MP for Wakefield between 1987 and 2005. David has edited and written several books on rugby league including They Walked On Water about the infamous 1968 ‘Watersplash' Final.  They are a former chairperson of the Mining Museum.
Background
Former Wakefield MP David Hinchliffe
I was born in the city and attended the Lawefield Lane and Cathedral Schools and Wakefield Technical College. Prior to entering Parliament I worked in local authority social work and served as a councillor on both the old Wakefield City Council and Wakefield MDC. I'm a former rugby league player and life-long supporter of Wakefield Trinity. I'm married to Julia and we have a grown up son and daughter.
Early memories
My favourite things about Wakefield reflect my memories of growing up in the city and my interests and passions in later life. My earliest recollection as a very young child was being taken by my parents into Thornes Park to see the terrible fire which destroyed the original Thornes House School.
I grew up near to the Thornes, Holmfield and Clarence Parks (pictured) and spent many happy hours exploring them and still really enjoy visits there. I have always loved the open air and think the Pugneys Country Park is one of Wakefield's finest assets. What we have there is a great example of allowing leisure activities to co-exist with nature.
Clarence Park music festival.
History
Not far from Pugneys, another local favourite of mine is Sandal Castle (pictured). Among my other interests are a passion for genealogy and local history. My own historical research has brought me into contact with the Wakefield Court Rolls which record activities within the Wakefield Manor from the medieval period. The Manor stretched west over the Pennines, covering a huge area but its headquarters were, of course, the castle and its significance to our history, local and national, is immense.
Just down from the castle is the River Calder which I also list as a favourite, having owned boats for much of my life. As a child I recall watching the old coal barges passing through Thornes Cut and, having had a house next to the river, I have seen it in all its moods. It is especially pleasing to have seen what was a ‘dead' river many years ago transformed into one which is nowadays teeming with fish and wildlife.
Remaining in the open air I have to name Heath Common as among my favourite local spots, particularly because of my strong family connections to that part of Wakefield. My father was born in Cobblers Hall, Heath and grew up in a cottage not far from the wonderful Kings Arms pub. My grandmother was born in Hough Cottage, at the bottom of the Common just across from the new Neil Fox Way.
Wakefield Eastern Relief Road naming as Neil Fox Way. Attending are Neil Fox, Council leader Peter Box and Wakefield Trinity players
Rugby League
Mentioning my boyhood hero (pictured) Wakefield Trinity's Belle Vue ground is obviously one of my favourite places, having been first taken there by my father when I was around eight-years-old. I have followed Trinity through thick and thin ever since and have some remarkable memories of seeing great players and matches at the ground. It angers and frustrates me that bringing the ground up to 21st century standards is taking such a very long time.
So many of the players I watched at Trinity had connections to the coalfield which was at the heart of the local economy when I was growing up.
Mining heritage
While the pits are gone we are so very fortunate to have the National Coal Mining Museum which is up there among my Wakefield favourites. As the generation who gave their lives to coal gradually pass away, it is right that their contribution is properly commemorated up at Caphouse. I always enjoy visiting the museum and also the West Yorkshire History Centre on Kirkgate which is a brilliant facility for anyone researching local history.
Food and drink
Anyone from the Merrie City would be lacking credibility if they didn't make mention of their favourite eating and drinking places. I have a passion for Asian food and have had some really good meals in Lala's on Westgate and the Bengal Spice on Smyth Street. If we are spoilt for choice in terms of restaurants in Wakefield, narrowing down my favourite pubs and clubs is even more difficult because in recent years the ‘real ale' revolution has seen a remarkable increase in top quality bars. The Redoubt on Horbury Road, especially when Jim Wild ran it, has always offered a warm welcome. In town, I have always particularly liked the Black Rock. But, it will be no surprise that I name the Red Shed in Vicarage Street as my number one choice with top quality ale, company and politics!
LAS VEGAS — A federal judge in Nevada has issued an arrest warrant for an Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in October's Las Vegas massacre, documents show.
Douglas Haig, 55, of Mesa, Arizona, is accused of manufacturing and selling armor-piercing bullets in violation of federal law.
A criminal complaint says two unfired .308-caliber rounds found in Stephen Paddock's room had Haig's fingerprints on them. The bullets in the cartridges were classified as armor-piercing, the complaint says.
On October 19, the FBI searched Haig's home in Arizona and seized ammunition it says classifies as armor-peircing, the compaint alleges.
Haig has said they sold tracer ammunition to killer Stephen Paddock, but they had no other dealings with them and never saw anything suspicious in their brief interactions.
Haig also said during a Friday morning conference at their attorney's office that they have received death threats after their name was revealed in newly released search warrant records this week.
CNN reached out to Haig after news of the arrest warrant surfaced.
Earlier at the news conference at the Phoenix-area office of their attorney, Haig they stressed that their sale made “no contribution” to the killings since Paddock didn't appear to have fired tracer rounds, which produce a flame that lets a shooter follow the bullet's path for precise aim.
“I hope today ends (the threats), when people realize that I wasn't in collusion with Paddock — that I was not in any way, shape or form associated with the horrible crime that they committed,” Haig said.
Police say Paddock opened fire from their room at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay hotel onto a crowd attending a music festival below on October 1, killing 58 people and shooting and injuring 422 others. More than 850 others suffered other injuries in the attack.
Seller's reaction to massacre: ‘Revulsion'
Haig, an aerospace engineer and part-time ammunition reseller, said they sold 720 rounds of surplus US military tracer ammunition to Paddock at Haig's home in September after Paddock approached them at a Phoenix gun show.
Before the sale, Paddock told them “that they were going to go out to the desert and put on a light show” with the ammunition — that they were “going to go out and shoot it at night with friends.”
Paddock arrived at Haig's home “very well-dressed, very well-groomed, very polite, very respectful,” Haig said.
“At no time did I see anything suspicious or odd or any kind of tell, anything that would set off an alarm.” they said.
Haig's connection to the investigation came to light this week when hundreds of pages of search warrant records were released to the news media.
Authorities have repeatedly said Paddock, who investigators say died of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, was the only shooter. Neither Haig nor anyone else has been charged in the case.
Haig's attorney, Marc J. Victor, said police found their client's name and address on a box that Paddock had — a box that Haig gave them to carry the tracer rounds he'd bought.
Haig said they learned of the massacre when authorities contacted them at work the next morning.
“Revulsion,” Haig said of their reaction. “Sickness. Horror that this man would do something like that.”
Haig spoke with investigators four times after the shooting, and has been “fully cooperative,” Victor said.
“This was a routine transaction to purchase a routine type of ammunition that is available in many different retail outlets throughout the state of Arizona,” Victor said. “After that transaction, Doug had absolutely no further contact with Mr. Paddock.”
Sources: No evidence tracer rounds used
Investigators recovered tracer rounds from Paddock's room, two law enforcement sources told CNN in October.
But there was no evidence the tracer rounds were used during the attack, according to the sources, who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about such details.
Timeline of the sale
A Nevada judge on Tuesday unsealed police search warrant records — prepared shortly after the shooting — that mentioned two persons of interest in the case. The judge released the documents after CNN and other media outlets sued to obtain them.
One person of interest, whom police had named previously, was the killer's girlfriend, Marilou Danley. Authorities subsequently cleared them publicly.
The second name was redacted. But the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported it had a version of the search warrant that named, without redaction, Haig as that second person. The documents didn't explain why they were a person of interest.
Las Vegas police officials told CNN the department couldn't comment on Haig or any names, and referred questions to federal authorities.
Haig held Friday's news conference to protect their reputation, they and their attorney said. They gave the following timeline:
• Paddock first approached Haig's table at a Las Vegas gun show sometime last year but met someone else besides the seller behind the table.
• Haig first met Paddock at a subsequent Phoenix gun show, where they were selling ammunition.
• Paddock took Haig's business card because the seller didn't have the quantity of trace ammunition that they wanted.
• Paddock later called Haig three times to arrange a sale at Haig's home.
• In September, Paddock arrived at Haig's home, bought the tracer ammunition and drove away.
Death threats
Haig said Friday that he's received death threats since the search warrant documents were released Tuesday.
“One woman (was) screaming through my door that I should be killed and I should die,” they said. “It's been not a lot of fun, quite frankly.”
“I had no contribution to what Paddock did,” Haig added. “I had no way to see into their mind.”
Sheriff has said feds are investigating someone
When the search warrant documents were released this week, Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish allowed a small portion of those records to be redacted because “there is an ongoing investigation regarding charges against another individual, arising out of information obtained in connection with the … shooting, but not directly related to the shooting.”
In response to a question from CNN in January, the Clark County sheriff, Joe Lombardo, said federal authorities are investigating a person in the case. That person could face federal charges not directly related to the shooting within the next 60 days, the sheriff said January 19.
Lombardo didn't disclose the person's name, saying those details were “under federal grand jury disclosure” rules.
On Friday, a reporter asked Haig whether they believed they were that person.
“No. I don't think it's me at all,” Haig said.
In a move separate from Tuesday, a judge on January 12 released hundreds of pages of federal court documents related to the case, revealing the inner workings of the early stages of the investigation.
× NFL Network suspends Marshall Faulk, others over sexual harassment allegations
SAN DIEGO – Marshall Faulk was among several retired players and an executive suspended by the NFL Network pending an investigation into sexual harassment allegations, it was reported Monday.
The NFL Network suspended Faulk, Ike Taylor and Heath Evans from their duties at the network, according to Sports Illustrated Now.
A complaint by former employee Jami Cantor alleged former executive producer Eric Weinberger, Faulk, Taylor, Evans, Warren Sapp, and Donovan McNabb allegedly groped and made sexually explicit comments to her, Bloomberg reported.
The allegations are part of a lawsuit against NFL Enterprises in Los Angeles Superior Court, Bloomberg stated.
Cantor was a wardrobe stylist at the NFL Network and said former executive producer Eric Weinberger sent “several nude pictures of themselves and sexually explicit texts,” according to Bloomberg.
“She said they were also sexually harassed by on-air talent. Faulk, who's an NFL Network analyst, would ask Cantor ‘deeply personal and invasive questions' about their sex life and fondled their breasts and groped them behind, according to the complaint,” Bloomberg stated.
Cantor filed their case in October, claiming wrongful termination.
Prior to the suspension, Faulk was a pro football analyst for NFL Total Access, Thursday Night Football and NFL GameDay Morning on the NFL Network.
Faulk played college football at San Diego State University and was a two-time consensus All-American. They were picked up by the Indianapolis Colts in the 1994 NFL Draft and later played for the St. Louis Rams.
Faulk was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2011.
NEARLY TWO DECADES after Tziporah Malkah — formerly Kate Fischer — left Sydney she's back, and the sea-change could well be just what they need.
Malkah has had a tough start to the year.
After spending a lonely NYE at the family farm in Yass, they have been in the media for their bizarre behaviour outside a South Australian court after they appeared on assault charges against the police.
SIGN UP FOR THE NSW REAL ESTATE NEWSLETTER HERE
Them relationship with Guy Vasey — who they were living with in South Australia — appears to have gone pear-shaped.
And now, they have announced on Instagram: “I now officially reside in Sydney”.
The post accompanied a photo of them with some stuffed animals on a plane yesterday.
Them relationship with Sydney has been blooming over the last couple of months — from fun at the mardi gras parade to catching up for lunch with relatives.
It's not clear yet, if Malkah has found a home, but they would be forgiven for having regrets over the sale in 2000 of the multimillion-dollar pad they were once gifted by James Packer in Bondi.
By all accounts, Malkah was left with more than a pretty penny when their engagement to Packer ended in 1998.
But it is hard to put a number to just how much they have squandered.
Camera Icon In 200 they sold their Bondi home for $2.825m. Picture: News Limited Camera Icon They spent NYE with their stepdad David Barnett in Yass. Picture: Supplied
In 2000, they had at least $2,825,000 after selling the Bondi Beach home Packer gifted them
The property at 14 Notts Ave had been transferred from Packer's development company into Fischer's name in 1998 after the pair ended a five-year relationship during which the Notts Ave property was bought for $425,000 in 1995.
That same property has since exchanged hands again — in 2014 — scoring the vendors $7 million.
Money Malkah would be wishing they could get their hands on now — with Sydney property prices (rental or otherwise) having inflated dramatically over the years.
Reports from around the time of the split suggest that Malkah scored much more than just the property from the split, but it seems she's struggled to hold onto the cash.
Camera Icon James Packer with fiancee actor Kate Fischer just before they split. Picture: AFP Camera Icon View from the now $7m+ home in Bondi. Picture: News Limited
After they broke up, Tziporah told the Kyle and Jacki-O show that they took $500,000 of jewellery given to them by Packer over the years and threw it into the ocean.
“I thought, ‘they come from the earth and back to the earth shall they go,' so I chucked them all in the ocean. It was a powerful moment but now I'm like, oh crap,” they said.
As well as the Bondi apartment, the rumours vary between $250k to $10m as to what their payout was worth at the time.
Camera Icon Them stepdad David Barnett with Pru Goward. Picture: Supplied Camera Icon With mum Pru Goward in 2005. The pair reportedly have a strained relationship. Picture: News Limited
Last year, during their time on I'm A Celebrity … Get Me Out Of Here!, Malkah spoke of how they had lost nearly $2 million when they were ripped off by their Rabbi in Los Angeles — where they lived in the early noughties.
“I was stupid and I was in love and why would a Rabbi lie to me,” Malkah said in the South African jungle camp.
The former model also talked to their jungle mates during the reality show about their downward spiral that saw them homeless and seeking help from the Salvation Army.
Camera Icon In the jungle. Picture: News Corp Australia Camera Icon Heading to the Melbourne Magistrates Court last year. Picture: AAP, AAP/James Ross
“I thought I was going to have to sleep under a bush. I went down to the Salvation Army and said, help me I am going to be homeless,” they said.
After that, Malkah sought refuge from Women's Housing, got a job and saved enough money to rent an apartment.
Camera Icon They have been renting for $620 per week in South Australia. Picture: Supplied, Instagram @tziporahmalkahofficial
They got a job in a nursing home in Melbourne and then more recently moved to South Australia to be with Vasey.
The ‘90s model had been living between their rented home in Melbourne and a beachside pad in Port Elliot, South Australia, with Vasey since May last year.
Vasey is from Port Eliott and the pair were paying $620 per week for their $1.3m rental home opposite Boomer Beach.
But now, it's time for a sea-change to Sydney.
March 31 Manchester United defenders Chris Smalling and Phil Jones sustained long-term injuries while on international duty with England, manager Jose Mourinho said on Friday.
Smalling was photographed wearing a leg brace on Monday after suffering their third injury of the campaign. Jones has a toe problem.
"They are long-term injuries," Mourinho told reporters.
United will be without at least five first-team players for Saturday's Premier League game against West Bromwich Albion as Smalling and Jones join midfielder Paul Pogba on the treatment table.
Leading scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic and midfielder Ander Herrera will also miss the match at Old Trafford as they serve the final game of their suspensions.
Mourinho, however, refused to dwell on their lengthy list of absentees.
"The important ones are the ones who are ready to play. That's the way we have to think, we cannot be here crying or speaking about the players that are not available to play," the Portuguese said.
Captain Wayne Rooney, who has missed United's last four games, has recovered from a knee injury.
Mourinho said they regretted their treatment of Bastian Schweinsteiger, who joined Major League Soccer's Chicago Fire this month, and has apologised to the German midfielder.
Schweinsteiger was made to train with the reserves by Mourinho earlier this season but the manager had a change of heart and brought the World Cup winner back into their squad in October.
"I regret it and it is no problem for me to admit it, because I have told him," Mourinho added.
"He's in the category of players that I feel sorry for something I did to him... the last thing I told them before they left - 'I was not right with you once. I have to be right to you now'." (Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
###
Freeing the boys from the still-submerged cave complex is expected to be a protracted process, fraught with challenges for a group who are not divers and some of whom are believed to be unable to swim
Published 5:25 PM, July 04, 2018
MAE SAI, Thailand – Thai rescuers vowed to take a "no risk" approach to freeing 12 boys and their football coach from a flooded cave, as fresh video emerged on Wednesday, July 4. showing the team in good spirits following their astonishing discovery 9 days after going missing.
Freeing the boys from the still-submerged cave complex is expected to be a protracted process, fraught with challenges for a group who are not divers and some of whom are believed to be unable to swim.
With a country engrossed in the rescue mission, authorities insist they will only move the boys once their safety can be guaranteed, even though monsoon rains are predicted to soon resume.
"We have to be 100% confident that there is no risk to the boys before we evacuate," Narongsak Osottanakorn, Chiang Rai provincial governor, told reporters on Wednesday.
"We will take care of them like they are our own children," they said.
The group is being taught how to use diving masks and breathing apparatus, they added, but from the safety of the muddy bank which for now remains their sanctuary.
Authorities are also pumping out water round-the-clock aware of the bad weather forecast in the days ahead, removing around one centimetre each hour in a massive draining operation.
"We want to evacuate all 13 people as soon as possible but I don't want to specify day and date," Thailand's junta leader Prayut Chan-O-Cha said later.
In a heartening message to families waiting in outside the cave, footage was released by the Thai Navy SEAL featuring 11 of the 12-strong team.
Each made a traditional Thai greeting gesture to the camera before introducing themselves by their nickname and saying "I'm in good health".
Several of the boys in the frame are wearing protective foil blankets and are accompanied by a smiling diver in a wetsuit.
Also seen is the 25-year-old coach, who went with the boys down the cave after football training on June 23.
A one-minute video clip ends on a jovial note, with one of the 12 young footballers saying they were forgotten in the round of introductions, sparking laughter.
The images have delighted a Thai nation that has held its breath for a successful outcome to a challenging rescue kilometres inside one of the country's longest caves.
'He is thinner'
In the video the boys, who have spent 11 nights underground, appear relaxed and much more alert than when they were when British divers found them late Monday huddling on a muddy ledge above surging underground waters.
Outside the cave the mother of one of the boys teared-up as they watched the clip on a television screen, saying they were "glad" for a glimpse of their son.
"He is thinner" they said as they ran their finger over their image -- a sign of the heartache the saga has brought to relatives of the trapped 13.
Several Navy SEAL divers have deployed along with medics vowing to stay with the group while the challenging process of evacuating the "Wild Boar" team begins.
Thai authorities say the focus is now building up the boys' physical and mental strength after an ordeal that has left them emaciated.
Next they have three main options: diving out of the cave system, exiting through another hole if one can be found -- or drilled -- or waiting out the rainy season underground.
Experts say diving out is laden with risk -- more so as the boys have never dived before and some may not be able to swim, making a long underwater escape perilous.
Areas of the cave remain submerged and navigating claustrophobic passages in murky rushing waters risks panic, even if the boys have ample equipment, expert support and a crash-course in how to dive.
"This requires them do be psychologically able to cope with being underwater... and the dives being not too long or difficult," Alan Warild, an expert from the NSW Cave Rescue Squad in Australia, told AFP.
The last option of waiting for the monsoon to abate, could be protracted as the monsoon begins to bite.
However, officials say they have stored food, medicine and equipment to last for up to four months at an underground base. – Rappler.com
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Homeland star Mandy Patinkin says this season of the acclaimed Showtime television drama shows that it is perhaps “the white men in government and the military establishment that are the bad guys,” rather than the Muslim community.
In an interview with MSNBC's Chuck Todd this week, Patinkin said that society had “chosen the Muslim community” as a threat, despite the community making “contributions to the world of a monumental nature.”
Patinkin also said the show, which has been criticized by the left as “Islamophobic” for linking Islam with terrorism, has taken responsibility for this portrayal and has changed its content so they become “part of the cure rather than part of the problem.”
“[Homeland has introduced] a storyline that shows in this case, in this era, in this season, that maybe it is the white men in government and the military establishment that are the bad guys, not the Muslim community,” they continued.
Patinkin, who plays the role of CIA operative Saul Berenson, has previously discussed the need for America to open up its doors to refugees from the Islamic world, as well as Homeland needing to take responsibility for its negative depictions of Muslims.
“In all kinds of entertainment – movies, television – there are always the bad guys; the cowboys and Indians, then the Russians were the bad guys, the Nazis were the bad guys. Now it seems like Muslim ‘terrorists' are the bad guys,” they told the Associated Press in an interview this month. “So, inadvertently, because it's an action show, it's an on-the-edge-of-your-seat political drama that Homeland is, unintentionally we were not helping the Muslim community and we take responsibility for it. And I know I can speak for the writers when they want to right that error that happened because of storytelling.”
In a 2015 interview with Variety, the actor advised people to take in refugees and “bring them to your home for dinner,” adding that they simply want “other people to know the kind of joy that I have in my life.”
Homeland, which aired its sixth season finale last Sunday, has been renewed by Showtime for a seventh and final eighth season.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com
Remember when Twitch's inaugural Bob Ross marathon seemed like the weirdest, most wonderful thing ever?​ Well, the predominantly video game-focused live streaming service has indulged in some endurance TV marathons since then — from Mister Rogers to anime to Julia Child — and now they've partnered with the BBC to bring the first 26 years of "Doctor Who" to diehard fans and newcomers alike.
To accommodate a global audience, Twitch will air each block of stories three times (schedule here) while also taking weekends off, slowing the burn rate of episodes to a pace that'll see the marathon end with 7th Doctor Sylvester McCoy in 1989's "Survival" come mid-July.
If you're brand-new to "Who," Digg's "Fan Service"-approved watch order recommends getting your bearings with the 2005 reboot of the show before going back to appreciate the '60s/'70s/'80s classics that Twitch is playing — but, if you're looking to leap right in and watch along with the, er, colorful Twitch chat, just get yourself up to speed with the show's risky, adventurous spirit by watching the video below.
How The Riskiest Choices In 'Doctor Who' Came To Define It Next Up Man Places Their Doof Of A Cat Outside In The Snow And Waits To See What Happens 01:33 Quality Share facebook Twitter email link http://edit.digg.com/e/6762e991706049b0b4a7339a8c295613 Copied embed Copied Auto 720p 1080p 720p 406p 270p 180p Rewind 10 Seconds Next Up: Man Places Their Doof Of A Cat Outside In The Snow And Waits To See What Happens Live 00:00 06:32 06:32 Chromecast Closed Captions Share Settings Fullscreen Related Videos 01:33 Man Places Their Doof Of A Cat Outside In The Snow And Waits To See What Happens 03:31 What Children Can Teach Us About Loving One Another 00:26 Kid Tries To Run Through What They Think Is The Exit Of A Glass Maze 00:34 We Love This Cat Who Insists On Drinking Water In The Weirdest Way 00:48 If The Robot Overlords Want To Overtake Us, They Still, Um, Have A Long Way To Go 04:00 May We All Be As Bold In Matters Of The Heart As This Girl Coming Out Of Anesthesia 07:54 This Short About An Astronaut Meeting A Caveman Is Delightfully Trippy And We Don't Know What Else To Say 07:22 We Wouldn't Wish This 'Would You Rather' Game About Performative Pooping On Our Worst Enemy 13:53 Guessing Who Is And Who Isn't An American Citizen From A Line-Up Proves Very Challenging 05:12 Why It Takes Time For Most People To Figure Out What They Want To Do When They Grow Up Close
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
PARIS, WI - Three people were killed in shootings at the Great Lakes Dragaway in Kenosha County, Wisconsin on Sunday evening.
According to Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth, a suspect is still at large.
The victims are believed to be from Aurora, Ill.
The shooting happened at around 7 p.m. at the track during an event called Larry's Fun Fest. An estimated 5,000 people were at the facility when the shooting occurred.
Beth said the victims were standing near the concessions stand when the shooter approached and shot them at very close range. Investigators are talking to friends of the victims to try and piece together what happened.
"There's no positive ID on the suspect right now, we don't know the motive, we're not aware of any altercations that happened earlier, at this point the detectives I've talked to are not aware of what caused this," Beth said.
Beth told Milwaukee-based TMJ4 that the shootings were believed to be the result of rival gangs from Milwaukee and Chicago coming to a head, and that they have caused problems at the Union Grove facility in the past.
"We're not aware of any danger to the community. We believe that whoever did this is either still on here on site, or more likely left the Great Lakes Drag Strip," Beth said.
Wisconsin State Patrol confirms it is assisting with road closures in the area.
The Great Lakes Dragaway is a quarter-mile dragstrip located in Paris, Wisconsin.
US President Donald Trump has ordered NASA to return to the moon.
The US President's signed a directive instructing the space agency to plan a new manned lunar mission.
It is 45 years since Apollo 17 astronauts last walked on the moon.
President Trump says going back can be a stepping stone to more ambitious plans:
Tune in as President Trump signs Space Policy Directive – 1: https://t.co/huc4PDVyoC — The White House (@WhiteHouse) December 11, 2017
QUITO (Sputnik) — Russia and Ecuador have reached a bilateral cooperation agreement to tackle money laundering and terrorism financing, Russia's Ambassador to Ecuador Andrei Veklenko said in an interview with Sputnik on Wednesday.
“[In November] we signed the convention on avoidance of double taxation. Just recently, the Russian Federal Financial Monitoring Service reached an agreement with the Ecuadorian counterpart on cooperation against money laundering and financing of terrorism,” Veklenko said.
The ambassador underlined that Russia and Ecuador are currently finalizing agreements on the extradition and transfer of prisoners even though Ecuador now grants all Russian requests for extradition.
Earlier in February, Ecuador's Foreign Minister Guillaume Long told Sputnik that the relations between Russia and Ecuador had a strategic character, adding that such a cooperation promoted the idea of a multipolar world.
Chamomile is the common name of a group of plants that have been used since ancient times as herbal remedy. There are several different species of chamomile; however, Matricaria recutita (German chamomile) and Chamaemelum nobile (Roman chamomile) are widely grown across the world. Matricaria recutita is a hardy plant that can be found in a variety of different soils and climate. The plant has historically been used in teas for treating fevers, flu, digestive disorders, and skin ailments. Chamomile oil, also known as blue oil, is the primary extract of the flowers and flower heads of the chamomile plant. This oil contains several compounds that have medicinal benefits with key constituent groups being coumarins, sesquiterpenes, polyacetylenes, and flavonoids.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/matricaria-recutitta-extract-market.html
These groups mainly consist of chamazulene, (E)-β-farnesene, α-bisabolol oxides A and α-bisabolol oxides B, α-bisabolol and terpene alcohol. The Matricaria recutita extracts are included as drugs in the pharmacopoeia of many countries across the globe and are known for their anti-inflammatory, antiseptic and spasmolytic properties.
Common process of obtaining the Matricaria recutita extract from the blossom of the plant is trough steam distillation. Under this process, hot steam is passed through a still containing the Matricaria recutita flowers. The hot steam penetrates the plant, forcing the essential oil out of the plant. It is then collected separately. Chamomile oil yields obtained from the Matricaria recutita flowers are very low, typical yields being only 0.2–0.4% of the total weight of the flowers. The extracted oil is used for a variety of medicinal purposes, with the general use being for mental and physical relaxation.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20408
Depending upon the therapeutic use, the oil can be ingested orally or can be topically applied. Matricaria recutita oil extract is used to ease insomnia, as a mood enhancer, mild anti-depressant, and an aid to calm nervousness or anxiety problems. Apart from its mental calming properties, the oil is also useful for soothing aching joints and muscles. The Matricaria recutita oil is commonly used as an ingredient in skin lotions and creams due to its anti-inflammatory and antibacterial properties. The oil is also used to ease digestive problems and soothe conjunctivitis symptoms. In addition to pharmaceutical uses, the oil is extensively employed in a number of commercial products including soaps, alcoholic beverages, detergents, perfumes, lotions, ointments, hair care products, food products, bakery products, and cosmetics
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
WITH a record-breaking 10 joeys born last breeding season, Australian Reptile Park has just the right koala-fications to keep our much-loved marsupial off the endangered list.
After birth, the joeys spend six months in mum's pouch, and many are emerging for the first time now.
Camera Icon Female koala joey Nakia has hit the seven-month mark. Picture: News Corp Australia, Liam Driver
“It's the most koala births we've ever seen,” the park's head of mammals Dean Reid said. “We have some koalas at around seven months old coming out of the pouch, and some only the size of a plum.”
While not endangered, the koalas are considered vulnerable and there are breeding programs in place across Australia.
Camera Icon Nakia's new to-do list includes getting to know Australian Reptile Park curator Hayley Shute. Picture: News Corp Australia, Liam Driver
Camera Icon All aboard for Nakia's first ride on a human. Picture: News Corp Australia, Liam Driver
Camera Icon Nakia is being hand-raised by Hayley. Picture: News Corp Australia, Liam Driver
The joeys are on display and will be with their mums until about the age of one, when they will be introduced to their own areas.
“All of the older ones at the moment are still a bit nervy and sticking close to mum so it won't be long until they start showing a bit of personality,” Mr Reid said.
Download The Daily Telegraph and Sunday Telegraph app for your smartphone or tablet to get the full story.
APPLE: DOWNLOAD THE APP FOR iOS
GOOGLE PLAY: DOWNLOAD THE APP FOR ANDROID
Camera Icon The Daily Telegraph and Sunday Telegraph app for your smartphone and tablet is a crackerjack way to read the stories that matter most to you Picture: The Daily Telegraph
Camera Icon Get alerts about the latest breaking news on your locked smartphone screen and then tap to go straight to the article Picture: The Daily Telegraph
WHAT YOU GET WITH OUR APP
► Live and latest news — Get the news as it breaks 24-hours a day, 7 days a week
► My News — Your own personal news feed. Tailor your news to get straight to the topics that matter to you
► Today's Paper — Read the paper anytime, anywhere with the digital replica of the paper, as its printed
► Notifications — Be the first to know when big stories break with instant news alerts straight to the locked screen on your smartphone and tablet
► Live Sport Scores — Stay on the ball with NRL and AFL live sport scores and expect analysis
► Share — Join the conversation and share your favourite stories via Facebook, Twitter or email
► Daily puzzles — With new crosswords and Sudoku puzzles every day, there's always something to keep your mind active
► Subscribe— Through the app (via iTunes) to start your 30-day FREE trial; then your subscription will automatically renew to $29.99 per month.
FIND OUT MORE HERE ►
Camera Icon Be alerted to breaking news as it happens or simply tap “Today's paper” to read the newspaper as it was printed Picture: The Daily Telegraph
Camera Icon Choose the news sections you want to read with “My topics” or get access to all sections with the interactive menu bar Picture: The Daily Telegraph
Camera Icon Read the digital replica of the newspaper as it was printed that day Picture: The Daily Telegraph
LISTEN TO AUSTRALIA'S No1 COLD CASE PODCAST
Camera Icon Eight Minutes is a special investigation podcast series into the cold case murder of David Breckenridge. Listen to it on your smartphone now Picture: The Daily Telegraph
► CHAPTER ONE: WHO KILLED DAVID BRECKENRIDGE?
► CHAPTER TWO: WHO WAS DAVID BRECKENRIDGE?
► CHAPTER THREE: WHY POLICE STOPPED DAVID'S CREMATION
► CHAPTER FOUR: LOVE TRIANGLE EXPOSED DURING INQUEST
► CHAPTER FIVE: NEW EVIDENCE IN HUNT FOR KILLER
►► SUBSCRIBE: LISTEN ON YOUR iPHONE
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook News // Facebook Sport // Facebook SuperCoach NRL // Facebook Sydney Confidential // Facebook Live Streaming // Twitter News // Twitter Sport // Twitter SuperCoach NRL // Twitter Sydney Confidential // Instagram Daily Telegraph
April 28 Jardine Cycle & Carriage Ltd:
* Qtrly profit attributable to shareholders $210 million versus $141 million
* Outlook for rest of year is positive with Astra expected to benefit from continued growth in Indonesian economy
* Group's revenue in Q1 was US$4.2 billion, 16% up on previous year
* Board has not declared a dividend for Q1 ended 31st March 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A single vehicle rolled over at Lakeshore and Whipsaw in Prescott Valley at about 9 a.m. Friday, Feb. 2, resulting in only minor injuries to the driver.
Police said the driver showed no signs of impairment but had possibly fallen asleep.
Further information was unavailable at press time.
In a generational matchup between two of the greatest Buffs to ever wear the black and gold, CUSportsNation members voted Rashaan Salaam past Byron "Whizzer" White in the second round of the Best Buff Running Back of All-Time Tournament.
Salaam received 76% of the votes.
"Heisman winner vs heisman runner-up," CUSportsNation.com member "Peekla" posted on the Buff Nation message board. "Both were the best RB in the country at their time. Salaam was bigger and faster but had incredible talent around him. I don't know a lot about the guys surrounding White. I love them both but will go with Salaam!"
"I obviously never got to see White play. However, I had to go with him," SBark added. "When they left CU, they also dominated the NFL. To me that demonstrates that they were even more dominant in their time than Salaam was in his."
Salaam will face the winner of Eric Bieniemy and Chris Brown in the 2-3 matchup. Bieniemy and Brown received the same number of votes during the nomination process and Brown got the No. 2 seed off a coin flip.
CUSportsNation.com Sign Up Link | Buff Nation Message Board
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
Have your say
Calvin Wellington, Liam Cooper and Jonah Cunningham - son of former Saints' boss Keiron Cunningham - have all joined Sheffield Eagles on loan for the rest of the season.
The St Helens trio have made the move to gain more game time but remain available for the Reserves if not selected by the Eagles.
Of the threeo, Calvin is the only one with Super League experience.
The Welsh centre made their debut against Huddersfield at the Magic Weekend in 2016.
Liam is a second rower who captained the Academy side to the Under 19s Championship last season while utility forward Jonah has appeared 10 times for the Reserves this year.
Saints' chief executive officer Mike Rush said: “The loan deals for Calvin, Liam and Jonah are a vital part of their development.
“They will remain available for our reserves but this will allow them to gain more game time and experience.
“We thank Sheffield for their help in securing these agreements.”
Meanwhile, Jake Spedding will return to the Saints after playing nine times for the Eagles.
Due to RFL operational rules, the centre has not appeared in enough games for Sheffield to be eligible to play for both sides in the final stage of the season.
Five of their matches were on loan and therefore not applicable.
Jack Owens has also signed for the Eagles.
The full back originally agreed terms to remain on loan at Sheffield until the end of the season.
But that has now become permanent after they were released from their contract.
“We wish them all the best in their future career and once again thank them for their efforts in the red vee,' said Mr Rush.
“This will allow them to gain more game time and experience.”
TULSA (AP) Oklahoma's struggle to close a $1 billion-plus budget shortfall was the state's top news story of 2016, according to survey of Associated Press journalists and its media customers.
The ongoing struggle to address the frequency of earthquakes was picked second in the AP's Oklahoma's Top 10 stories.
Woes within the law enforcement community occupied three spots with the killing of an unarmed black man by a Tulsa police officer, fallout from last year's shooting of an unarmed man by a reserve sheriff's deputy and the sentencing of a former Oklahoma City officer convicted of raping women they met on their beat.
The entire list:
1. Oklahoma's economy tanks amid a downturn in oil prices.
2. Earthquakes shake the state with increasing regularity.
3. A former Chesapeake CEO dies the day after they are indicted on bid-rigging charges.
4. A white Tulsa police officer shoots and kills an unarmed black man.
5. Oklahoma reworks its execution protocol, and a grand jury says the governor's chief lawyer encouraged the use of a wrong drug in a 2015 execution.
6. A former reserve sheriff's deputy is convicted of killing an unarmed man in 2015.
7. Voters reject a pay raise for teachers; districts shorten their weeks and some teachers flee for neighboring states that pay better.
8. Kevin Durant leaves the Thunder, but Russell Westbrook signs a contract extension.
9. Oklahoma's Republicans maintain their stranglehold on the reins of state government.
10.A former Oklahoma City police officer is sentenced to 263 years in prison for rape and other charges.
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Kenya's Mary Jepkosgei Keitany (C) during the Women's Elite race Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Kenya's Mary Jepkosgei Keitany during the Women's Elite race Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Kenya's Mary Jepkosgei Keitany during the Women's Elite race Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Kenya's Mary Jepkosgei Keitany poses with the trophy as they celebrate winning the Women's Elite race with second placed Ethiopia's Tirunesh Dibaba and third placed Aselefech Mergia Medessa Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Kenya's Mary Jepkosgei Keitany during the Women's Elite race Action Images via Reuters / Peter Cziborra Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Prince Harry poses with the winner of the men's elite race Kenya's Daniel Wanjiru and the winner of the women's elite race Kenya's Mary Jepkosgei Keitany Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon - London - 23/4/17 Kenya's Mary Jepkosgei Keitany celebrates winning the Women's Elite race and setting a new world record Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Kenya's Mary Keitany broke the women's only world record en route to their third London Marathon gold medal on Sunday, finishing in a time of 2 hours 17 minutes 01 seconds to beat Paula Radcliffe previous best by 41 seconds.
Radcliffe still holds the overall record of 2:15.25, which they set in a mixed gender race at the London Marathon in 2003 when they used male runners to help set the pace.
The IAAF recognises two marathon world records for women, one for "mixed gender" and the other for "women only".
Tirunesh Dibaba of Ethiopia finished Sunday's race 56 seconds adrift in second place, while Aselefech Mergia of Ethiopia was third.
(Reporting by Matt Westby, additional reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
An elderly care home opened its doors to nursery children so they could meet its latest arrivals - six newly-hatched chickens.
The six chicks were born from incubated eggs at Manor Park Care Home in Castleford, which was visited by children from neighbouring Unicorn Nursery.
The hatchling idea was part of a project to bring to together old and young people to reduce social isolation.
It was set up as part of the district's Connecting Care programme.
The children will visit the Leeds Road care home every day for three weeks to meet residents and learn about the chicks as they grow.
Sweden, which holds the rotating Security Council presidency, requests the closed-door meeting along with Kuwait
Published 2:35 PM, July 04, 2018
UNITED NATIONS – The UN Security Council will hold an emergency meeting Thursday, July 5, to discuss the Syrian army's Russia-backed offensive against rebel groups that has forced some 300,000 people to flee, diplomats said.
Sweden, which holds the rotating Security Council presidency, requested the closed-door meeting along with Kuwait, Swedish diplomats said Tuesday, July 3.
The United Nations estimates that between 270,000 and 330,000 Syrians have fled since June 19 the ongoing bombings in the southwestern province of Daraa.
For Thursday's meeting, the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs will report to the 15 Council members about the humanitarian situation in Daraa, which borders Jordan.
The increased violence "indicates yet another failure by the parties of the conflict to protect civilians and civilian infrastructure," Sweden's UN mission said.
"Efforts must be intensified to de-escalate violence, also to enable the UN cross-border convoy from Jordan that is on standby at the border to deploy as soon as possible."
Jordan and Israel have said their borders would remain closed, even as tens of thousands of Syrians flee the government offensive.
Jordan, which has recorded some 650,000 Syrian refugees to the UN on its soil, says it can no longer accept more.
"Intense air and ground based strikes have reportedly continued in multiple areas in Syria's Daraa Governorate, resulting in the death and injury of civilians and the largest displacement in the area since the conflict began," UN deputy spokesperson Farhan Haq told reporters.
"The situation of internally displaced people at the Jordanian border is precarious, aggravated by dusty desert winds and high temperatures of up to 45 degrees Celsius (113 Fahrenheit)."
They pointed to local reports of at least 12 children, two women and one elderly man who have died near the Jordanian border from scorpion bites, dehydration and disease spread through contaminated water.
Haq said the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights had urged Jordan to open its border and for other countries in the region to welcome the civilian refugees.
More than 350,000 people have been killed since Syria's brutal civil war began in 2011, with millions more displaced. All international calls to halt the offensive in Daraa have so far fallen on deaf ears. – Rappler.com
Whether it's a new idea that needs money to start, or an existing business that needs money to grow, there are a lot of funding options that don't require sharing ownership with investors.
Don't get me wrong; I am an angel investor, a member of a group of us in Oregon. I'm not saying anything against the investors. But the fact is that taking in investment means sharing ownership and having new co-owners. You no longer own the business yourself. Even if you manage to bring in investors without losing majority control, all shareholders have rights. Your decisions are no longer your own.
Crowdfunding has finally, after years of delay, started. It was allowed by the JOBS Act of 2012, but required detailed regulations that are still coming slowly. If it goes well—the results aren't in yet—it may offer another way to get investment for a business to start or grow. But it is still investment, which means shared ownership.
Funding from family and friends is also investment, and means distributed ownership amongst those parties. Friends and family funding normally means smaller amounts, contributed by individuals or groups a business owner or entrepreneur already knows.
But what are the other options? There are a lot of other ways to get some working capital and fund your business, without sharing the ownership.
Not All Businesses Need Funding
The common assumption that all businesses need funding is simply wrong. Millions of service businesses don't require expensive assets and startup expenses to get going. The consultant, graphic artist, bookkeeper, and freelance writer, to name a few, can start a business without anything but expertise and a first client.
A variety of professionals, such as doctors, lawyers, architects, and accountants, need years of schooling, licenses, and certifications prior to launching and seeking funding for their business. Oftentimes, these professionals spend money on office space, office equipment, logos, websites, and branding—but they don't have to initially.
For a lot of these businesses, what they need to start is a first client. Additional money is nice, but not needed.
The best financing is early sales.
I know of several people who turned to Kickstarter to successfully raise money from pre-sales. Where I live, there's a healthy yoghurt business that raised $20,000 for startup equipment by offering bundles of future purchases at an attractive discount through Kickstarter. There's also a healthy juice food cart that gave cloth shopping bags and pre-paid collections of juices (to be redeemed later, after the cart opened) to customers, before opening, to get funds to buy and outfit the cart. I even prepaid a book over Kickstarter to get an autographed copy when it finally came out.
I mention Kickstarter because it's the biggest and most well-known crowdfunding platform, but it's not the only site providing ways to let people pre-buy product or services to facilitate early capital. You can also research Indiegogo, Rockethub, and many more that are cropping up. The idea is giving people incentives in order that they buy products and services that aren't yet available. Then startups can borrow money based on the commitments made over these sites.
Pre-ordering or pre-sales aren't confined to such platforms. Even before the web, it was possible for a startup to get early money from a future customer, sometimes, by offering the right deal. For example, I know of a deal between a software company and a magazine, in which the magazine committed to buying 1,000 units of a software product before they were available. And sometimes a pre-order or pre-sale will help finance the development of a product or service. That's unusual, but it happens.
And some businesses can focus on the low-hanging fruit in the business to get revenues quickly, and use the early revenues to fund later growth. The most obvious example is the person who rents a food cart and starts serving customers, then uses the money from successful food cart sales to eventually contract a location and open the full restaurant.
Bank Loans
Banks don't invest in business plans. Banking law prohibits banks risking depositors' money on a business plan.
Still, banks are nonetheless one of the most common sources of business financing. How can that be? Because small business owners borrow from banks, using personal assets like home equity, to finance their businesses. My wife and I had liens on our house for years because we were using a bank credit line to finance our software business. A business that has been around for a few years generates enough stability and assets to serve as collateral. Banks commonly make loans to small businesses backed by the company's inventory or accounts receivable. Normally there are formulas that determine how much can be loaned, depending on how much is in inventory and in accounts receivable.
One of the most popular functions of the Small Business Administration (SBA) is to help fill the financing gaps for small businesses by guaranteeing loans that a lender makes to small businesses that they would otherwise not be able to finance. The SBA guarantees up to 85 percent of a business loan to support the business and offset risk to the bank. The majority of SBA loans are applied for and administered by local banks; however credit unions, non-profit lenders, and other lenders may also participate to provide SBA guaranteed loans. Your primary point of contact will be with a local lender throughout the process.
For startup loans, lenders participating in SBA's programs will normally require an equity injection (investment) from the applicant small business in addition to any financing that the bank would provide. SBA does not have a minimum requirement for equity, and participating lenders apply reasonable and prudent standards based on the business's ability to repay the proposed loan. Depending on the size of the loan, the lender must consider collateral such as any asset being financed with proceeds, other business and personal assets for collateral. Delegated Lenders participating in SBA programs can take as little as three days to approve an SBA-guaranteed loan to an eligible small business. If your own bank isn't an approved SBA lender, you may contact your local SBA District Office (in every state) to request a list of participating lenders, or access additional information at www.sba.gov.
Non-Bank Business Loans
Aside from standard bank loans, an established small business can also turn to accounts receivable specialists to borrow against its accounts receivables.
The most common accounts receivable financing is used to support cash flow when working capital is hung up in accounts receivable. For example, if your business sells to distributors that take 60 days to pay, and the outstanding invoices waiting for payment (but not late) come to $100,000, your company can probably borrow more than $50,000. Interest rates and fees may be relatively high, but this is still often a good source of small business financing. In most cases, the lender doesn't take the risk of payment—if your customer doesn't pay you, you have to pay the money back anyhow. These lenders will often review your debtors, and choose to finance some or all of the invoices outstanding.
Another related business practice is called factoring. So-called factors actually purchase obligations, so if a customer owes you $100,000 you can sell the related paperwork to the factor for some percentage of the total amount. In this case, the factor takes the risk of payment, so discounts are obviously quite steep. Ask your banker for additional information about factoring.
In addition, equipment manufacturers often offer their own financing for major purchases. This is similar to a car loan to fund the purchase of a business van. It's also common with equipment for restaurant kitchens, shrink wrapping, and other businesses.
Words of Warning
Never, never spend somebody else's money without first doing the legal work properly. Have the papers done by professionals, and make sure they're signed.
Never, never spend money that has been promised but not delivered. Often companies get investment commitments and contract for expenses, and then the investment falls through. Avoid turning to friends and family for investment. The worst possible time to not have the support of friends and family is when your business is in trouble. You risk losing friends, family, and your business at the same time.
Summary
Most businesses are financed by home equity or savings as they start. Only a few can attract outside investment. Investor deals are extremely rare. Borrowing will always depend on collateral and guarantees, not on business plans or ideas.
Source: SBA
Greek Cypriots dodged a bullet by rejecting the Annan plan in 2004, the more hardline parties on the Cyprus issue said on Tuesday, the 14th anniversary of the simultaneous referendums on both sides in which Turkish Cypriots voted yes.
Diko, whose founder Tassos Papadopoulos was president in 2004 and led the charge against accepting the UN settlement blueprint, said in a statement that Greek Cypriots had voted not to mortgage the future of Cypriot Hellenism in exchange for promises from Turkey with no guarantee they would be kept.
The party, which is now led by Papadopoulos' son Nicolas, then cited the late president's quote at the time: “I received an internationally recognised sovereign state, I will not deliver a community without a right to speak internationally and in search of a guardian. And all against empty, misleading, expectations, against the unrealistic illusion that Turkey will honour its commitments”.
Diko said that “unfortunately” the Greek Cypriot rejection of the Annan plan had not been respected, and the choices of successive governments since had made things worse.
“Now, provisions are being discussed that are worse than those of the Annan plan,” the party said, adding that it wished to remind people that Greek Cypriots did not reject the solution of the Cyprus problem, but a specific proposal with specific provisions.
Socialist Edek called the Annan plan “racist” and said that although “history has justified the people's choice, political circles within and outside of the island, still disrespect the verdict and are still attempting to push a solution that would give Turkey full control of the Cyprus state.
“The only possible, viable and workable solution in the Cyprus problem is a democratic solution, fully securing the political and human rights of all citizens, the European acquis and the creation of a normal European state and not a protectorate of Turkey,” it added.
The Solidarity Movement said even though the Annan plan was rejected, there were quarters that were attempting to bring back parts of it. Turkey's goals remain unchanged, it added.
“Fourteen years after the referendum… even though Turkey disputes the borders of Greece, has invaded Syria, has exterminated the Kurds, still has people believing that the re-election of Tayyip Erdoğan will pave the way for a solution to the Cyprus problem,” it added.
“Erdoğan's and the occupation regime's attitude is even tougher than before. All that is said and officially declared by Turkey is propaganda, and we must not in any way have our side become a victim of this propaganda.”
Hardliners have been criticised by pro-solution advocates over the years for not taking into account where the main issues – troops withdrawal, territorial adjustments and return of refugees – might stand had the Annan plan been accepted by Greek Cypriots as well.
Greek Cypriots overwhelmingly rejected the plan, with 75.8 per cent voting against, while Turkish Cypriots accepted it, with 64.9 per cent in favour.
Diko's comment on Tuesday that provisions were being discussed now that were worse than those of the Annan plan could come across as a vindication to pro-solution campaigners. While the outcome of whether the plan would have worked or not cannot be known, certain technical provisions would have been already implemented.
For instance, the Turkish Cypriot constituent state would be 28.5 per cent as opposed to the current 36.2 per cent. This would have taken place in six phases over a 42-month period, starting 104 days after the agreement came into force.
Morphou, Famagusta and 82 villages would be already under Greek Cypriot control again, while the Karpas would have had self-rule to a large extent. In addition, the number of Turkish settlers would have been limited to 5 per cent the number of Turkish Cypriots holding internal constituent state citizenship.
The property issue would likely have been long resolved.
Also, the plan had a provision that by 2018, or the European Union accession of Turkey, whichever was sooner, Greek and Turkish military contingents would have been reduced to 950 and 650 respectively subject to three-yearly review with the objective of total withdrawal.
This week also saw another anniversary; 15 years since the opening of the crossing points on April 23, 2003.
A ten-year study conducted in 2007, 2010 and 2017 by University of Cyprus associate professor Charis Psaltis, the latter which was published in January this year, that contact between the two communities since the crossings opened, had contributed significantly to dispelling past prejudices nurtured by two separate societies, political, and educational systems.
An injury crash in the westbound Interstate 40 lanes near Interstate 35 at the Dallas Junction is causing a traffic backup Wednesday.
Emergency crews were called to the area shortly after 4 p.m. Wednesday in the westbound lanes just east of I-35.
When emergency crews arrived, they found three vehicles were involved in the crash.
The extent of the injuries are not known at this time.
Motorists are asked to avoid the area if possible.
Stay with News 9 and News9.com as more information becomes available.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WATERBURY, Conn. - Christmas is around the corner, but for Jaspal Singh the cheer came a little bit sooner.
"In the spirit of the holiday I want to do something special," Singh told WTIC.
Singh has been working in Waterbury for around five years. In that time they say the community has embraced them as one of their own. Singh observed how many of their surrounding community members go to sleep hungry.
So they did something about it.​
On Saturdays Singh rents out a food truck from Frankie's Hot Dog King and feeds the needy. Hundreds line up outside the truck to eat free hot dogs, hamburgers and french fries.
“Before they go to bed, they should have food in their belly," Singh said. "That's my only wish."
Next they plan to offer blankets and clothing to those who need it through the winter months.
Singh says the feeling is priceless.
“Over time I see somebody smiling I say thank you God," Singh said. "I just want to do something so I could give smiles to more people."
New York-based reporter Michalis Ignatiou has denied claims made by Paphos Mayor Phedonas Phedonos that they were biased because they had close relations with a Greek magnate whose company was embroiled in a corruption scandal in Cyprus.
In a statement on Monday, Phedonos said they were suspicious of the journalist's opinion piece, which daily Phileleftheros ran last weekend.
The mayor said Ignatiou had close professional relations to the Bobolas family, the owners of Helector, the company at the centre of a waste management scandal.
Helector, the operator of two landfills – one at Marathounda, Paphos, the other at Koshi, Larnaca – is alleged to have overcharged municipalities while public officials skimming off the top turned a blind eye.
Interviewed previously by Cypriot police, Helector executives have alleged that Bobolas was not only aware of the overcharging and the bribes, but was also orchestrating the backhanders from Athens.
Last year Cyprus asked Greece to extradite Bobolas, but the request was denied.
Phedonos themselves had been instrumental in exposing the affair.
According to the mayor, Ignatiou is tied to the Bobolas family by virtue of the fact they hold in their own name the shares of the family in the Mega television network.
This made Ignatiou a “representative” of the Bobolas family, the mayor said.
“Evidently annoyed by my stance about the scandal which implicates companies and members of the Bobolas group, they [Ignatiou] is attacking me and seeking to discredit me.
“His efforts shall fail.”
In their opinion piece, Ignatiou had suggested the mayor has a habit of shooting from the hip – hurling accusations without backing them up with evidence.
This, the journalist warned, could backfire on the mayor, whom they described as “Zorro”.
In a letter to the Cyprus Mail from their lawyers, Ignatiou said they neither had nor has any participation or share in Mega Cyprus or Greece.
“In fact, when Mega Greece entered the Greek stockmarket, the company gave all workers the chance to buy shares but Mr. Ignatiou chose not to,” the letter said.
“It was never proposed to them to write Mega Cyprus shares to their name,” it added.
Ignatiou never took part in discussions between Mega and Logos for the latter's acquisition.
“He never held an executive position in Cyprus or Greece and they were and still is (the channel's) correspondent in Washington DC and the UN from 1999 until today.”
LAWRENCEBURG, Ky. — A video of a Kentucky man using Walmart's intercom system to ask for help has gone viral.
Forrest Hunter posted the video to Facebook on Friday and it already has 39,000 shares and 1.9 million views as of Tuesday afternoon.
The video, captioned “When you get sick of waiting on somebody at Walmart,” shows Hunter in the sporting goods section of the store. They pick up the store telephone and uses the intercom.
“Customer needs assistance in sporting goods please. I'm the customer,” they said.
Hunter told WKYT a Walmart associate came over to help them afterward and was a little embarrassed. They said they didn't get in any trouble for using the intercom.
One man is in custody and police are searching for another accused in the kidnapping and rape of a 12 year-old boy at a Brookhaven apartment complex.
Scroll for more content...
Kevin Walker, 46, was arrested around 1 p.m. on Sunday at the complex, located on the 2700 block of Buford Highway. Another suspect, 38 year-old Kelvin Armstrong, is still being sought by police.
According to the Brookhaven Police Department, Walker and Armstrong are accused of grabbing the boy from behind and dragging them into an apartment unit at the complex. Once inside, police say the men held the boy against their will and raped him.
Walker was quickly taken into custody following the incident while Armstrong remains on the loose. Walker is facing charges of possession of meth, aggravated sodomy, aggravated sexual battery, reckless conduct, kidnapping, aggravated child molestation, enticing a child for indecent purposes and first-degree cruelty to children.
Armstrong is described as a black male standing about 5'11" tall and weighing around 160 pounds. They have black hair and brown eyes. He's wanted on charges of aggravated sodomy, aggravated child molestation and first-degree cruelty to children.
If you have any information on Armstrong's whereabouts, you're asked to contact Brookhaven Police at 404-637-0610.
ANAHEIM, Calif. — The ISU Four Continents figure skating championships are returning to the U.S. for the first time in seven years.
The meet is scheduled for Feb. 7-10 at Honda Center in Anaheim, California, home to the NHL's Anaheim Ducks.
The competition in singles, pairs and ice dancing features skaters from the Americas, Asia, Africa and Oceania.
The U.S. team will be made up of three skaters or teams in each discipline and will be named after the U.S. nationals in Detroit on Jan. 19-27.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Play3 Day' game
ROCKY HILL, Conn. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday afternoon's drawing of the Connecticut Lottery's "Play3 Day" game were:
5-7-9
(five, seven, nine)
Bottom Line: Taking aspirin plus an anti-clotting medication for one year after heart bypass surgery resulted in less narrowing of the vein used to bypass a blocked artery than taking aspirin alone.
Why The Research Is Interesting: Previous data have shown that the rate of failure of a graft of a saphenous vein (a vein from the leg) was approximately 15% to 20% within one year after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery and was associated with worse long-term outcomes. Antiplatelet (anti-clotting) therapy with aspirin improves vein graft patency (less narrowing, blockage of the vein). The effect of the anti-clotting drug ticagrelor with or without aspirin on grafted saphenous veins in patients undergoing CABG is unknown.
Who and When: 500 patients who underwent CABG were enrolled in a randomized clinical trial in 2014 and 2015, with final follow-up in early 2017.
What (Study Interventions and Outcomes): Within 24 hours after CABG, 168 patients received ticagrelor (twice daily) and aspirin (once daily); 166 patients received ticagrelor (twice daily); 166 patients received aspirin (once daily) (interventions); patency of the grafted vein (less than 50% narrowing) one year after CABG (outcome)
How (Study Design): This was a randomized clinical trial (RCT). RCTs allow for the strongest inferences to be made about the true effect of an intervention. However, not all RCT results can be replicated in real-world settings because patient characteristics or other variables may differ from those studied in the RCT.
Authors: Qiang Zhao, M.D., Ph.D., Ruijin Hospital Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, Shanghai, China and coauthors
Study Limitations: The trial was designed specifically to examine saphenous vein graft patency so the results cannot be generalized to include arterial grafts. The trial was not equipped to identify a significant effect on the incidence of major adverse cardiac events or other secondary and bleeding outcomes.
Related material: The editorial, "Ticagrelor Following Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting," by John H. Alexander, M.D., M.H.S., of Duke University Medical Center, Durham, North Carolina, is also available on the For The Media website .
For more details and to read the full study, please visit the For The Media website.
(doi:10.1001/jama.2018.3197)
Editor's Note: Please see the article for additional information, including other authors, author contributions and affiliations, financial disclosures, funding and support, etc.
###
Aurangabad:: Even as the Maharashtra Government assuaged the anger of farmers by waiving off thier loans, a video of a farmer getting beaten up by Congress MLA from Sillod along with their supporters has gone viral.
MLA Abdul Sattar Abdul Nabi allegedly beat up farmers over a land dispute.
When asked the reason behind it, Nabi told ANI, "The land belongs to Dalit brothers. I don't have any connection with it. The situation at that time was such that I had to take that step."
This incident comes at a time when the farmers have been agitating across the country for loan waivers and better cash for their produce.
On June 1, farmers from the Ahmednagar district went on a strike followed by many farmers groups in other parts, who tried to suspend vegetable and milk supply to Mumbai.
Last week, a farmer in the Solapur district, before ending their lives due to debt, wrote that unless the Chief Minister visits their farm, their body should not be cremated.
Also, Madhya Pradesh's Mandsaur has become the epicenter of a farmers' agitation over a demand for loan waivers and better prices for their produce.
During the agitation, six farmers were gunned down by the police, thereby drawing criticism from political parties. The situation forced the district officials to impose Section 144, and restricted prominent personalities from visiting the violence-hit district.
Section 144 was later revoked ahead of the visit of MP Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's visit to the families of the deceased.
Rolls-Royce has launched Pearl, a new engine family for business aviation that will propel Bombardier Global series aircraft.
The Pearl 15 engine, the first in the new series, will deliver up to 15,125lb of thrust (67.3kN), nine per cent more than its predecessor, but will be 2dB quieter and will deliver a seven per cent improvement in specific fuel consumption, with best-in class performance for NO x emissions, Rolls-Royce claims.
The new engine is descended from two ancestors: the BR700, Rolls-Royce's current class leader for business aviation, and the Advance2 technology demonstrator programme. These are twin-spool engines; that is, the high-pressure compressor and high-pressure turbine blades are mounted on a shaft that is concentric to, and rotates independently of, the shaft holding the low-pressure compressor and turbine blades.
In Trent engines, which power civil airliners and are triple-spool (with an intermediate stage of compressor and turbine, also mounted on a concentric, independent shaft), the intermediate stage compressor takes the majority of the load of forcing air into the combustion chamber. In Advance2, the high-pressure compressor takes on a greater proportion of the load.
The new series is designed specifically for long-range business jets, which will be capable of speeds up to Mach 0.9. David Coleal, president, Bombardier Business Aircraft, said: “The Global 5500 and Global 6500 aircraft have the longest range, the largest cabins and the smoothest ride in their class, and we are very proud that they will be powered by the advanced and efficient Pearl engine, purpose-built for these aircraft by our longstanding partners at Rolls-Royce.”
Chris Cholerton, president of Rolls-Royce's civil aerospace division, added: “The Pearl engine is a pioneering product, bringing together the most eco-friendly and efficient technologies available today. The combination of outstanding performance, economy, and reliability levels make it the perfect fit for Bombardier's newest Global aircraft and, with the Pearl engine, we are extending our successful relationship with Bombardier, which started more than 20 years ago.” To date, Rolls-Royce has delivered some 1700 engines to Bombardier.
The engine was designed at Rolls-Royce's Centre of Excellence for business aviation engines in Dahlewitz, Germany. Other features include a new engine health monitoring system including advanced vibration detection, remote engine diagnostics, and equipment for bi-directional communication that will allow the engine monitoring features to be reconfigured from the ground.
“These developments ensure that cloud-based analytics and Big Data continue to play an increasing role in delivering exceptional levels of availability and greater peace of mind for customers.” Rolls-Royce said.
CLICK HERE FOR MORE AEROSPACE NEWS
A man is dead following a shooting at G.W. Animal Park in Wynnewood, Friday afternoon.
A man is dead following a shooting at G.W. Animal Park in Wynnewood, Friday afternoon.
According to the Garvin County Undersheriff, officers responded to the shooting around 12:40 p.m. Upon arrival, they located the deceased male.
The medical examiner is on the scene.
Though names are not being released by the police, the man who died is reportedly Joseph Maldonado's, also known as “Joe Exotic”, husband.
An investigation is underway.
Stay with News 9 and News9.com for more as it becomes available.
This New Year's Eve I finished up some benchmarks of the Linux 4.5 through Linux 4.10 Git kernels on a powerful Core i7 6800K "Broadwell-E" system. I found some improvements with 4.10 Git, but there are also some evident regressions.I'll have more benchmark results in the New Year as time allows and the 4.10 development settling down, but from the tests I did so far on the Core i7 6800K system there is some concern over what appears to be some definite and noticeable regressions.The same Intel Core i7 6800K + MSI X99A WORKSTATION + 4 x 4GB DDR4 + Samsung 850 EVO SSD + NVIDIA GeForce GTX TITAN X were used for the duration of these benchmarks.One of the tests showing an improvement with Linux 4.10 is HPC Challenge's EP-STREAM Triad.But for many of the scientific OpenMP tests, Linux 4.10 on this box appears to be definitely slower.With other tests there are some smaller changes in either direction.FFmpeg appeared to be one of the cases showing a nice improvement.Stay tuned for more Linux 4.10 benchmarks next week. Find many more of these early benchmark results via this OpenBenchmarking.org result file
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
0 Confessed Parkland school shooters's brother arrested for allegedly trespassing at Stoneman Douglas
PARKLAND, Fla. - The brother of confessed school shooter Nikolas Cruz was arrested Monday afternoon for trespassing on the Marjory Stoneman Douglas campus in Parkland, according to the Broward County Sheriff' Office.
>> Read more trending news
Zachary Cruz, 18, told deputies they went to the campus to “reflect on the school shooting and soak it in,” according to the arrest report.
The sheriff's office said they rode their skateboard through the campus, passing all locked doors and gates. Deputies said they were previously warned by school officials to stay away from the campus.
The sheriff's office said Zachary Cruz has no connections to Broward County at this time. Before the shootings, they lived with their brother and family friend, Rocxanne Deschamps, in a Lantana-area mobile home.
>> Related: Florida school shooting timeline: Seven minutes, three floors and 17 dead
Nikolas Cruz, 19, is charged in a 34-count indictment with killing 17 people and wounding 17 others.  They are being held without bail at the Broward County Jail after the Feb. 14 school shooting that left 14 students and three adults dead.
After the fatal shootings, Zachary Cruz was put under a mental-health evaluation. They told investigators that as they drove home with Deschamps after they heard about the shootings they said, "I don't want to be alive. I don't want to deal with this stuff."
>> Related: Florida school shooting: What we know about the victims
They have denied wanting either to kill or harm himself.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
The appointment will be effective from January 1 next year.
Opel, the German vehicle brand owned by General Motors (GM) that is in the process of being sold to the French-based PSA Group, has confirmed its commitment to South Africa by appointing the Williams Hunt group, part of the Unitrans group, as the dedicated distributor of the brand in the country.
The announcement followed the decision announced by GM last month to disinvest from South African shores and stop manufacturing and sales of Chevrolet vehicles in the country.
In terms of GM's disinvestment plan, Japan-based Isuzu Motors, through a newly established company, Isuzu Motors South Africa, will acquire GM's light commercial vehicle manufacturing operations in Struandale, Port Elizabeth, and continue manufacturing its Isuzu KB and medium-commercial vehicles and heavy-duty trucks in South Africa.
GM's 132 dealers were to be reduced to about 90 Isuzu dealers in the restructuring.
GM sub-Saharan Africa president and managing director Ian Nicholls said last month at the disinvestment announcement that GM would work with PSA, the manufacturer of Peugeot and Citroen, to develop a future strategy for the Opel brand in South Africa.
ALSO READ: Why GM is leaving SA
Opel director of international sales Bill Mott said the PSA deal was expected to be finalised in the second half of this year.
They said Opel did not see any direct relationship with the PSA group in South Africa and its relationship would be with the Williams Hunt group, which would represent the brand in the country in terms of the plan and strategy developed for South Africa.
They said the Williams Hunt group had been a key Opel partner in South Africa for many years and was today responsible for about 20percent of its national sales volumes.
Mott said Williams Hunt would establish 35 dealerships across the country to distribute and service Opel vehicles.
“Under our new structure, Opel owners can expect the same quality of after-sales care and there will be no change to existing warranties and service plans,” they added.
Roy Pepper, the divisional chief executive of Williams Hunt, said the group would not control all 35 dealers, but would franchise some to dealers within the existing GM dealer network.
Mott said this was an extremely exciting year for Opel, with its huge model offensive in full swing, which would result in seven new models being launched this year alone - the most new cars it had brought to market in a single year in its history.
They said Opel would be launching a total of 29 new models in the time frame from last year to 2020.
Among the seven newcomers launched this year was the new Crossland X, a sub-compact sport utility vehicle that would be launched in South Africa at the end of this year, and the Graceland X next year.
Nicholls said Opel had been selling cars in South Africa since the 1930s, and sales of the brand had grown 9.6percent over the past two years while the market had decreased by more than 15 percent.
BUSINESS REPORT
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Close to 100 XXXX brewery workers will walk off the job next week in a move that could disrupt beer supplies to the Commonwealth Games.
The Brisbane workers, who will strike next Monday, are fed up with job insecurity and threats to water down their conditions after nearly a third of their workforce was made redundant in recent years.
United Voice Queensland spokesperson Damien Davie said management needs to come to the bargaining table or they'll risk disrupting the beer supply for the games.
Teresa's Club was a staple along Highway 80 for 25 years until the owner, Teresa Fears, met Jesus Christ through friendships with members of Mobberly Baptist Church.
Contributed photo
Members of Mobberly Baptist Church join in a night of worship at the former Teresa's Club, which closed after owner Teresa Fears turned to Christ.
Afterward, it was Fears' idea to close down their adult club in Longview, Texas.
The Mobberly “church ladies,” as Teresa calls them, have changed their lives. And they have changed their lives in sharing the gospel.
Mobberly's involvement with Fears began more than three years ago when worship team member Laney Wootten began praying about the club.
“The Lord made it clear that I was not just to pray but to do something,” Wootten said. They searched the club's Facebook page and was surprised that the owner was a woman with a passion for helping special needs children.
Fears accepted Wootten's friend request and the two began messaging on Facebook. Wooten, the parent of an autistic son, found common ground with Fears, who regularly volunteered at the Truman W. Smith Children's Care Center for medically fragile children and youth in nearby Gladewater.
“We talked online for two weeks,” Wootten recounted. “I knew we needed to come into the club to really reach her.”
Fears was initially reluctant after visits from groups from other churches. Since they also regularly fed homeless people from the club, they asked for help with that instead.
“We said yes,” Wootten said. “We wanted Teresa to know we were validating what they were doing to help others and wanted to support her.” Wootten talked to Mobberly pastors and invited children's minister Sharon Brooks to accompany them to Teresa's.
Photo by Alyssa Rummel.
Former adult dance club owner Teresa Fears arrives at the moment of their baptism by Gregg Zackary, associate pastor of Mobberly Baptist Church in Longview, Texas.
“They got to be my friends,” said Fears, who has been “on their own” since age 14. “They did not automatically try to shove anything in my face.”
Wootten and Brooks began visiting Teresa's and continued sending their messages. On Mother's Day weekend, Fears proved unreachable on Facebook.
“We knew they were depressed and in chronic pain,” Brooks said. Armed with beans, cornbread, flowers and a book, Wootten and Brooks went to Fears' home for what Brooks called “our first truly meaningful spiritual conversation.”
“Teresa said later the tangible things we brought to meet their physical needs spoke to them and the fact that we went to the trouble to track them down because we were concerned,” Wootten said.
That day Fears asked why God allowed bad things to happen to children, giving Wootten an “open door” to share both the gospel and their son's struggles with autism.
Mobberly associate pastor Gregg Zackary and their wife Tina also were instrumental in reaching Teresa. Zackary had formerly struggled with depression, so Brooks and Wootten thought they could minister to Fears alongside their outreach, which had extended to providing meals for them and the ladies who worked there before the club opened Saturday evenings.
“Before I went, I thought and prayed about it seriously.” They consulted accountability partners and other Mobberly pastors asking for prayer.
“We didn't want anything to happen that would not glorify the Lord,” Zackary said. “My wife and I went to the club. I shared my testimony. We listened to Teresa and were heartbroken over the pain they had endured. We prayed for her.”
Wootten called Zackary's visit “a huge turning point,” the first time a pastor had come through Teresa's doors to offer help. The Zackarys also began messaging Fears with scripture and biblically based questions.
The Zackarys went twice to the club before Fears started attending church at Mobberly's satellite in Marshall and later at the Longview campus. They brought friends to church including homeless people and club workers, and was welcomed by members who had ministered to them at the club.
Fears trusted Christ after meeting with Mobberly staff in August including Zackary, pastor Glynn Stone and two women's ministry leaders.
“We listened to Teresa and invited them to share the things on their heart,” Zackary said. “Pastor Glynn and I had a chance to explain the gospel to her.“
When Fears said their religion was “kindness,” Zackary noted that it is a character trait of God, exhibited through people controlled by Their Spirit. And they discussed repentance with Zackary sharing Romans 2:4 that God's “kindness leads us to repentance.”
“Pastor Glynn asked if Teresa was willing to be ‘all in,'” Zackary said. “That was the day they surrendered to Jesus.”
When Fears left the meeting, they posted on Facebook that they were closing the club.
“Her perspective changed totally, and they saw it as evil, not honoring to the Lord,” Zachary said. “She was not pressured. It was the Holy Spirit who convicted her.”
Fear has since donated the club's furniture to a nonprofit. The “church ladies” remain their friends. Wootten's mother teaches a Bible study in Teresa's home, attended by many veterans of the sex industry.
Fears was baptized Dec. 4, and three women who accompanied them to the service placed their trust in Christ that day, Zackary said.
Wootten, Brooks and Zackary agree that Fears has taught them much about reaching the lost and has yielded a network of supporters of more than 30 women.
Zackary said the church's mission for the next 10 years is Engage 10K – “to engage 10,000 households with the gospel of Jesus Christ, mobilizing the entire body of Christ to have relationships with people outside the walls of the church and to get to know their households.
“For Teresa, their household was really their club, the people they did life with,” Zackary said.
“We realized we had to go into the club expecting absolutely nothing,” Wootten said. “Not keeping any sort of tab on the good we were doing. We learned to come in with literally zero strings attached, out of our love for Christ. We never pressured them to make changes. We allowed the Holy Spirit to do that. We came in with truth. We looked for opportunities to speak the truth as God opened doors for us. We had to allow the Lord to work. They did more than we could have asked.”
“God led Laney to Teresa at the start of our church's gospel challenge,” Brooks added. “It has changed the way our church perceives evangelism.”
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Jane Rodgers is a correspondent for the Southern Baptist TEXAN, texanonline.net, newsjournal of the Southern Baptists of Texas Convention.)
