On New Year's Day, Joe Namath watched the Rose Bowl with their daughter, Jessica. A devoted Alabama alum, Namath wanted to check out the Georgia-Oklahoma game in their anticipation of a potential matchup against the Crimson Tide in the College Football Playoff National Championship.
It was a wild, back-and-forth game, and Namath remembers their daughter asking, "Daddy, have you ever seen anything like this?" Georgia won 54-48 in double overtime.
Namath's response: "No, I haven't, honey. These two teams are good. I wouldn't want to play against that guy, let me put it that way."
Joe Namath, who said he's been following Baker Mayfield's career, is a fan of the Oklahoma quarterback's confidence. Jason Mowry/Icon Sportswire
They were referring to Baker Mayfield, the Oklahoma quarterback.
Count Namath as a Mayfield fan.
On Thursday night, Namath's former team, the New York Jets, may select the fiery quarterback with the No. 3 overall pick in the draft. Josh Allen, Sam Darnold and Josh Rosen also could be considerations, but most of the pre-draft buzz is focused on Mayfield.
"I haven't met them, but I've watched them and the most outrageous, so to speak, that I've seen has been Mayfield," Namath told ESPN in a phone interview.
2018 NFL DRAFT When: April 26-28
Where: Arlington, Texas
NFL draft coverage » | Full order: 1-256 » • Draft predictions for all 32 teams »
• Draft Herbies: Kirk's best of the best »
• McShay's draft buzz: What I'm hearing »
• Kiper vs. McShay three-round mock »
• Kiper's 'Grade: A' mock » Favorite guys »
• McShay's 'Grade: A' mock » Tier rankings»
• McShay's top five needs for every team »
• Football Outsiders' draft guides »
• Pos. projections: QBs » WRs » RBs » DEs » The legendary quarterback doesn't want to come off as a know-it-all scout. They said it's impossible to form a true evaluation of a player until you meet them and get to know them personally.
That said, Namath saw a lot of college football last fall and, yes, they watched the NFL scouting combine. They played the position, won a Super Bowl and made the Hall of Fame, so their opinions shouldn't be discounted. He's Broadway Joe, after all.
"Hey, it wasn't just Georgia, it was a couple of years, early on, when I saw them play," said Namath, tracing their affinity for Mayfield. "I saw them a couple of years back. I never saw them look bad. I don't know how tall they are. I still don't know big they are. Size can be a major asset, yes, size can be an asset in today's game. But Drew Brees, their size was questioned many times and he's one of the greatest players who's ever played."
Speaking of Mayfield, Namath said, "When I see their quick feet and I see them throwing every which way, I see the accuracy, I see the intensity, their hustle. Hey, I tell you, I wouldn't want to play against him. I didn't want Alabama to play against him."
Mayfield is a shade under 6-foot-1, a fraction taller than Brees, who will join Namath in Canton one day. The other knocks on Mayfield are that they come from a spread system and that their brash personality can incite opponents.
Namath knows a thing or two about swagger. He's famous for guaranteeing a win over the heavily favored Baltimore Colts in Super Bowl III -- and delivering.
"I'm not as big on the outward swagger, so to speak, but the confidence, the leadership qualities ... and that damn confidence, man. Don't tell me I can't do it, I'm gonna get it done."
Referring to the top "four or five" prospects in the draft, Namath said, "Physically, they look great." They also said they were impressed by Mason Rudolph and Lamar Jackson, both of whom have been overshadowed by the top four.
"No one mentions Jackson," Namath said. "I wouldn't say he's not going to be a player, either. 'Argue for your limitations and they're yours.' (A quote from author Richard Bach.) We start putting limitations on people and we don't know them. They might be around for 10 years; who knows?"
Namath said they hope to watch the draft live. If he's not busy with their charitable foundation or running errands, he'll make sure to set the DVR. None of their 12 full-time successors have led the Jets to a championship. Maybe their old team will order a Baker's dozen.
Stewart Jackson will seek a fourth term as MP for Peterborough after a snap general election was announced.
The Conservative MP confirmed they have already been chosen to stand again in the constituency they have represented since 2005.
They tweeted: “Delighted to have been readopted as Peterborough Conservatives' Parliamentary candidate in March! Be prepared.....”
Responding to the news that voters will go to the polls on June 8, they added: “The PM is asking for their own mandate from the electorate to deliver the best #Brexit deal for everyone in the UK #GeneralElection2017.”
Peterborough will be a target seat for Labour after Mr Jackson won the May 2015 election by 1,925 votes ahead of Lisa Forbes.
The Tory incumbent responded to their victory with an impassioned victory speech, as they responded to a chorus of boos by calling Labour “three-time losers.”
A week before the election, influential pollster Lord Ashcroft had Labour leading in Peterborough, which only increased the tension on polling night.
The Peterborough Telegraph has contacted incumbent Conservative MP Shailesh Vara to find out if they will be standing in North West Cambridgeshire once again.
The PT has also attempted to contact the local parties to find out if they have selected their candidates for the election.
RELATED
Re-elected MP Stewart Jackson in controversial victory speech
Theresa May calls snap general election for June 8
Michigan defensive lineman Maurice Hurst earned a spot on the Associated Press All-America first team. (Photo: John T. Greilick / Detroit News)
Michigan senior defensive tackle Maurice Hurst is a first-team AP All-American.
Hurst, the highest-graded player at any position by Pro Football Focus, was the only Michigan player to make the AP first team, which was released Monday. Sophomore linebacker Devin Bush was named third-team All-American. The AP team dates to 1925 and is voted on by a panel of 17 Top-25 poll voters.
Last week, Hurst and Bush were named Walter Camp second-team All-Americans.
Hurst, a first-team All-Big Ten defensive lineman, finished the season with 59 tackles, including 13.5 for loss and five sacks. Bush had 94 tackles this season, including 9.5 tackles for loss, an interception and nine pass breakups.
While Hurst made the All-Big Ten first team, they did not win the league's Defensive Lineman of the Year award, which went to Ohio State sophomore Nick Bosa. Hurst admitted last week they thought they would earn that award.
“It was kind of tough for me,” Hurst said. “I felt like should have probably gotten the award, me or Chase (Winovich), but it happens and you can't dwell on it now. It's the way things go sometimes.”
As the Wolverines prepare to face South Carolina in the Outback Bowl, Hurst is weighing their options on whether they should opt out of playing in the bowl.  They are projected a first-round NFL Draft selection.
“Not really sure right now,” Hurst said last Thursday. “It's just business as usual, just practicing and all that type of stuff.”
Last year, Stanford's Christian McCaffrey and LSU's Leonard Fournette were among the big-name players who decided not to play in the bowl game and instead prepare for the NFL Draft. Former Michigan tight end Jake Butt played in Michigan's bowl and suffered their second ACL injury, which affected their NFL draft stock.
Several All-American lists will be released this week. Later Monday, the Football Writers Association of American will release its list, the Sporting News will reveal its All-Americans on Tuesday, the American Football Coaches Association list is revealed Wednesday and the NCAA Consensus list comes out Thursday.
FIRST TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback – Baker Mayfield, senior, Oklahoma.
Running backs – Bryce Love, junior, Stanford; Rashaad Penny, senior, San Diego State.
Tackles – Orlando Brown, junior, Oklahoma; Mike McGlinchey, senior, Notre Dame.
Guards – Quenton Nelson, senior, Notre Dame; Braden Smith, senior, Auburn.
Center – Billy Price, senior, Ohio State.
Tight end – Mark Andrews, junior, Oklahoma.
Receivers – James Washington, senior, Oklahoma State; Anthony Miller, senior, Memphis.
All-purpose player – Saquon Barkley, junior, Penn State.
Kicker – Matt Gay, junior, Utah.
DEFENSE
Ends – Bradley Chubb, senior, North Carolina State; Clelin Ferrell, sophomore, Clemson.
Tackles – Hercules Mata'afa, junior, Washington State; Maurice Hurst, senior, Michigan.
Linebackers – Roquan Smith, junior, Georgia; Josey Jewell, senior, Iowa; T.J. Edwards, junior, Wisconsin.
Cornerbacks – Josh Jackson, junior, Iowa; Denzel Ward, junior, Ohio State.
Safeties – Minkah Fitzpatrick, junior, Alabama; DeShon Elliott, junior, Texas.
Punter – Michael Dickson, junior, Texas.
SECOND TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback – Lamar Jackson, junior, Louisville.
Running backs – Jonathan Taylor, first-year student, Wisconsin; Kerryon Johnson, junior, Auburn.
Tackles – Mitch Hyatt, junior, Clemson; Isaiah Wynn, senior, Georgia.
Guards – Cody O'Connell, senior, Washington State; Will Hernandez, senior, UTEP.
Center – Bradley Bozeman, senior, Alabama.
Tight end – Troy Fumagalli, senior, Wisconsin.
Receivers – David Sills V, junior, West Virginia; Michael Gallup, senior, Colorado State.
All-purpose player – Dante Pettis, senior, Washington.
Kicker – Daniel Carlson, senior, Auburn.
DEFENSE
Ends – Sutton Smith, sophomore, Northern Illinois; Nick Bosa, sophomore, Ohio State.
Tackles – Ed Oliver, sophomore, Houston; Christian Wilkins, junior, Clemson.
Linebackers – Malik Jefferson, junior, Texas; Ogbonnia Okoronkwo, senior, Oklahoma; Dorian O'Daniel, senior, Clemson.
Cornerbacks – Jalen Davis, senior, Utah State; Carlton Davis, junior, Auburn.
Safeties – Derwin James, junior, Florida State; Justin Reid, junior, Stanford.
Punter – Johnny Townsend, senior, Florida.
THIRD TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback – Mason Rudolph, senior, Oklahoma State.
Running backs – Ronald Jones II, junior, Southern California; Devin Singletary, sophomore, Florida Atlantic.
Tackles – David Edwards, sophomore, Wisconsin; Jonah Williams, sophomore, Alabama.
Guards – Beau Benzschawel, junior, Wisconsin; Tyrone Crowder, senior, Clemson.
Center – Frank Ragnow, senior, Arkansas.
Tight end – Jaylen Samuels, senior, North Carolina State.
Receivers – Steve Ishmael, senior, Syracuse; A.J. Brown, sophomore, Mississippi.
All-purpose player – D.J. Reed, junior, Kansas State.
Kicker – Eddy Piniero, junior, Florida.
DEFENSE
Ends – Austin Bryant, junior, Clemson; Mat Boesen, senior, TCU.
Tackles – Vita Vea, junior, Washington; Harrison Phillips, senior, Stanford.
Linebackers – Micah Kiser, senior, Virginia; Tremaine Edmunds, junior, Virginia Tech; Devin Bush, sophomore, Michigan.
Cornerbacks – Andraez Williams, redshirt first-year student, LSU; Jack Jones, sophomore, Southern California.
Safeties – Armani Watts, senior, Texas A&M; Quin Blanding, senior, Virginia.
Punter – Mitch Wisnowsky, junior, Utah.
Voters: Bob Asmussen, Champaign (Illinois) News-Gazette; Kirk Bohls, Austin (Texas) American-Statesman; Matt Brown, Sports on Earth; Pat Caputo, The Oakland (Michigan) Press; Chuck Carlton, Dallas Morning News; Robert Cessna, Bryan-College Station (Texas) Eagle; Rece Davis, ESPN; Jon Wilner, San Jose (California) Mercury News; Pat Dooley, Gainesville (Florida) Sun; Dave Foster, Fox 17 WZTV, Nashville, Tennessee; Scott Hamilton, WCOG-AM, Greensboro, North Carolina; Eric Hansen, The South Bend (Indiana) Tribune; Rob Long, WJZ-FM The Fan, Baltimore; Tony Parks, 1280 AM/97.5 FM KZNS, Salt Lake City; Soren Petro, 810 WHB, Kansas City, Missouri; Keith Sargeant, NJ.com/Star Ledger, Newark, New Jersey.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
North Korea to launch 'weekly' missile tests
Share
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, Credit: AFP
North Korea has threatened to launch missile tests "every week", keeping up its drumbeat as Vice President Mike Pence arrived in Japan with a renewed security commitment designed to soothe nerves over Pyongyang's atomic weapons programme.
The North, which is intent on developing a nuclear-tipped ballistic missile capable of reaching the mainland US, defied international pressure Sunday with a test that failed immediately after launch.
As fears grow that it may also be preparing for its sixth nuclear weapons test, Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-Ryol said that its programme would only escalate.
"We'll be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly and yearly basis," Han told the BBC in an interview, threatening "all-out war" if the US took any action against it.
In South Korea on the first leg of an Asian tour, Pence visited the heavily fortified Demilitarised Zone separating the two Koreas Monday and warned Pyongyang against further provocations, saying "all options are on the table".
North Korea could react to a potential US strike by targeting South Korea or Japan, and officials in both countries have been ill at ease with the more bellicose language deployed by President Donald Trump's administration.
Pence pointed to Trump's recent strikes on a Syrian airbase and an Islamic State complex in Afghanistan as a warning to Pyongyang not to underestimate the administration's resolve.
Throughout their bareknuckle election campaign, Trump repeatedly called into question a mutual defence treaty between Japan and the United States, suggesting Tokyo should pay for its own security.
But now, Pence will try to reassure their jittery hosts that those decades-old security commitments are ironclad, a necessity made more acute after Washington's refusal to rule out military action against the regime.
Tensions between Pyongyang and Washington have soared in recent weeks as a series of North Korean missile tests have prompted ever-more severe warnings from Trump's administration.
Asked by a reporter what message they had for North Korea's young leader Kim Jong-Un on Monday, Trump replied "Gotta behave".
North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Nations reiterated on the weekend that the North is ready to respond to any US missile or nuclear strike.
"If the United States dares opt for a military action... the DPRK is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the Americans," Kim told a news conference, using the abbreviation of the country's official name.
"We will take the toughest counteraction against the provocateurs."
Like South Korea, Japan already faces a direct threat from the secretive regime.
In early March, the North simultaneously fired four ballistic missiles off its east coast, three of which fell provocatively close to Japan, in what it said was a drill for an attack on US bases in the country.
The Pentagon has not discussed which missile blew up after its launch Sunday from a base near Sinpo on the North's east coast, and the White House has said only that it was a medium-range device.
But John Schilling from the 38 North monitoring group said the failure was indicative of the test of a new and hitherto unknown system being developed by Kim Jong-Un's regime.
"That's a common failure mode for North Korean missiles very early on in their development cycle when they are working out the bugs in the propulsion and guidance system," the weapons expert told AFP.
"More detail would always be nice. But I am going to suspect that this was a new missile or certainly one that has not been well-developed."
Pence's Japanese hosts will be cautious about any US military action that could trigger a broader regional conflict.
Their hope is that the White House will focus on pressuring China, Pyongyang's only major ally, to redouble its efforts to rein in the regime and bring it back to the negotiating table after abandoning six-nation talks in 2009.
"In order to strengthen the way we deal with the North Korean issue, we will convey our view and conduct policy consultation to make sure that we are on the same page," Japanese chief government spokesperson Yoshihide Suga said Tuesday.
AFP
ISLAMABAD, Aug 14 (APP): Asian Bradman Zaheer Abbas Monday
welcoming the Sri Lankan Cricket's clearence to tour Pakistan
said this was good news for a cricket loving nation and help revive
international cricket.
Talking to APP, Zaheer said they have interaction with many foreign
players and they are keen to play in Pakistan.
Sri Lanka's cricket board on Monday approved a tour to Pakistan
and its Cricket chief Thilanga Sumathipala said after a security
assessment the team had been cleared to play three Twenty20
internationals including one in Lahore.
Thilanga Sumathipala said they were keen to take their team to Pakistan
as their security experts have given go-ahead signal, especially Lahore
being cleared.
“We have three T20s coming up against Pakistan in September and
we would like to play at least one of those games in Lahore,”
Thilanga said.
Zaheer Abbas known as the Run Machine, said, “It is wonderful
that a team (Sri Lanka) attacked in Lahore is keen to revive international cricket in
Pakistan. It is a positive message for other foreign teams, leaving no excuse for them to
play here.”
Zaheer, who had two stints as captain of the national team in
1981 and 1984, said they hoped everything goes well and Sri Lankan
team's tour would leave cherishable memories for a cricket loving
nation.
Speaking about skipper Sarfraz Ahmed, Zaheer said Sarfraz has
proved their mettle as a team leader and under their captaincy
cricket would flourish.
Zaheer currently associated with Sports Board Punjab (SBP)
said they were planning to open academies in the entire Punjab
for male and female players.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): State Minister for Information,
Broadcasting and National Heritage Marriyum Aurangzeb
Friday said the government was making strenuous efforts for revival of sports, films, music and heritage as well as building sports infrastructure and academies to promote and revive sports by carrying forward the vision of former prime minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif.
Speaking as chief guest at the conference of International Sports Press Association here they said that the return of peace through collective efforts of the nation had produced congenial atmosphere for the revival of international sports activities in Pakistan.
The MOS reiterated that Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi
was carrying forward the baton to ensure uninterrupted revival
and promotion of films, music, heritage and sports with a theme “I
feel proud to be a citizen of Pakistan”.
Marriyum observed that Pakistan had a very rich culture and
sports were an integral part of it as every person
in Pakistan was a sportsman at heart. They said that Pakistanis were
a proud and brave nation that had fought terrorism for the last
35 years with an unyielding commitment and solidarity and along
with the armed forces made unparalleled sacrifices. The minister also eulogized the vital role that media played in the fight against terrorism.
The minister said that Pakistan overcame terrorism with
the efforts of the federal and provincial government by implementing
Internal Security Policy and National Action Plan in line with
the vision of the former Prime Minister.
They said that though peace had returned to Pakistan but a
lot still needed to be done. Marriyum pointed out that the provincial
government were also investing heavily in the sports
infrastructure and developing new playgrounds.
They informed the audience that under the Prime Minister's
Eduction Reforms Programme, sports facilities at 422 schools and
colleges of Islamabad were being upgraded and it had been made
incumbent upon the educational institutions to provide grounds
and sports facilities to the students.
The MOS said that the return of international cricket as
well as other sports to Pakistan was an auspicious development.
They said that the arrival of sportsmen and guests from
other countries was very encouraging for every Pakistani and it
indicated the fact that the world acknowledged Pakistan as a peaceful
country.
They thanked all the foreign sportsmen who had visited
Pakistan during the last four years and helped in the revival
of sports activities in the country.
Marriyum said that Pakistan was now fighting another war to
erase the `perception of terrorism' which was more difficult and
arduous.
The minister said that Pakistan had a relatively young
population as 60 per cent of the people were less than 40 years
old adding youth should be part of healthy activities to achieve the
dream of a peaceful society. They maintained that one of the ways
to cure aggressiveness among youth was to engage them in sports.
The minister also underscored the need for engaging
communities in the task of promotion of sports and fighting
intolerance.
Marriyum praising the role of media in cultivating interest
of the people in sports said that the holding of
Sports Journalists conference in Islamabad was yet another great
day for every Pakistani as 70 sports journalists and delegates
from 30 countries were participating in it. They said that
the conference would providean opportunity to the young
sports journalists to learn new writing skills from their seniors.
AIPS President Gianni Merlo, AIPS member from Hungary
Zsuzsa CSISZTU and President Sports Writers Federation Amjad Aziz Malik
also spoke about the importance of journalists and writers in
promotion of sports.
The foreign delegates expressed the desire to work in
coordination with their Pakistani colleagues to encourage sports
and promotion of peace.
The minister gave life-time achievement awards to renowned
and legendary commentators Chishti Mujahid, Muhammad Idrees, Tariq
Raheem and others who brought sports into home and hearts of the
people and gave them a reason to be proud of themselves as well
as knowing their sports heroes in games of cricket, hockey and
squash.
The session concluded with exchange of momentos
and groups photos.
Ministry of Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage
in collaboration with AIPS organized the conference.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
White supremacist site the Daily Stormer needs to find another domain provider after getting the boot from GoDaddy. In a tweet, the company said “We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service.”
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. — GoDaddy (@GoDaddy) August 14, 2017
The tweet was made in response to one by The New Agenda founder Amy Suskind calling on GoDaddy to ban Daily Stormer for posting a obscene article about Heather Heyer, who was killed in Charlottesville on Saturday after being hit by a car allegedly driven by James Alex Fields Jr. into a crowd. Fields has been charged with second-degree murder.
Heyer was among a group protesting to Unite the Right white supremacist rally this weekend, which the Daily Stormer helped organize and promote.
In an email to TechCrunch, a GoDaddy spokesperson said “We have informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. If no action is taken after 24 hours, we will cancel the service. Given this latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service.”
GoDaddy only provides the domain for Daily Stormer and does not host the site, which calls itself “The World's Most Genocidal Republican Website.” While GoDaddy's action is laudable, it's also important to note that activists, including the Southern Poverty Law Center, began calling on GoDaddy to stop providing Daily Stormer's domain several months ago.
GoDaddy joins Airbnb and Twilio as tech companies taking action aimed at combatting hate speech in reaction to to Unite the Right rally. Airbnb deactivated the accounts of several users who were planning to attend the event, while cloud communications platform Twilio CEO Jeff Lawson said it will add “an explicit prohibition of hate speech” in the company's acceptable use policy this week.
View the Internet Horse Auction Catalogs – 2 June Auctions from Pro Horse Services
Press Release
“World Champions, producers, show horses and top prospects are featured in the two June Internet auctions,” announces Mike Jennings of the Professional Horse Services, LLC management team. “The Annual Halter Broodmare and Prospect Sale will include all of the Halter Horses offered in the June Auctions and bidding will open on June 19 and close on June 21. The second auction is the June INTERNET Auction, which will include the Western Pleasure, English and All Around oriented horses, as well as, the Reining, Ranch Riding and performance horses. Bidding for the June Internet Auction will open on June 19 and close on June 22.”
The Internet Auction catalogs are available for shopping now. To register for a bidder's number and view the catalog go to https://internethorseauctions.com/index.php and select the auction you want to shop. For more Info on registering to bid and how the Internet Auction Works bidders can go to http://www.prohorseservices.com/Online.php
Buyers can use the “Make Offer” feature to buy horses before the bidding starts. If a buyer finds the horse they want to own now, they can make an offer using this feature. Pro Horses Services will take the offer to the seller and try to negotiate a sale.
Once a bidder has created their login account they will be able to access contact information for the sellers to get more information, schedule a veterinary exam or go see a horse.
“Entries are still being accepted for the June Internet Auctions. Entry Forms for the auction can be found on the Professional Horse Services, LLC website - http://www.prohorseservices.com/Online.php . Sellers can use the convenient Online Entry form or download a form to complete and return by fax or email.
Entries in the Halter Broodmare and Prospect Sale include some outstanding mares like Lot No. 2 – ON THE RED CARPET (AQHA) 2005 mare by Mr Yella Fella, AQHA World Champion, Congress Champion, Superior Halter, bred to HEZA SECRET AGENT; Lot No. 4 – MY SWEET INNOCENCE (AQHA) 2007 mare by Coolest, whose foals have won $50,000, 3 AQHA World Championships, 2 Congress Championships, a Breeders Halter Champion and more; Lot No. 1 – TRULY MARILYN (AQHA) 2008 mare by Kids Classic Style, dam of an APHA World Champion and a AQHA Congress Amateur Reserve Champion, bred to KID COOLSIFIED; Lot No. 7 – BARROOM DANCER (AQHA) 2008 mare by Cool Tall One, PHBA Reserve World Champion Producer, full sister to a World Champion, bred to KH MR COOL MAGIC; Lot No. 6 – WHATA MAGNIFICENTHINT (APHA) 2004 overo mare by Magnificent Heir, APHA Superior Halter with 149 points and more.
Halter Prospects feature Lot No. 8 – LAPORSCHE (AQHA) 2016 mare by Heza Secret Agent, Ready To Show. Nominated to the BHF and eligible WCHA, Elite; Lot No. 3 – EGO CEPTIONAL (ApHC) 2016 mare by Suchan Ego, 4th ApHC World Show, High Placing Appaloosa Open BHF and eligible BHF, WCHA, Big Money and Yellow Rose.
Halter show horses include Lot No. 5 – CLUSERIFFIC (AQHA) 2012 gelding by Kid Clusified, AQHA Open and Amateur Superior Halter Horse; Lot No. 19 – BOB BOB BOB (AQHA) 2015 staliion by Mr Elusive, Bronze Trophy Level 2 and Level 3 Amateur 7th at the 2016 AQHA World Show and is qualified for 2017.
Selling Halter Prospects and Broodmares sired by or bred to: I Gotta Cool Secret, Mr Elusive, Telasecret, Very Cool, Suchan Ego (ApHC), IEM The One, Secret Gunfighter, JF Skip N Style, Fearles, PF Premo, Playgirls Conclusion, Valentino, Fearles Te (ApHC), Self Employed, Financial Institution and more
The June INTERNET Auction features some very nice Hunter Under Saddle, Western Pleasure and All Around horses and prospects, as well as, broodmares. Show horses include Lot No. 113 – PRADA N PEARLS (AQHA) – 2010 mare by Coats N Tails, AQHA Open ROM Hunter Under Saddle, 42 Novice Amateur points in 3 events, 2016 Congress finalist, 16.2 hands; Lot No. 112 – NI MAGNIFICENT (AQHA) 2006 mare by Ironed In Black, 9th Regional Experience Novice Amateur Hunter Under Saddle, points in 7 events; Lot No. 106 – ILR A GOOD PROMISE (AQHA) 2015 mare by Good Machinery, well started show prospect and more show horses and broodmares sired by or bred to: Lazy Loper, Luke At Me, Huntin For Chocolate, Good Asset, Natural Iron, Macs Good N Plenty, Kissin The Girls, Foal by VS Code Red, Got Good Charisma and more. Additional prospects can be found that are sired by: Only In The Moonlite, Coats N Tails, Extremely Hot Chips, It's a Southern Thing, Mechanic, GoodCowboymargarita and Ultimately Tuf (APHA).
Reining and Ranch event prospects can also be found in the June Internet Auction featuring Lot No. 102 – JUST A LIL MOONSHINE (AQHA) 2012 perlino stallion by Cowboys Shinin 313, ready to show in Reining and started Roping, 5 panel NN, plus 2 Year-olds by Tinseltown Fly Guy, Heza Hollywood Legend and The Top Secret
Mike and Stephanie Jennings, of Professional Horse Services, LLC are the industry leaders in Online Auction marketing for Quarter Horses, Paints and Appaloosas.
To obtain more information on the horses offered in the auction or about entering horses in the June Internet Auctions contact Professional Horse Services, LLC. by email Info@ProHorseServices.com or call 855-272-3905. You can also go to www.ProHorseServices.com
BALTIMORE (AP)  An unusual smell prompted an evacuation and a hazardous materials response at a Baltimore high school. But after five people were taken to the hospital complaining of upset stomachs, fire officials discovered the source of the smell: a pumpkin spice air freshener.
Cristo Rey Jesuit High School was evacuated Thursday afternoon after students and teachers detected a strong smell on the third floor. Several people reported difficulty breathing.
The fire department and a hazardous materials team were called. Fire spokesperson Roman Clark said two students and three adults were taken to the hospital for stomach ailments.
Then, firefighters located a pumpkin spice air aerosol plugged into an outlet in a classroom.
Advertisement
Classes at the school resumed Friday.
5 H BY DOMENICK YONEY
Give me a break.
After weeks months of pushing hard to reach a burst run rate of 5,000 Model 3 sedans, the Tesla team could use a bit of a break. And, according to Bloomberg, it's getting one. Or at least the Model 3 production crew at the Fremont factory is.
Crews there have labored through extra-long working weeks to reach the goal. Besides building cars, they built an entire production line in a matter of weeks in a huge tent — or, more accurately, a “sprung structure.” You can watch it get put up here.
Another notable milestone achieved in the past few weeks was the completion of the first Model 3 Performance. This variant of the mid-size sedan requires dual motors, one front, one rear, and increases the complexity of production somewhat. Musk had tweeted a picture of the red example sitting on the “tent line,” or GA4 as the general assembly line is referred to internally.
The pause, however, will be short-lived. Workers are expected to return to their positions on Thursday the 5th, where they will begin chasing the next goal in the Model 3 production ramp up: 6,000 units weekly.
Other automakers also take summer breaks, though theirs are typically longer — from a week to an entire month — and are usually timed to correspond with major changes to production lines. Tesla's production line adjustments have been seemingly more spontaneous, usually shutting down for a week or less with little advance notice.
While the break is short, we hope everyone fully enjoys the time off, especially tomorrow, when we should all be focusing on fireworks and other leisurely pursuits as we enjoy the 4th of July.
Source: Bloomberg
Feb 2(Reuters) - Kunming Sinobright Group Co Ltd
* Says it issued 186.5 million new shares through private placement and raised 1.66 billion yuan in total
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/T6t3e8
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
x alpha boost Gaining muscle requires a combination of diet and exercising and if the diet is not right the exercise part is largely a wasted effort. The right diet is all about increasing your calorie intake. Proteins must form an essential part of all your meals as they are needed for muscle growth, and protein helps to repair damaged tissues after a workout, and this is what creates muscle growth.
http://www.vitaminofhealth.com/x-alpha-boost/
LONDON (Reuters) - One in seven businesses from European Union countries with a presence in Britain have moved parts of their business out of the country because of concerns about disruption after Brexit, according to a survey published on Tuesday.
The Canary Wharf financial district is seen during early morning mist from Greenwich Park in London, Britain, January 22, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Fourteen percent of EU firms with assets in Britain, such as offices, warehouses or factories, have scaling back their business, the survey by the Chartered Institute of Procurement and Supply (CIPS) showed.
Furthermore, 11 percent of EU companies had moved some of their workforce out of the United Kingdom since the Brexit vote in 2016, the survey of supply chain managers showed.
The survey was conducted before Monday's announcement of a 21-month transition deal that will leave Britain's access to EU markets unchanged until the end of 2020.
But John Glen, an economist with CIPS, said companies were more worried about the lack of clarity about the long-term relationship between Britain and the EU.
“There comes a moment when companies need to put contingency plans into place,” Glen said. “We need to start getting real about what will actually happen.”
The survey also showed that almost one in four British firms with suppliers in the EU was having difficulties in securing contracts that run beyond Britain's scheduled departure from the EU in March 2019.
In response, a third of British supply chain managers with EU suppliers said they were already looking for alternative suppliers inside the United Kingdom.
CIPS said nearly a third of respondents had raised their prices because of the impact of Brexit, which caused the value of the pound to fall, pushing up the cost of imported goods.
“Businesses have little choice but to pass on some of their rising costs to consumers in order to protect their profit margins,” Glen said.
CIPS surveyed a total of 2,418 supply chain managers in two rounds of questions between Feb. 6 and 19 and March 5 and 13. Respondents came from a range of sectors including manufacturing, financial services, retail and construction.
With a spacewalk lasting eight hours and 13 minutes, two cosmonauts have broken the previous record for longest Russian spacewalk of eight hours and seven minutes.
To upgrade a high gain antenna system, Expedition 54 Commander Alexander Misurkin and Flight Engineer Anton Shkaplerov of the Russian space agency Roscosmos began the spacewalk from the International Space Station (ISS) at 10.34 am EST on Friday (9.04 pm Friday India time) and completed it at 6.47 pm EST (5.17 am Saturday India time).
During the record-breaking spacewalk, the duo installed a new electronics and telemetry box for an antenna on the Zvezda service module to enhance communications between Russian flight controllers and the Russian modules, NASA scientists wrote in a blog post.
The antenna system appears to be working normally, the blog post said.
It was the 207th spacewalk in support of International Space Station assembly and maintenance, the fourth in Misurkin's career, and the second for Shkaplerov.
The record for longest spacewalk is held by NASA astronauts. The spacewalk that lasted for eight hours and 56 minutes was performed in 2001.
File - In this May 22, 2018 file photo, volunteer Jenifer Murias yells into a megaphone as Culinary Union members file into a university arena to vote on whether to authorize a strike in Las Vegas. The union representing thousands of Las Vegas casino workers says the two largest operators would lose more than $10 million a day combined if housekeepers, cooks and others go on strike. The Culinary Union on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, released documents explaining how it thinks a one-month strike would impact MGM Resorts International and Caesars Entertainment. Isaac Brekken, File AP Photo
Council of trustees votes not to send presidential candidates to board of governors
Close (Left to right) Trustee Alfonso Angelucci, interim president Philip Way and trustee William McCarrier during the council of trustees quarterly meeting Oct. six. Courtesy of SRU Public Relations
Courtesy of SRU Public Relations (Left to right) Trustee Alfonso Angelucci, interim president Philip Way and trustee William McCarrier during the council of trustees quarterly meeting Oct. six.
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
At the Slippery Rock Council of Trustees' quarterly business meeting today, a vote was taken to take the next step in appointing SRU's next president.
Prior to the council's 1:00 p.m. open meeting, the presidential search committee recommended two names to the council to send to the board of governors for consideration as SRU's next president. The search committee recommended Dr. Bruce Murphy, the current president at Nicholls State University, and Dr. Amir Mohammadi, SRU's vice president for finance.
Prior to the council's vote on whether or not to send the two recommended candidates onto the board of governors, Riley Keffer, the vice president for finance of the Student Government Association, spoke during the open forum section of the meeting. Keffer said that they had spoken with constituents from several student organizations on campus and the consensus was that none of the candidates possessed all desirable qualities they were looking for.
“To state simply, we are not entirely confident in one candidate being the best decision for the presidency of Slippery Rock University,” Keffer said. “In our opinion, a president should possess a strong academic background, experience with a residential campus and the student culture it promotes, experience elevating a university that is already successful in the areas of enrollment, academics, finances, athletics and more. We also believe that they should be proactive in promoting an inclusive environment, knowledge about issues that students face and the related policy, they should also have a strong presence to communicate with the Board of Governors and lastly, passion for SRU. While there are some of these characteristics in the three candidates, we did not see a desirable number in just one candidate.”
Keffer called on the council to vote against sending Murphy and Mohammadi's names to the board of governors.
After the public comments portion of the meeting, the council heard committee reports, interim president Philip Way's report of the president and voted to approve five committee items. From here the council opened discussion on the vote to send the search committee's recommended candidates to the BoG.
Trustee Robert Taylor opened the discussion by saying that they planned to vote no on the motion as they had several issues with both the qualifications of the two candidates and with the search committee.
“I would say that the field that we are now moving forward to the board of governors if this motion passes, is the weakest field of candidates that I have seen in my experience,” Taylor said.
Taylor had served on the board of governors in the past and said that they had seen nine groups of candidates for presidents in their time there.
“I feel, at the end of the day, that both of these candidates are not qualified to be the president of Slippery Rock University,” Taylor said. “I am an alumnus of Slippery Rock University and I expected a lot more for Slippery Rock University than I'm seeing here. Slippery Rock University is better than a mediocre spot, it's better than a mediocre campus, it's better than the other 13 universities in the state system and I think we're making a mediocre recommendation today.”
Taylor also expressed that they believe that certain members of the search committee had a conflict of interest in the decision on who to recommend, as Molly Mercer, the university executive on the committee, and Scott Albert, and at-large member of the committee, both work directly under Mohammadi in the office of finance and administrative facilities staff, respectively. The chairperson of the council, William McCarrier, clarified that the board of governors knew of this and had cleared them to be on the committee.
Trustee Suzanne Vessella agreed with Taylor that the conflict of interest or perceived conflict of interest, was real. Trustees Jeffrey Smith, Matthew Lautman and Thomas Breth all disagreed and said that they did not believe there was any conflict of interest and that they had full confidence in the candidates chosen.
Smith revealed, on Vessella's questioning, that the three candidates who were brought to campus for interview (Murphy, Mohammadi and Marsha Krotseng, current president at Bluefield State College) were not the candidates originally selected, however. Out of 75 total applicants, nine were chosen to have preliminary interviews, held at Pittsburgh International Airport, and from those nine, four were chosen to come to SRU for further consideration. However, two of those four candidates withdrew their names from consideration and the remaining two, and one alternate candidate, were ultimately brought to campus.
Trustee Richard Wukich said that they trusted the judgment of SGA, including president Rachel Lawler and VP Keffer, who both spoke at the meeting.
“I have talked to many, many students and I respect the opinion of the elected officials in student government, and I think that they vetted the candidates very, very carefully. I feel that Vice President Keffer's recommendation that we extend the search is a true view of what the students at Slippery Rock want,” Wukich said.
A roll call vote was taken after completion of the discussion with the votes tallied as follows. Voting yes to send Murphy and Mohammadi on to the BoG for consideration were trustees Breth, Lautman, Matt Shaner, Mary Jo White and McCarrier. Voting no were trustees Alfonso Angelucci, Taylor, Monica Traggiai, Vessella and Wukich.
With a five to five vote, the motion failed and the recommended candidates will not be passed on to the BoG for consideration. Following this vote, there was discussion as to whether or not a new search committee should be made or if the current process should be extended. It was decided that the council was unsure as to what exactly the state system guidelines on this were and call the meeting to a close, with the intention of finding out what they should do next and, if need be, holding a special session next week.
At this point it is unclear whether the current search committee will be taking more applications and continuing their search, a new committee will be formed and continue the current search or if a new committee will begin an all new search, but for now no names will be sent from the SRU council of trustees on to the BoG for consideration to be SRU's next president.
The problem with being raised in a liberal family in a liberal city (“the People's Republic of Santa Monica”) and attending a liberal high school is that when you systematically rebel against everyone and everything you perceive as “liberal,” good or bad, you may end up as an adviser to President Donald Trump, defending their most ridiculous claims and saying things like this:
“[O]ur opponents, the media and the whole world will soon see as we begin to take further actions, that the powers of the president to protect our country are very substantial and will not be questioned.”
(Yonhap)
South Korea's exports of entertainment, sports and animation programs rose sharply in 2015 amid the total shipments of TV programs shrinking due to the historical row with Japan, South Korea's biggest content market, data showed Tuesday.Exports of entertainment programs climbed to US$31.9 million in 2015 from $19.8 million in 2014 and $14.4 million in 2013, according to the data by the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning.Sports programs shipments skyrocketed to $5.2 million in 2015 from a mere $13,000 in 2014 and $28,000 in 2013.Animation exports also soared to $1.89 million in 2015 from $80,000 in 2014 and $128,000 in 2013.Education program exports reached $173,000 in 2015 from $26,000 in 2014 and $19,000 in 2013.The total amount of television programs exports, however, fell in 2015 from the previous year due to the falling shipments to Japan over a historical row involving the sexual enslavement of Korean women for front-line Japanese soldiers during World War II.Shipments of TV programs dropped 15.7 percent to $216 million in 2015 from $256 million in 2014. The comparable figures were $179 million in 2012 and $239 million in 2013.Exports of dramas went down 9.1 percent to $172 million in 2015 from $189 million in 2014 and 211 million in 2013.Researcher Lee Hyun-woo of the Korea Creative Content Agency called on the government to come up with a long-term strategy to foster the country's animation, sports and education programs, saying "They all have ample growth potential, although they are still small in content exported." (Yonhap)
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Minister for Interior, Ahsan Iqbal on Monday said creativity and innovation were fundamental drivers of progress and no country could afford to ignore them.
“We are living in a very competitive world and being categorized as least efficient innovator, which is a very serious challenge,” they said this while addressing an International Annual Trans-Eurasia Information Network (TIEN) NOC Workshop-2017 here at Higher Education Commission Auditorium.
The workshop, being held from December 11-15, is organized by Pakistan Education & Research Network (PERN) in collaboration with Asia Pacific Advanced Network (APAN) in order to enhance skills of network engineers and network security capabilities staff.
The workshop is being attended by participants from Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka.
Ahsan Iqbal, who is also Minister for Planning Development and Reforms said, this is a century of innovations and only those nations are progressing well who have equipped themselves with weapons of knowledge and technology.
They said standards of development had changed and now the development of a country depended upon a few things. “We need to enhance our production capacity and improve our standard continuously. We need to introduce knowledge and information revolution in the country and introduce innovations in all sectors,” they said.
The Minister said Pakistan has huge potential to get place among top 10 economies of the world for which “We need to conduct research on modern technology.”
They said after successful launch of 3G and 4G technology, the government plans to test 5G services in the country soon.
The government, they said, is establishing centres of excellence for artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, big data, cloud computing and robots.
They said that digital Pakistan was aimed at equipping the young generation with modern technology to ensure its effective usage and added that with the provision of 3G and 4G, Pakistan has become the fourth largest freelancing country.
They said many other countries expressed their interest in becoming part of China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), which is a sign of great change.
“We must put Pakistan on the road to wealth with the help of all areas and segments of the country,” the Minister said. However, it is only possible when we have competitiveness.
In their brief address, Chairman HEC, Dr Mukhtar Ahmed, emphasized the need for promotion of constructive sciences, which lead to welfare of humankind. “Let's work together for the well-being of humanity,” they underlined.
They appreciated the present government for approving the highest number of projects in higher education by doubling HEC budget during last few years. On the occasion, Director APAN, Nimal Ratnayke said Asia Pacific Advanced Network coordinates activities related to network technologies, services, and applications among its members and with its peer international organisations.
APAN is also a key driver in promoting and facilitating network-enabled research and education activities. These include research collaboration, knowledge discovery and sharing, tele-health and natural disaster mitigation.
On the occasion, Ahsan Iqbal inaugurated Events Registration Portal of HEC to provide updates regarding different events. A large number of Information Technology experts and students attended the inaugural ceremony.
Brighton School Board to Establish Committees to Recommend to Full Board
April 17, 2017
The Brighton Board of Education in the future will be going about its business in a somewhat different way. No radical changes are in store, but board members will be hashing things out and exchanging ideas before bringing them to the board for action in one of two new committees that will be formed.
Board President Andy Burchfield says they will look to the members for input on who is interested in which committee, augmented by each member's skill set, and then Burchfield will select the makeup of the committees. One committee will focus on finance, human resources and staffing, while the other will center on facilities, operations and the culture of the district.
The board will also eliminate individual board liaisons to each school, starting with the fall term. The steps are an outgrowth of the board workshop held three weeks ago at the LESA offices in Howell. (TT)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - PROCREDIT HOLDING AG & CO KGAA:
* DGAP-ADHOC: PROCREDIT HOLDING AG & CO. KGAA: PROCREDIT HOLDING: SUCCESSFUL PLACEMENT OF CASH CAPITAL INCREASE - GROSS PROCEEDS OF THE SHARE ISSUE OF APPROX. EUR 61 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Andy Murray's knighthood raises some interesting issues about protocol and etiquette. And you won't find the answers in Debrett's or any other guide to the British establishment.
First, the protocol: should umpires around the world now address the Wimbledon champion as "Sir Andy Murray"? You thought Murray becoming the World No. 1 was an elevation in status, but try this: should they appear on the top line of a draw-sheet as a 'Sir' while all others are plain 'Mr'?
While Roger Federer and other players have been referring to Murray as 'Sir' -- Federer used that title in a tweet when congratulating the Briton for climbing to the top of the rankings in early November -- what's the official guidance?
We have a new 👑 in town. Congrats Sir @andy_murray — Roger Federer (@rogerfederer) November 5, 2016
It's unclear what the form is here, especially as tennis has never previously had an 'active' knight of the realm before. Fred Perry, not being a friend of the establishment, wasn't a 'Sir' when they were still playing or after their retirement.
The only former tennis player to have been a knight -- and this was after they stopped playing -- was Sir Norman Brookes. An Australian, Brookes won the 1911 title at their home Grand Slam and also snaffled a couple of Wimbledon titles, in 1907 and 1914, though they aren't knighted until 1939 "in recognition of their public service". There will be a link later this month with Murray in Melbourne, where the Scot will be attempting, after five previous runner-up finishes at the Australian Open, to lift the Norman Brookes Challenge Cup.
Perhaps Murray -- who suggested recently that they might be too young for a knighthood, "the highest honour you can get in this country" -- could put in a request to referees and umpires that they aren't called 'Sir' at tournaments.
What's the etiquette for a knight of the realm who has missed a breakpoint opportunity by hitting a forehand long? Murray's elevation in status, having previously been awarded an OBE, is likely to attract even more attention to the way they conduct themselves on court, and especially more focus on the language they use in the white heat of competition. Even during the 2016 season, which brought Murray more success than ever before, there were still times when broadcasters found themselves apologising to viewers for their swearing.
Now Murray is never going to be a saint on a tennis court -- and nor should they be expected to be. But expect some commentators in Britain and beyond to huff and harrumph about whether dropping f-bombs on Wimbledon's Centre Court is becoming of a knight.
Just imagine the admonishments from the umpire's chair: "Code violation for an audible obscenity - warning, Sir Andy Murray." And should 'Sir Andy' really be shouting in the direction of their supporters' box or look as though they are about to bash their racket on the ground?
What should Murray do to counter that criticism? Answer: precisely nothing. Carry on as before. Smooth out all the rough edges and you'll lose some of their competitive spirit. Consider that Murray didn't ask to be knighted (though this is an honour they will gratefully receive). And remember that those who will criticise them for not behaving as a knight would be the first to attack them if they had chosen to decline the honour.
You only have to look at the tale of Sir Bradley Wiggins -- and the controversy over the cyclist's use of TUEs -- to see how a knighthood doesn't protect you from criticism.
"I am still young and there are a lot of things that can go wrong. I could still mess up and make mistakes, do stuff wrong," Murray said recently. "I am just trying to keep doing what I am doing, working hard and achieving stuff."
That sentiment had not changed after the honour had been announced. "It sounds strange, obviously," said the new Sir.. "It's a great honour to be asked, great recognition of my results in recent years and a great way to finish 2016 or start 2017.
"But I'm more than happy to just be known as Andy, that's fine by me." Perhaps that settles it.
CHICAGO -- James Shields is ready to return to the Chicago White Sox's rotation.
The 35-year-old right-hander is scheduled to start Sunday at Toronto after being sidelined the past two months because of a strained right back muscle.
Shields said Wednesday they feel "pretty good" and is "ready to rock" after three rehab starts for Triple-A Charlotte. They threw 90 pitches, allowing two runs and six hits over five innings, on Tuesday.
Sidelined since April 16, Shields is 1-0 with a 1.62 ERA in three starts after a rough first season in Chicago.
Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time as the strawberries, knows nothing about grapes. -- Philippus Paracelsus
Rain clouds gather over the 17th Street Canal pumping station in New Orleans. Flood-weary New Orleans braced for the weekend arrival of Tropical Storm Nate, forecast to hit the area Sunday morning as a weak hurricane that could further test a city drainage system in which weaknesses were exposed during summer deluges. (Photo: Gerald Herbert / AP)
New Orleans — When Tropical Storm Nate formed Thursday and forecasts put New Orleans in its projected path, one big question loomed for residents and business owners: Will the pumps work?
“That's now a thought in everybody who lives in New Orleans,” said Devin Shearman, a manager at Katie's restaurant and lounge, which flooded during an unexpected rainstorm Aug. 5. It was one of two flash floods this past summer that led to revelations about personnel and equipment problems at the New Orleans Sewerage and Water Board, the agency that runs the pumping system that drains the city.
Some pumps weren't working. Some turbines that provide power to the pumps were down. There weren't enough people on hand to man the system.
“Since early August, we have made substantial progress,” New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said of work to upgrade the city drainage system. But they warned at a Thursday news conference that extremely heavy rain and storm surge from Nate still could pose flood dangers.
Nate formed in the western Caribbean Sea and moved into Central America on Thursday. Forecasters said it would likely emerge in the Gulf of Mexico and strengthen, possibly reaching hurricane strength before a Sunday morning landfall somewhere along the Louisiana, Mississippi or Alabama coast. Officials in the resort town of Grand Isle on a vulnerable barrier island south of New Orleans called a voluntary evacuation Thursday. To the east, in coastal St. Bernard Parish, authorities ordered an evacuation of areas not protected by levees.
In the center of Nate's possible destinations was New Orleans, where the summer floods shook public confidence in the Sewerage and Water Board.
It's a state-created agency governed by a board that includes the mayor and appointees of the mayor and the City Council.
After the Aug. 5 revelations, the agency's executive director, Cedric Grant, resigned. Landrieu announced the appointment of a new six-member emergency team to run the agency, make immediate upgrades and recommend long-term changes.
The team is headed by veteran emergency expert Paul Rainwater.
“It's an antiquated system,” Rainwater said Thursday, as they discussed their work and the decisions ahead on what will be needed in terms of equipment and personnel.
As of Thursday, city officials said, 108 of 120 pumps and 26 power generators were in place to back up working turbines. Also, the city said efforts to clean thousands of street catch basins had been stepped up, with vacuum trucks dispatched to various areas to suck out thick mud and debris.
Long-term, a major question facing the city is whether to stick with nearly century-old pumps, which cost a lot of money and manpower to maintain but last longer than newer pumps that are reported to have shorter lifespans.
Many are also questioning where the S&WB leadership needs to rest. One option is reducing its autonomy — making it a department directly under the mayor with scrutiny from the council. It's a suggestion New Orleans Inspector General Ed Quatrevaux has made to the mayor and City Council in letters for years.
Meanwhile, city officials must deal with the public's shaken faith in the drainage system.
The Sewerage and Water Board's emergency management team also included a new public relations director — a result of early, erroneous initial statements that the pumps were all working during the Aug. 5 floods.
“There was a lot of misinformation, or lies, frankly, about where we stood,” City Council President Jason Williams said in a recent interview. “Moving forward, we've got to make sure that the Sewerage & Water Board is transparent to the public and to all branches of government, because clearly that wasn't happening, and that there's veracity, just being really honest.”
Williams said in a recent interview that council members recently learned to pump capacity wasn't tested ahead of the hurricane season that began June 1.
“It's not a time to figure out things when you're underwater and when you're in a kayak,” they said.
“I'm glad they're addressing it, finally, but I don't know if you can get my approval for addressing it now, after something's happened,” said Shearman, who says patrons were stranded in the restaurant for hours in August when water in the streets was thigh-high. “Trust can be brought back. It's not going to come overnight though. It's going to take a lot of time.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2xYRvvz
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) Chief Imran Khan, Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) President Shehbaz Sharif and Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) Chairman Bilawal Bhutto-Zardari are contesting upcoming general election from more than two constituencies.
PTI chief Imran Khan will contest from five constituencies including NA-35 (Bannu), NA-53 (Islamabad), NA-95 (Mianwali), NA-131 (Lahore) and NA-243 (Karachi).
PML-N President Shehbaz Sharif is contesting from four constituencies including NA-132 (Lahore), NA-192 (Dera Gazi Khan), NA-3 (Swat) and NA-249 (Karachi).
PPP Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari will contest from three constituencies NA-5 (Malakand), NA-200 (Larkana) and NA-246 (Karachi).
However, former president Asif Ali Zardari will contest election from one constituency NA-213 (Shaheed Benazirabad).
Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan is up for two National Assembly seats from NA-56 and NA-63 Rawalpindi and four provincial assembly seats from PP-10, PP-12, PP-19 and PP-20 constituencies.
Awami Muslim League Head Sheikh Rashid Ahmed will contest from NA-60 and NA-62 Rawalpindi constituencies.
Former premier and PML-N candidate Shahid Khaqan Abbasi is contesting from NA-53 (Islamabad) and NA-57 Rawalpindi constituencies.
Maryam Nawaz is contesting election from NA-125 (Lahore).
According to the Election Commission of Pakistan, a total of 3,459 candidates are contesting for 272 general seats of the national assembly while 8,396 candidates are up for 577 general seats of the four provincial assemblies.
According to details, as many as 1, 623 candidates will be flexing their muscles from Punjab, 824 from Sindh, 725 from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and 287 from Balochistan for the national assembly seats.
A total of 4,036 candidates are in the run for 297 general seats of the Punjab Assembly, 2, 252 candidates for 130 general seats of the Sindh Assembly, 1,165 for 99 KP Assembly seats and 943 for 51 seats of Balochistan Assembly.
If you're asking exactly what is a can seaming machine, it's a tool which makes use of warmth in order to secure product packaging products, particularly those from plastic. Lots of items being marketed nowadays are secured making use of such gadget, despite if they originate from big companies or small companies. It could additionally be located in some cooking areas due to the functionality it supplies. It's extremely beneficial for saving food things as well as various other things.
There are 2 significant sorts of this gadget – continual and also impulse. Additionally referred to as band or automated, continual can seam machine is typically used at hectic assembly line or manufacturing facilities. Products that are put inside plastic containers are lugged by conveyor belts to the burner, in charge of integrating the opening of the container with each other.
Once they're secured, they're moved inside boxes, sent out away for delivery or saving. It goes without saying, the constant kind is usually utilized where big result quantity needs to be fulfilled. There are also designs which feature a vacuum cleaner packaging ability. Much like just what the name discloses, it can extract air inside the containers right prior to securing them, making the room inside airless.
Such function is capitalized in circumstances where oxidation needs to be removed. Such is frequently used on food things, to supply them with longer storage space lives. It's consequently why you could find a great deal of products at the supermarket put in vacuum cleaner packs. It's claimed that the taste and also quality of the food could be included regarding 3-5 times much longer.
The impulse kind of can seam machine has 1 or 2 burners. They're put in jaws or clamps that could compress. When open, no warmth is generated. It's when stress on the jaws or clamps is used, bringing one side to the various other, that electric present travel through the aspects. This triggers them to warm up, meting the plastic container. The stress bonds both sides with each other, developing a limited seal.
Sealants are offered in many dimensions, relying on the application they're meant for. They could vary from hand-held small ones to huge ones commonly utilized in assembly line or manufacturing facilities. For day-to-day home usage, small ones come in handy in the kitchen area. A few of these versions also have included attributes, like vacuum cleaner abilities.
The plastic containers made use of for such gadgets vary in dimension as well as kind. Such difference allows you to put various points in them. The producer of the gadget typically mentions which sorts of plastic job wonderful on the item. When you desire to have one in your home, take into consideration the dimension of the containers you're most likely to utilize. Choose a tool whose jaws or clamps are long sufficient to fit a selection of useful plastic container dimensions.
A can seaming machine could be acquired on www.jx-yixin.com/en/. Locating one on the internet is even more hassle-free that mosting likely to land-based shops. Additionally, there are a lot of brand names as well as designs to select from. Every one of them obtained particular benefits as well as drawbacks. Online purchasing could make the searching procedure a whole lot simpler, right in the personal privacy of your home.
Today in History
Today is Monday, Jan. 2, the second day of 2017. There are 363 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Jan. 2, 1942, the Philippine capital of Manila was captured by Japanese forces during World War II.
Advertisement
On this date:
In 1788, Georgia became the fourth state to ratify the U.S. Constitution.
In 1792, the first classes began at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
In 1893, the U.S. Postal Service issued its first commemorative stamp to honor the World's Columbian Expedition and the quadricentennial of Christopher Columbus' voyage.
In 1900, U.S. Secretary of State John Hay announced the “Open Door Policy” to facilitate trade with China.
In 1921, religious services were broadcast on radio for the first time as KDKA in Pittsburgh aired the regular Sunday service of the city's Calvary Episcopal Church.
In 1935, Bruno Hauptmann went on trial in Flemington, New Jersey, on charges of kidnapping and murdering the 20-month-old son of Charles and Anne Lindbergh. (Hauptmann was found guilty, and executed.)
In 1955, the president of Panama, Jose Antonio Remon Cantera, was assassinated at a racetrack.
In 1967, Republican Ronald Reagan took the oath of office as the new governor of California in a ceremony that took place in Sacramento shortly just after midnight.
In 1974, President Richard Nixon signed legislation requiring states to limit highway speeds to 55 miles an hour as a way of conserving gasoline in the face of an OPEC oil embargo. (The 55 mph limit was effectively phased out in 1987; federal speed limits were abolished in 1995.) “Singing cowboy” star Tex Ritter died in Nashville at age 68.
In 1981, police in Sheffield, England, arrested Peter Sutcliffe, who confessed to being the “Yorkshire Ripper,” the serial killer of 13 women.
In 1991, Sharon Pratt was sworn in as mayor of Washington, D.C., becoming the first black woman to head a city of Washington's size and prominence.
In 2006, a methane gas explosion at the Sago (SAY'-goh) Mine in West Virginia claimed the lives of 12 miners, but one miner, Randal McCloy, Jr., was eventually rescued. The roof of a skating rink collapsed in the German town of Bad Reichenhall (bahd RYK'-ehn-hahl), killing 15 people.
Ten years ago: The state funeral for former President Gerald R. Ford began with an elaborate service at Washington National Cathedral, then moved to Grand Rapids, Michigan. New York City commuter Wesley Autrey Sr. saved Cameron Hollopeter, a 19-year-old film student who'd fallen onto subway tracks, by leaping down and pulling the teen and themselves into the trough between the tracks as a train passed over them. Talk show host Oprah Winfrey opened a school for disadvantaged girls in South Africa. (The school later became embroiled in allegations of abuse; Winfrey apologized and promised an overhaul.) No. 5 Louisville beat No. 15 Wake Forest 24-13 in the Orange Bowl. Former Jerusalem Mayor Teddy Kollek died at age 95.
Five years ago: Gordon Hirabayashi, a Japanese-American sociologist who spent 90 days in jail for refusing to be interned during World War II, died in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada at age 93. (Hirabayashi's conviction was overturned in 1987 by a U.S. court which concluded that the U.S. government's internment policies had been based on political expediency, and not on any risk to national security.) The 2012 Tournament of Roses brought its flowery floats to a worldwide audience under clear blue skies in Pasadena, California, and in its wake was followed by hundreds of anti-Wall Street protesters. No. 3 Oklahoma State beat No. 4 Stanford 41-38 in overtime in the Fiesta Bowl. No. 6 Oregon beat No. 9 Wisconsin 45-38 in the Rose Bowl.
One year ago: A heavily armed group led by Ammon and Ryan Bundy seized the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, beginning a 41-day standoff to protest the imprisonment of two ranchers convicted of setting fires on public land and demand the federal government turn over public lands to local control. Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign said it had raised more than $33 million during the previous three months in their bid to win the Democratic nomination, just short of the amount brought in by rival Hillary Clinton during the same period. The mayor of Temixco, Mexico, Gisela Mota, was assassinated a day after being sworn into office; two suspects were killed in a clash with police and three others arrested. Saudi Arabia executed 47 prisoners, including a prominent Shiite cleric; Shiite leaders in Iran and elsewhere across the Middle East swiftly condemned Riyadh and warned of a sectarian backlash.
Today's Birthdays: Country musician Harold Bradley is 91. Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert is 75. TV host Jack Hanna is 70. Actress Wendy Phillips is 65. Actress Cynthia Sikes is 63. Actress Gabrielle Carteris is 56. Movie director Todd Haynes is 56. Retired MLB All-Star pitcher David Cone is 54. Actress Tia Carrere is 50. Actor Cuba Gooding Jr. is 49. Model Christy Turlington is 48. Actor Taye Diggs is 46. Actress Renee Elise Goldsberry (Stage: “Hamilton”) is 46. Rock musician Scott Underwood is 46. Rock singer Doug Robb (Hoobastank) is 42. Actor Dax Shepard is 42. Actress Paz Vega is 41. Country musician Chris Hartman is 39. Ballroom dancer Karina Smirnoff (TV: “Dancing with the Stars”) is 39. Rock musician Jerry DePizzo Jr. (O.A.R.) is 38. Rhythm-and-blues singer Kelton Kessee (IMX) is 36. Pop singer-musician Ryan Merchant (Capital Cities) is 36. Actress Kate Bosworth is 34. Actor Peter Gadiot is 32. Jazz singer-musician Trombone Shorty is 31. Rhythm-and-blues singer/rapper Bryson Tiller is 24.
Thought for Today: “A clash of doctrines is not a disaster — it is an opportunity.” — Alfred North Whitehead, English philosopher and mathematician (1861-1947).
MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines said on Friday the anti-dengue vaccine Dengvaxia may be connected to three deaths in the country, according to a government-ordered inquiry, and that the drug is not ready for mass immunisation.
Sanofi revealed in November that Dengvaxia - the world's first dengue vaccine - might increase the risk of severe disease in people who had never been exposed to the virus. The news prompted an uproar in the Philippines, where more than 800,000 school-age children had been vaccinated in 2016.
“We sympathise with all the families who have suffered the loss of a child. Sanofi Pasteur's mission is to reduce or eliminate suffering for millions around the world through vaccination, including in the Philippines,” a spokesperson for the French drugmaker said in an emailed statement.
The Philippine Health Ministry halted Dengvaxia immunisations in November. It formed a 10-member panel of experts to determine if the drug was directly connected to the deaths of 14 children after they were given the vaccine.
It found it may have been connected to the deaths of three.
“Three cases were found to have causal association. They died of dengue even (though) they were given Dengvaxia. Two of them may have died because of vaccine failure,” Health Undersecretary Enrique Domingo told a news conference.
“These findings strengthen the decision of the Department of Health to stop the vaccine. It has failed in some children. Dengvaxia is not ready for mass vaccinations and we would need three to five more years to watch and monitor if there would be other adverse reactions from the vaccine.”
Mosquito-borne dengue is the world's fastest-growing infectious disease, afflicting up to 100 million people worldwide, causing half a million life-threatening infections and killing about 20,000 people, mostly children, each year.
Domingo said the panel's findings would be shared with the justice department, which is considering cases against those responsible for the mass immunisation programme.
Paediatrician and panel member Juliet Sio-Aguilar, from the University of the Philippines-Philippine General Hospital (UP-PGH), said the team was recommending further studies as it was difficult to directly connect the three deaths to Dengvaxia.
No vaccine has a 100 percent success rate, they said. The dengue death rate in the Philippines was 60 times higher than global rate, Sio-Aguilar said.
Sanofi said on Saturday the UP-PGH's findings confirmed there is currently no evidence directly linking the Dengvaxia vaccine to any of the 14 deaths.
“In Dengvaxia clinical trials conducted over more than a decade and the over one million doses of the vaccine administered, no deaths related to the vaccine have been reported to us,” the company said in a statement.
The Philippines spent 3.5 billion pesos ($68 million) on the Dengvaxia programme to reduce the 200,000 dengue cases reported every year.
Sanofi said clinical evidence confirms dengue vaccination in the Philippines will provide a net reduction in dengue disease, including severe dengue.
The Philippines has already fined Sanofi a symbolic $2,000, citing violations in product registration and marketing.
($1 = 51.6 pesos)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - United Overseas Bank Ltd:
* ‍DISPOSED 10.29% INTEREST IN MARCO POLO MARINE LTD AT S$0.035 PER MPML SHARE​
* DISPOSAL IS NOT EXPECTED TO HAVE A MATERIAL IMPACT ON EPS OF BANK FOR FY ENDING 31 DEC 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Protesting, legal advocacy, community-building: A “Summer of Resistance” is on in Texas, and undocumented college students are among the first to take a stand.
They're protesting State Bill 4, which was signed into law by Texas Governor Greg Abbott last month and effectively bans the existence of sanctuary cities in the state. The law, set to take effect in September, gives police officers and other authorities the right to ask about individuals' immigration statuses during traffic stops and other routine interactions.
The law also requires that officials — including campus police — comply with federal immigration agents who are enforcing immigration laws, and establishes penalties for those who do not comply. For example, if federal immigration agents were to inquire about the legal status of those detained by campus police, the officers could not deny the request.
If a college student is stopped on campus – #SB4 is in effect. #txlege https://t.co/ldhmdUBxOZ — Mia Ibarra (@ThatMiaIbarra) May 3, 2017
Throughout the process of SB4's passing, college students stepped into the role of organizers and protesters, fighting against what they see as a racist law because it encourages racial profiling.
Vanessa Rodriguez, an 18-year-old rising sophomore at the University of Texas at Austin, is part of an undocumented student-led organization on campus. For her, protesting SB4 is about advocating for the community that the law threatens.
“It was very important for us to make a voice available to our community saying that, ‘I am undocumented, I am afraid, this bill is racist, but we will not give up, and we need numbers, we need commitment and we need unity to fight this,'” Rodriguez says.
UT student Vanessa Rodriguez, personally impacted, is one of many protesting passing of #SB4. @Max_Gorden details: https://t.co/DqEKW7Ydne pic.twitter.com/jMMc3jdQZQ — Spectrum News Austin (@SpecNewsATX) May 9, 2017
At UT-Austin campus, officials say it is yet unclear how SB4 may impact students because many have left Austin during the summer term. Associate director of international student and scholar services Margaret Luévano told USA TODAY College in an email that student concerns related to the law will be addressed as they come up.
And at the University of Houston, executive director of media relations Mike Rosen wrote in an email, “We will continue to use the legal tools at our disposal to protect the Constitutional rights of our students and we will continue to follow all local, state and federal laws.” They also noted UH's second-place ranking among public universities in the country for ethnic diversity.
Students like Rodriguez say they are already feeling the effects of SB4. At times, Rodriguez says, they have had to choose between going to class and going to the Texas State Capitol building in Austin to testify at hearings.
“Of course I chose to go over there and testifying because unlike many other students who are in my classrooms or my lecture rooms, I did not have the luxury to choose listening to a lecture because with the bill, my existence in the classroom was in jeopardy,” Rodriguez says.
Mirroring the 2010 “show me your papers” law in Arizona, Texas' SB4 was designed to target undocumented individuals who have committed crimes. But in reality, the law affects entire families and communities of undocumented individuals who are now afraid to leave their homes, according to Georgetown University rising sophomore and Texas resident Mizraim Belman Guerrero.
Texas' undocumented immigrant population is the second-largest in the United States at about 1.5 million individuals — behind only California — and 15% of those are between the ages of 16 and 24.
Under SB4, individuals who are stopped by police for simple traffic violations and even those who are victims of crimes can be asked for documentation if there is “probable cause” that the individual has committed a crime. Belman Guerrero, who is undocumented and a recipient of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), says the threat of this law combined with raids of undocumented immigrants in Austin have left the community fearful.
“No one wants to go out and buy groceries, no one wants to go and take their kids to school,” Belman Guerrero says. “It's really been this fear in communities where some people are even thinking of leaving the state and trying to find somewhere else they can live, because of this law that now basically gives the police the right to stop anyone that looks like an immigrant — or at least their belief of what an immigrant looks like — and asking for their documents.”
And while in families like Belman Guerrero's — where children may have legal protections like DACA but parents do not — the effects of the law most directly threaten older relatives, it is college students who have taken on the role of organizing their communities.
“According to the messaging that they put out, it's parents and older people that as they say, kind of ‘knew what they were doing' when they came, crossing the border without documentation,” Belman Guerrero says. “It definitely seems that a lot of the time the people who do the most organizing are the people with the most privilege. So a lot of college students have fortunately been beneficiaries of DACA and I think it's definitely a huge driving force.”
Young adults have been a strong voice for undocumented communities in Texas, and in order to do that they have had to take on responsibilities most college students never have to think about. Belman Guerrero goes to school across the country from where their family lives, and they say with SB4 in place they have the added stress of worrying about them.
“Being an undocumented student, you're not just a student. At least for me, I constantly have to think about my family,” Belman Guerrero says. “Especially now with a law like this, I really don't know if they are still going to be here when I come back.”
Rodriguez, who quit their job as a state senate messenger so that they could testify at hearings in the early stages of SB4's proposal, even spent long nights cramming for the next day's finals after spending the day protesting.
Though they hoped to be able to take classes over the summer, Rodriguez decided to dedicate their time to their current job and the Summer of Resistance, which is organized by immigration activists from across Texas and looks to include community-building, educational workshops and protest against legislators who support SB4.
Rodriguez says student organizers hope to conduct “know your rights” presentations and provide support for immigrant communities in more rural towns that lack support systems that are in place in larger cities like Austin.
“Being an undocumented student in the state of Texas this legislative session was something extra, something we did not see coming,” Rodriguez says. “It is and it has been very tough, but we've managed somehow, and I think hopefully we'll continue to manage for the months to come.”
Still, the fight against #SB4 continues.
#BREAKING ~ City of Dallas to join Austin, other Texas cities in challenging #SB4, the "sanctuary city" law. — FOX 4 NEWS (@FOX4) June 7, 2017
Just heard from the court! Hearing on our preliminary injunction to block #SB4 is set for June 26 in San Antonio. — ACLU of Texas (@ACLUTx) June 7, 2017
Jeanine Santucci is a student at Georgetown University and a USA TODAY College correspondent.
And the rumor mill begins!
According to reports streaming from Asia, it appears that BMW has something special up its sleeve for the Shanghai Motor Show. That's because all-new images of what appears to be a BMW M4 with an aggressive front lip, OLED taillights and a modified rear deck have been teased.
Speculators have said that it's the M4 CS but there's a part of me wondering if this is merely the facelift M4 GTS.
Hold on tight, Spies!
M4 CS to debut at Shanghai Automobile Show Just got news from BMW China and it says there's a new M4 model gonna show up in Shanghai automobile show. It looks like it comes with the 763M wheels, GTS front lips and OLED taillight. I tried to upload some screenshot but the form tool doesn't allow me to do that.
Here is the article's link:
http://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/9_E_hh5bWCp7v4tChqw8gw
Read Article
A judge presiding over the case of alleged fraud involving a former National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party, Olisa Metuh, has demanded the prosecution of three staff members of Channels Television.
The judge, Okon Abang, also asked the office of the attorney general to institute a case of alleged prejudicial comments against a lawyer, Benchux Nwosu, representing Mr Metuh.
The judge gave the order after listening to a recorded programme aired on Channels Television involving the ongoing trial of Mr Metuh.
The judge, however, failed to include a lawyer representing the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Johnson Ojogbane, who spoke through a telephone conversation to the station during the aired programme.
“The court has listened attentively to the video recording of Channels Television Sunrise Daily of April, 2018.
“I noticed that Bemchux Nwosu was also on the programme. I heard what they said about the trial going on in this court. If they were in court before me. I would have known what to do. I thought they had the courage. They ought to have appeared before the court.
“It is clear that the statement of the programme was aired outside the court not within the court therefore I have no jurisdiction to determine whether the statements are prejudicial to this court,” the judge said.
Mr Abang said though they have no jurisdiction to declare that the statement made by the three persons representing channels constituted prejudicial discussion, ” I have jurisdiction to refer this matter to the body that can determine such.”
The judge then ordered that the matter be referred to the disciplinary committee of the Nigeria Bar Association. They also directed that the prosecution (EFCC) file copies of compliance to the judgement within 30 days.
Part of what the prosecution is expected to comply with is the arraignment of the three journalists along with Mr Nwosu in a court of law.
Source: Premium Times
HOUSTON (AP)  Houston-area residents lined up by the thousands to beat an application deadline for state disaster food relief benefits.
The applicants are still recovering from the financial hardship left by flooding from Harvey nearly six weeks ago. More than 260,000 Harris County residents already have applied for benefits from the Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or D-SNAP.
The program is part of the federal nutrition program, formerly known as food stamps, that lets individuals buy food at grocery stores and other locations.
Residents like Fayne Manuel say the assistance will help them feed their families as they continue making up for lost wages and paying for unexpected expenses due to Harvey.
Nawabshah
Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) co-chairperson and former president Asif Ali Zardari on Sunday went abroad for medical checkup. Earlier, Asif Ali Zardari visited the shrine of Sindh's saint Lal Shahbaz Qalandar and prayed for the prosperity of Sindh and Pakistan.
Asif Ali Zardari seemed displeased on Auqaf Department over poor cleanliness condition of the tomb on their visit. Zardari inspected the construction work of shrine and advised the authorities of Sindh Government to complete the project soon.
Auqaf Department Advisor Syed Ghulam Shah Jilani and Religious Affairs Advisor Dr. Abdul Qayyum Soomro were along with Asif Ali Zardari. After visiting the tomb, Asif Ali Zardari left for Nawabshah. The shrine of Lal Shahbaz Qalandar was closed for common people ten hours before Zardari's visit which created a lot of trouble for them. The former president also went to Bhit to visit the tomb of saint Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai before going abroad.—NNI
* Futures lower: Dow 235 pts, S&P 20.25 pts, Nasdaq 49.50 pts
By Tanya Agrawal
Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were sharply lower on Friday, with Dow futures dropping more than 250 points, as bond yields rose to multi-year highs and investors awaited key U.S. jobs data.
Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields jumped to more than 2.8 percent, its highest level since early 2014. A rise in yields raises borrowing costs for companies and give traders an alternative investment option.
The pace of the recent rise in yields has been spurred by global central banks striking a more hawkish tone, with the U.S. Federal Reserve being the latest, as impressive economic data drives long-term inflation expectations.
The Fed on Wednesday indicated inflation was firming, but held interest rates steady. Currently the market has priced in three hikes for 2018. But if economic indicators continue improving, then the likelihood of a fourth rate hike increases.
A key indicator of U.S. economic health is the Labor Department's monthly payrolls data, due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1330 GMT).
The report is expected to show nonfarm payrolls increased by 180,000 jobs in January, according to a Reuters survey of economists, after rising by 148,000 in December.
Average hourly earnings likely rose 0.3 percent, after a similar gain in December and the unemployment rate is expected to have stayed unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
At 7:02 a.m. ET, Dow e-minis were down 235 points, or 0.9 percent, with 59,672 contracts changing hands.
S&P 500 e-minis were down 20.25 points, or 0.72 percent, with 239,468 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 49.5 points, or 0.72 percent, on volume of 69,910 contracts.
Some investors have also grown wary of the pace of the global equity bull run, and have begun reducing their exposure to equities. Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a weekly note on global asset flows that its bull and bear indicator hit 8.6, triggering a sell signal for risk assets.
The U.S. stock market roared out of the blocks in 2018, before pulling back this week due to rising yields. The S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average are on track to post their biggest weekly losses since the end of 2016.
Even reports from major companies have failed to enthuse.
Shares of Google-parent Alphabet fell 4.3 percent in premarket trading after the company's quarterly profit missed analysts' estimates.
Apple was struggling for direction and was last up 0.4 percent as investors weighed up strong iPhone prices and cash plans with the company's muted forecast.
Amazon.com rose 5.1 percent after reporting a record profit of near $2 billion, helped by a rise in online sales and tax law changes.
So far, the S&P 500 companies have posted strong results, with about 80 percent of the 227 that have reported beating Wall Street's profit estimates, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D‘Souza)
Riverview High School in Sarasota County opened an investigation after a racist "promposal" went viral. Twitter
LONDON (Reuters) - A Scottish judge will decide early next week whether to refer to the European Court of Justice a case questioning if Britain alone can change its mind about leaving the European Union, a spokesperson for Scotland's Court of Session said on Friday.
The case, brought by a group of pro-EU lawmakers, is aimed at giving Britain the option of staying in the world's biggest trading bloc once it is known what Brexit actually means for the economy and politics.
The decision by Judge J. Raymond Doherty at Scotland's supreme civil court will be announced on Monday or Tuesday, the spokesperson said.
Their verdict could be appealed before a panel of judges at the court's inner house before a possible referral to the ECJ, which is the body which rules on the meaning of EU law.
The group of opposition lawmakers argue that once Britain knows what Brexit means, parliament may well decide to overturn the decision and so needs to know in advance if that is legally possible.
The British government argues that the question of whether it alone can stop Brexit is irrelevant, since it does not intend to change its mind about leaving the European Union.
Prime Minister Theresa May formally notified the EU of Britain's intention to leave by triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty on March 29 last year, starting a two-year exit process.
They have said they will not tolerate any attempt in parliament to block it. But British lawmakers defied the government in December by voting against May's wishes and securing parliament a much more substantial say on whether to accept the final Brexit deal.
The lawmakers behind the challenge represent electoral areas in Scotland which voted strongly to remain in the EU in the June 2016 referendum while the United Kingdom as a whole voted to leave.
Fireworks and fan unrest halt Hertha DFB-Pokal match
Hertha Berlin's DFB-Pokal clash with Hansa Rostock was halted by fans with fireworks, while Schalke reached the next round safely.
by Omnisport News 15 Aug 2017, 03:00 IST
Hertha Berlin fans let off fireworks during the match against Hansa Rostock
Hertha Berlin's DFB-Pokal match with Hansa Rostock had to be suspended after fans caused havoc with huge numbers of pyrotechnics in the away end of the ground.
Coloured flames and smoke lit up the section of Ostseestadion housing the visiting Hertha supporters as several flares and fireworks were let off in the second half.
Referee Robert Hartmann had earlier briefly halted the match due to missiles being thrown onto the pitch, before the problems escalated.
Fireworks were aimed from the Hertha section towards Hansa fans, while seats were said to have been set on fire and flags burned among both sets of supporters.
The players and officials headed for the tunnel for a period of 15 minutes in the second half, with the scores at 0-0, before the game resumed after police stepped in to further segregate the supporters.
The referee calls both teams off the field for safety reasons. There's no place in football for scenes like this. (77') #FCHBSC #hahohe — Hertha Berlin (@HerthaBSC_EN) August 14, 2017
Hertha went on to win 2-0 thanks to goals from Mitchell Weiser and Vedad Ibisevic in the closing minutes.
Earlier, Schalke progressed from their clash with BFC Dynamo, Yevhen Konoplyanka's double securing a 2-0 win.
Nurnberg were 2-1 winners Duisburg and Paderborn saw off St Pauli by the same scoreline.
iTunes Movies U.S. charts for week ending February 12, 2017:
iTunes Movies US Charts:
1. Trolls
2. Hacksaw Ridge
Advertisement
3. John Wick
4. Arrival
5. Captain Fantastic
6. Jack Reacher: Never Go Back
7. The Accountant (2016)
8. Manchester By the Sea
9. Masterminds (2016)
10. The Girl On the Train (2016)
iTunes Movies US Charts - Independent:
1. Captain Fantastic
2. Manchester By the Sea
3. Loving
4. The Dressmaker
5. Almost Adults
6. Our Kind of Traitor
7. Whiplash
8. Youth In Oregon
9. Crazy Heart
10. A Man Called Ove
__
(copyright) 2017 Apple Inc.
LONDON (Reuters) - Defender Guillermo Varela has left Manchester United to return to Penarol in their native Uruguay, the Premier League club said on its official Twitter account on Saturday.
Varela was former manager David Moyes's first signing for United in 2013 but made only four league appearances.
They spent their second season on loan at Real Madrid Castilla, the Spanish side's reserve team, and last season was loaned to Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt.
They suspended them in May after they had an unauthorised tattoo, which became infected.
The Munich-based chemical group Wacker and the Brazilian silicone compounder STC Silicones have concluded an agreement on the co-branding of ready-to-use silicone compounds. Under its terms, STC is allowed to promote silicone compounds made from Wacker raw materials with the quality seal “Based on Elastosil”.
Elastosil has been synonymous with high-quality silicone rubber products over more than 60 years, and is now one of Wacker's most successful brands. STC Silicones is based in Ribeirão Pires in the Brazilian state of São Paulo.
Wacker has been supplying STC Silicones with high-quality silicone raw materials and additives since 2003. The family-owned business uses them to produce ready-to-process silicone compounds for the automotive, medical, electrical and household-product sectors.
Health insurer Humana is leaving the Affordable Care Act's public insurance exchanges for next year as it regroups after ending its proposed combination with rival insurer Aetna.
Humana Inc. covers about 150,000 people on exchanges in 11 states.
The insurer said Tuesday it had taken several actions to improve that business, but it was still seeing signs of unbalanced risk in that customer population. Health insurers have struggled to attract enough healthy people to their risk pools to balance the claims they incur from people with expensive medical conditions.
Humana and Aetna said earlier Tuesday that they were calling off Aetna's roughly $34 billion acquisition of Humana. That deal already had been rejected by a federal judge who was worried about its impact on competition.
Listen to this week's Keeping Score podcast:
A wrap up of the week in sports news from sports marketing expert Rick Horrow:
Advertisers for Sunday's Super Bowl LII can't afford any missteps: After dropping an average of $5 million-plus for a 30-spot, brands will showcase their ads in front of upwards of 100 million viewers, many of whom are increasingly wary of political content. Rick's take: NBC is expanding its coverage of the Super Bowl compared to recent years, as consumption of the big game increases exponentially every year.
The sexual abuse scandal involving former Olympic team doctor Larry Nassar is weighing on the gymnastics community with some gym owners reconsidering the culture of the sport. And a Wall Street Journal report this week said that U.S. Olympic Committee officials were told in 2015 that an investigation had uncovered possible criminal sexual abuse by Nassar. Rick's take: The public deserves answers as to how such a horrible crime could go on for so long without detection and restitution.
Vine McMahon announced plans to bring back a ‘reimagined' version of the XFL in 2020, as the World Wrestling Entertainment founder looks to resurrect the short-lived football league. McMahon claims the league will be “fan-centric with all the things you like to see and less of the things you don't.” Rick's take: The league will start during the winter following the Super Bowl, with eight yet-to-be-determined markets.
Click here for more of Reuters best sports photography.
Hyundai is so eager to slash product design cycles and introduce new models that its design vice president wants to see drawings become a production reality in just 18 months.
Speaking to Automotive News, senior vice president of design at Hyundai and Genesis, Luc Donckerwolke, said the South Korean automaker intends on responding to trends and demand for new models by dramatically cutting life cycles.
“As life cycles get shorter, they will get drastically shorter. I have no doubt design can be shortened by half,” Donckerwolke said.
Read Article
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Concerned about Russia's growing tactical nuclear weapons, the United States will expand its nuclear capabilities, a policy document released on Friday said, a move some critics say could increase the risk of miscalculation between the two countries.
It represents the latest sign of hardening resolve by President Donald Trump's administration to address challenges from Russia, at the same time they are pushing for improved ties with Moscow to rein in a nuclear North Korea.
The focus on Russia is in line with the Pentagon shifting priorities from the fight against Islamist militants to “great power competition” with Moscow and Beijing.
“Our strategy will ensure Russia understands that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is unacceptable,” the document, known as the Nuclear Posture Review, said.
The rationale for building up new nuclear capabilities, U.S. officials said, is that Russia currently perceives the United States' nuclear posture and capabilities as inadequate.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Saturday it was very disappointed by the content of the document, which, it said, has a confrontational feel and anti-Russian orientation.
“We, of course, will have to take into account the approach enacted now in Washington and to take the needed measures to secure our own safety,” the ministry said.
It denied accusations against Russia made in the U.S. document.
The ministry added that Russia was ready to work constructively with the Americans.
By expanding its own low-yield nuclear capability, the United States would deter Russia from using nuclear weapons, U.S. officials argue.
Low-yield nuclear weapons, while still devastating, have a strength of less than 20 kilotons. The atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima had about the same explosive power.
The argument for these weapons is that larger nuclear bombs are so catastrophic that they would never be used and do not work as an effective deterrent. With less power and destruction, the low-yield option would potentially be more likely to be used, serving as an effective deterrent.
The Pentagon document, which is largely in line with the previous review in 2010, said the United States will modify a small number of submarine-launched ballistic missile warheads with low-yield options.
LONG TERM
A U.S. Air Force missile maintenance team removes the upper section of an intercontinental ballistic missile with a nuclear warhead in an undated USAF photo at Malmstrom Air Force Base, Montana. REUTERS/USAF/Airman John Parie/handout via Reuters/Files
In the long term, the U.S. military will also develop a new nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile. The missile could have the less powerful option, but a decision has not been made, and will take up to a decade to develop, officials said.
Greg Weaver, deputy director of strategic capabilities at the Pentagon, said the United States would be willing to limit developing the missile if Russia would “redress the imbalance in non-strategic nuclear forces”.
Weaver said the most difficult task for those working on the review was trying to address the gap between Russian and American non-strategic nuclear weapons.
Russia has a stockpile of 2,000 non-strategic nuclear weapons, according to the Pentagon. The U.S. has a few hundred active low-yield weapons deployed in Europe.
FILE PHONational flags of Russia and the U.S. fly at Vnukovo International Airport in Moscow, Russia April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/Files
The U.S. State Department said it had briefed Russian and Chinese officials on the review.
U.S. officials argue that since the last nuclear review, Russia has expanded and modernized its non-strategic nuclear weapons, annexed Crimea in 2014, and deployed a ground-launched cruise missile that breaches the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty. The treaty bans testing and fielding missiles with ranges of 500-5,500 km (310-3,417 miles). The report also, for the first time publicly, said Russia was developing a hypersonic, nuclear-powered undersea torpedo.
“The U.S. is not arms racing, we are responding to Russian initiative here,” Weaver said.
Some experts have questioned the expansion.
Jon Wolfsthal, a former top advisor to President Barack Obama on arms control, said there was a possibility that it could lead to a miscalculation.
“If we put nuclear weapons on cruise missiles and we launch conventional cruise missiles, how does Russia know that they are conventional?” they said.
The review called for continuing the B-83 bomb, the largest nuclear weapon in the U.S. stockpile, until a replacement is found, reversing plans to retire i
The document argues that by developing U.S. nuclear responses, it raises the Russian threshold for using the weapons, rather than lowering the U.S. threshold.
Kingston Reif, director for disarmament research at the Arms Control Association advocacy group, said the document could bolster a new kind of arms race.
“It's not an arms race in terms of numbers like during the Cold War, but is an arms race that involves more than just the United States and Russia and it involves upgrading and improving the capability of existing nuclear forces,” Reif said.
* Indian buying at highest since 2015 * China's purchases slide from record to 7-month low * Total WAF loadings for Asia fall by nearly 8 pct * Graphic on oil exports to Asia: tmsnrt.rs/2dG0SuJ By Libby George LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Indian refineries booked the largest amount of West African oil to load per day in February since April 2015, helping to shore up a decline in Chinese buying, a Reuters survey of vessel fixtures and traders showed on Friday. Indian refiners Reliance and Essar joined state-run Indian Oil Corp (IOC) in booking ships to ferry West Africa oil east, running the total up to 780,000 barrels per day (bpd) - close to a three-year high on a bpd basis. Essar bought a cargo of Dalia from Angola's Sonangol, while Reliance booked several ships to load Nigerian, Angolan and Congolese crude, the fixtures showed. The purchases helped to offset a steep drop in bpd-loadings for China, which fell to 1.22 million bpd from a record of 1.59 million bpd the previous month. While China is still a key outlet, particularly for Angolan oil, its buyers have a wide range of options, and turning away even slightly makes more of it available to others. "Demand for some grades was down from more regular buyers, so Angolan had to be priced low to move," one trader said. This in part helped drive some of the Indian buying, sources said. While IOC is a regular buyer of West African oil, typically via tenders, Essar and Reliance tend to opt for the region's crude only when it is particularly competitive. Traders said a rush to clear out February-loading cargoes, along with some length in Angolan barrels as Chinese buyers backed away, helped lure the refineries. The cargoes will also arrive in March and April, around the time refineries are concluding spring maintenance and looking to run full steam, traders said. ExxonMobil also booked West African oil to sail to Australia. Total loadings of West African oil to Asia slid to 2.17 million bpd as a result of the slowdown from China, down from a record 2.39 million bpd in January. COUNTRY February BPD January BPD '000s cargoes '000s cargoes CHINA 36 1,221 52 1,594 INDIA 23 780 16 490 INDONESIA 2 68 2 61 TAIWAN 1 34 2 61 JAPAN 0 0 0 S. KOREA 0 0 0 0 OTHERS 2 68 6 184 TOTAL 64 2,171 78 2,390 (Reporting by Libby George; Editing by David Evans)
Porsche has settled a class action lawsuit out of court from a bunch of owners claiming they had to go and buy polarized sunglasses because the dashboard trim in their car was blinding in sunlight. Owners with the affected cars can get up to $175 in compensation. This is all hilariously insane.
I'm going to just skip over the point about people who can afford a Porsche suing over a value of $50 to $175.
Tehran
Iran says the first consignment of high-quality gasoline produced from its newly-launched Persian Gulf Start Refinery is ready for nationwide distribution. Abbas Kazemi, the managing director of the National Iranian Oil Products Refining and Distribution Company (NIORDC), was quoted by media as saying that the consignment comprised 21 million liters of gasoline.
They said it had been deposited at a key reservoir of the NIORDC in the southern Iranian port city of Bandar Abbas. Kazemi said Persian Gulf Star Refinery had already produced about 100 million tons of gasoline after over 40 days from its official inauguration on April 30, 2017, adding that the amount had been stored at the internal reservoirs of the refinery.
They emphasized that production of gasoline from condensate – what officials had already described as the first of its kind in the country – had started from the refinery from the very first day, rejecting media speculations that the project was not operational yet.
The official further added that the NIORDC would gradually receive the total volume of gasoline produced at Persian Gulf Star Refinery. They put Iran's current gasoline production capacity at around 62 million liters per day, adding that it would reach around 70 million liters within a month.
Kazemi said Iran's total gasoline production would exceed 100 million liters per day after Persian Gulf Start Refinery would be put in full stream.
Iran inaugurated the first phase of the refinery in late April as a project that the officials said would make the country independent from imports of gasoline after 36 years. The refinery would produce at least 12 million tons per day of high quality gasoline – technically classified as Euro 4/IV – in the first phase.
Other daily products of the project after completion would include 14 million tons of gas oil, 4 million tons of liquefied petroleum gas, 3 million tons of jet fuel and 130 tons of sulphur.—Agencies
One person was taken to the hospital early Monday morning after a shooting took place in North Portland, according to police.
Portland police responded to the Unthank Plaza apartment building in the 2500 block of North Williams Avenue at midnight.
By FOX 12 Staff
Read more HERE from KPTV.com
In this week's edition of the Variety Movie Commercial Tracker, powered by TV advertising attention analytics company iSpot.tv, Universal Pictures claims the top spot in spending for the third week in a row with “The Fate of the Furious.”
Just behind “The Fate of the Furious” in second place: Open Road Films' “The Promise,” which saw 1,638 national ad airings across 33 networks, with an estimated media value of $3.9 million.
TV ad placements for EuropaCorp/STX's “The Circle” (EMV: $2.86 million), Walt Disney Pictures' “Born in China” ($2.67 million), and Marvel's “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2” ($2.4 million) round out the chart.
Ads placed for the action thriller had an estimated media value of $5.91 million through Sunday for 1,531 national ad airings across 45 networks. (Spend figures are based on estimates generated from April 10-16. Estimates may be updated after the chart is posted as new information becomes available.) After an earlier focus on a sports lovers, it appears that Universal Pictures is targeting a broader audience. The studio had the highest network-specific spend for NBC, followed by the USA Network and ESPN. In terms of show-specific spending, “Law & Order: Special Victims Unit,” NBA basketball and “The Voice” topped the list.
The Azadi Museum was inaugurated at Wagha border on Monday by Rangers Punjab Director General (DG) Umer Farooq Burki.
People from various walks of life, media representatives, and officials of the rangers and army attended the inauguration ceremony in large numbers.
Brigadier Asim Gurdezi while briefing the media said that the museum would open to the public on March 23 and that entry to the museum would be free of cost. Describing the museum, they said that “it captures the evolution of Pakistan through pictures, and provides some basic and important information about Pakistan.”
They further said that Azadi Museum had been established at a cost of Rs 27 million and that its prime objective was to provide recreational facilities.
Shari Redstone is one of Variety's 2017 Power of Women New York honorees. For more women in entertainment using their voices to bring attention to worthy causes, click here.
From filing for divorce to challenging an eviction notice, there are plenty of times when Americans need a lawyer. But unlike in criminal cases, where people have the right to a public defender, in civil suits they need to pay for an attorney out of their own pocket.
“One of the things we take for granted in this country is that rule of law exists,” says Shari Redstone. “The entire legal system was built upon the assumption that people would have adequate representation. When they don't, the system fails and the laws don't matter.”
Marco Grob for Variety
That's where Legal Services Corp. comes in. The group that Redstone supports provides funding to 134 legal-aid organizations, which, in turn, give counsel to close to 2 million people. Redstone is one of the most powerful voices in the entertainment business, overseeing their family's controlling stakes in Viacom and CBS Corp., and running Advancit Capital, a new media investment fund. Before joining the global conglomerates, Redstone started their career as a defense attorney. It's part of the reason they got involved as a member of Legal Services Corp.'s leaders council.
“I saw the legal system close up, and I understood that it was built by lawyers for lawyers, and unless you have an attorney to navigate it you're not going to be successful,” says Redstone.
James Sandman, president of Legal Services Corp., praises Redstone for shining a spotlight on the justice gap.
“The biggest challenge we face is ignorance of the problem,” says Sandman. “Shari has access to platforms and audiences that most people in legal-aid circles don't.”
When she's not giving back, Redstone says she's happiest spending time with their family, particularly their young grandchildren. A lot of bonding takes place in the kitchen.
“I'm known for my desserts,” they say. “I do great monster cookies with the kids. They go into my cabinet and they get everything that they might want to put in a cookie and they put them all in cups so we've got the sprinkles and the chips and the chocolate.”
A chronic insomniac, Redstone has been getting advice from their friend Arianna Huffington about improving their sleeping habits. Advancit Capital is an investor in Huffington's new startup, Thrive Global, a company that's mission is to promote better a better work/life balance.
“I'm trying to make them proud,” said Redstone. “I need to figure out how to sleep better. Most of my binge watching is after midnight. Most of my baking is after ten. I'm really working on trying to sleep more. No devices in my bed, get into a routine. I've started doing yoga every night.”
There's plenty to keep them occupied professionally. Redstone spent much of 2016 ousting Philippe Dauman from the chairperson role at Viacom as the company's share price plummeted. After prevailing in a legal battle, Viacom's board tapped Bob Bakish, former head of the company's international cable networks, to serve as CEO.
“Bob has a vision, they have a strategy, they create a great culture, they build great teams, and they work together with everyone,” said Redstone. “He listens and learns and makes decisions.”
Under Bakish, the company is trying to better integrate cable channels such as MTV and Comedy Central with Paramount, its film studio, so that the various divisions cross-pollinate to create fresh film franchises and TV series. As part of the shakeup, Viacom recently tapped Jim Gianopulos, the former head of 20th Century Fox's film studio, to run Paramount.
“We're really focused on creating great content on having a very strong financial results,” said Redstone. “I think Jim is going to be a great leader in working with the creative community and in working with Paramount to bring us back to where we deserve to be and will be.”
Redstone said they believe that the company is turning a corner.
“It's a new day for Viacom,” said Redstone. “Businesses in order to be successful, it's all about the culture. It's all about the people. We lost that focus, but it's back and I couldn't be more excited about the opportunity we have to be a leader in the industry.”
Menlo Park's Holiday Showcase set for Dec. 13
The Holiday Showcase celebrates the talented community and dynamic array of classes and programs offered through the City of Menlo Park. It takes place on December 13, 2017 from 7:00 to 9:00 pm at the Menlo-Atherton Performing Arts Center. Tickets are $5.00 for adults and free for children under 12.
Discover programs available including dance, gymnastics, fitness, theatre, martial arts, and much more. Enjoy Heartbeat of Hula, Soul Line Dancing, Persian Dance and a variety of other demonstrations! After the show, stay for the showcase social hour to meet with performers and instructors to ask questions and learn more about their programs.
Photo by Lucky Banks-Kenny
Outside of their Toro Y Moi project, Chaz Bundick is well-known for collaborating with a wide range of artists. Throughout their prolific career, he's found themselves working alongside Chromeo, SZA, Das Racist's Kool A.D., Travi$ Scott, and The Avalanches, just to name a few. Their latest collaboration once again finds them branching out musically, though this time it came together by literally stupid chance.
Jonathan Mattson, drummer for the twin jazz duo The Mattson 2, had absentmindedly forgotten their drum stool for an Oakland concert in 2014. The Mattson's friend and photographer Andrew Paynter said they knew a guy who could help out, and it just so happened to be Bundick. When they all met up at a cafe the next day to return the stool, Bundick and the twins clicked, and a musical relationship was born.
By the end of February 2016, the trio had recorded their new album, Star Stuff, as Chaz Bundick Meets The Mattson 2. Out March 31st via Bundick's own Company Records, the effort is today being previewed with a new single, “JBS”. The nearly seven-minute track is a bluesy piece of psych-jazz, laid back and mellow like that feeling one gets after returning home from a long, joyful trip. When you're feeling struck with a bit of well-earned exhaustion, “JBS” is the kind of jam that reassures you it's okay to embrace the laziness. Take a listen below.
“JBS” was preceded by the album's lead single and title track, “Star Stuff”. To find out more about the record and how it came together, Consequence of Sound chatted with Bundick and Jonathan Mattson in an exclusive interview. Speaking on the phone, Bundick explained what drew them to make a free-flowing jazz album, and Mattson answered a few questions about the collaboration via email.
You all met pretty much by chance, and really hadn't heard of each other before that. So what was it about that first encounter that made you want to work together?
Chaz Bundick: More than anything, it was their music taste. We went to breakfast the next day, just so I could get the drum stool back, and we were just really talking about what we were listening to, what each other listens to. Once I figured out they had [a few] similar influences to me — [Serge] Gainsburg, [David] Axelrod, the whole general idea of lirbarby music, all sorts of jazz — I was like, “Man, if you guys ever want to record anything, just let me know.” Because that's something I've wanted to do for awhile, go into that library music world, psych world. It was perfect timing really.
You hadn't seen them live?
CB: No, it was more just the musical bonding, the musical taste is what brought us together closely. But then when I did see them [live], it was mind blowing because they're both young virtuosos. We were just bonding over different production techniques, and kind of had the same taste. That's when we decided to book sometime.
Jonathan Mattson: I knew after talking with them lengthily about music, art, and other like-minded passions that they would be a great person to collaborate with. The thing is, [my brother/bandmate] Jared and I are not people that like to “jam” much. I feel that a lot of people who aren't musicians, or something, think that musicians always want to “jam.” I always remembered jamming with people when I was younger and I would literally fall asleep on the drums. Jared and I exert so much of our energy improvising, performing, and creating music together, that when we have free time on our hands the last thing we want to do is jam with random people. But with Chaz it was different — they had their own aesthetic (I could already tell) and I saw them as a musical inspiration that could enhance qualities that we couldn't do ourselves. I think that's the key to collaboration, working with people that can offer something that you can't do.
I was a bit worried at first that after all the hype of meeting each other and nerding out on music and stuff that I would hear their music and wouldn't connect to it. Or that it would be something that wasn't really in line with our aesthetics. But when I started delving into their catalogue I was super impressed at their compositional skill, their production, and their vocals. I could see all these inspirations culminating into this original sound. Everything had such a catchiness to it that got me and Jared so amped and inspired. It came along at a perfect time because we were wondering what to do next.
Chaz, you're known for working on multiple projects and with multiple collaborators, often simultaneously. Star Stuff came together right after you'd finished Toro Y Moi's What For?, while things like PLUM and the Samantha mixtape were all in various stages of percolation. How are you able to keep all those different things separate in the studio?
CB: There are several different approaches. For the Mattson's record, to give it consistency throughout the whole record we kind of just knocked it out in two huge recording sessions. We did maybe two or three weeks of recording over six months or something like that. That's kind of the best way to do it when you're collaborating with another band. But if I'm by myself, say with Toro or Les Sins, it's more just compartmentalizing. Being like, “This one could be a house track, I'll just put that aside.” Or if I have vocals on it, scratch vocals on it already, I'll go ahead and put it in a Toro file just for now. But who's to say that's gonna turn into something else, ya know?
At times, if I'm working by myself, I pretty much just work until I have a group or a collection of songs that kind of sound cohesive. And with a collaboration, like any of the Company Records [albums], pretty much we just knock it out all at once.
The Mattson 2 normally function as a pretty closely knit duo, so what was it like adding a third wheel to the mix? How did it affect the dynamic of your songwriting and process?
JM: That's an interesting question. You're right, Jared and I are very close intuitively and musically. We finish each other sentences in day to day conversation and in musical dialogue. Our connection exists on the plane of compositional elements and also with improvisational performance. Throwing in Chaz grounded our sound and made it something accessible.
At first, our dynamic in studio was as a normal band & producer relationship, but then we started realizing they had much more to offer than just engineering and producing. We then began collaborating on a compositional level — which I feel would have only been naturally inevitable, given that the three of us are all composers and instrumentalists. So their original role as producer/engineer changed to becoming a full fledged band member. This was never planned from the beginning. The music was just growing organically with Chaz becoming a pivotal collaborative composer and we let it all form the natural way it wanted to. The project ended up needing all of our compositional idiosyncrasies. We've enjoyed all of our engineers we've worked with — but we've never been able to collaborate with an engineer that was so well versed compositionally and instrumentally and that had their own branded sound and story telling.
CB: We pretty much just jammed for a few of the tracks and then just filled in the blanks. But for some of them, the Mattsons had a structure and everything and I just recorded it, and they played everything. It's kind of a mix-match of different approaches.
So you didn't play on everything?
CB: Right. I'm mixing and finding the guitar effects and picking the reverbs. Adding vocal touches here and there. But there are some tracks where I am playing live with them, like the opening track or “JBS”.
Can you talk some more about “JBS”? How did that track come about in particular? Was it one the Mattsons had pre-structured or was it the result of a jam?
CB: That was one of the Mattsons' first tracks. They would play that at soundcheck. Maybe like a year before we started working on this record I heard that song because we asked them to open for Toro a couple of times. I was like, “That song that you played at soundcheck, we gotta record that one. Whatever that one was.” They let me play bass on it and then just mess with it a bunch.
JM: “JBS” was something Jared and I wrote before meeting Chaz. They heard us play that live and immediately dug it. We never had any intention of having vocals. We gave Chaz the basic compositional skeleton and recorded it — but sometimes with compositions you play a song live so many times before recording it — and when you play it live, it just grabs the audience and everyone loves it. But when you get into the studio you do exactly what you did live and for some reason it doesn't work, or it doesn't have the same effect you thought it would. That's how this song was initially — but then Chaz added some keyboard pads and some beautifully tuned auto harp over that and really brought the emotion to a new level. I had this idea to do a glockenspiel line on the chorus that worked out nicely too.
After the song was more complete instrumentally we felt it would be really dynamic and appropriate for Chaz to add vocals. They didn't sing the vocals while we were in session. They sent the track to us with the vocals on it weeks after we were already out of the studio. When we heard it we fell in love with their vocals. They had a simplicity that didn't over power the music and the vocal sound was way drier and different then their vocals in Toro Y Moi. We were really honored that they took such a different approach, vocal-wise, with our project.
Right, there aren't many lyrics, but there are some sorts of plopped in there.
CB: It's a different approach to the songwriting song, I guess. The way that there's no chorus or anything. It's one verse just kind of there.
So what's the story behind that one verse?
CB: I guess the whole song kind of has this weaving, bluesy vibe about it. And me, just the life that I'm living, I was jet-lagged when I wrote the lyrics. That's pretty much what the song is about. It's about pretty much just being lazy for no reason, but you kind of have a reason because you're just exhausted. No matter how much rest you get, you're always still a little bit exhausted, but you just go with it.
The Mattson 2 played on Toro Y Moi's Live From Trona album, which came together after you'd actually recorded Star Stuff. Can you talk about that experience and how collaborating with Chaz beforehand eased you into working with them on that live recording?
JM: Yeah, in the studio we just clicked so well. I couldn't believe how well we connected and created together. It was so effortless. When Toro was going to film the Trona concert, Chaz asked us to be a part of it. And we decided that contributing “JBS” would not only introduce our collaboration to the world but also add a different dynamic. It was incredible working with the whole crew in the desert. The Toro guys are all such epic, kind individuals. Harry, the director was awesome working with also — they did such an incredible job directing — they are also the director we worked with for our “Star Stuff” music video.
The next step is the tour you three are going out on in April. How is that coming together and what are some of your plans for the shows?
CB: I'm excited! I don't know what's in store yet, to be honest. We haven't really tackled to songs yet. A couple weeks before the tour is when we're going to start rehearsing. We're trying to keep it simple. We're going to try to go for a trio sound as opposed to an orchestrated sound. It's going to be pretty raw, but pretty jazzy and psych rock stuff.
Those guys love to jam [live]. I'm more of a pop guy, so there's definitely gonna be some pull to jam less on my side just because I'm not that technically advanced to even jam for that long. Except for on bass maybe [laughs]. So I suggested that we learn some covers and try some really cool stuff. I think we're going to throw an Axelrod cover in here, just coincidently. It sucks that they just passed, but that's kind of a coincidence.
JM: We are super excited about the tour. I think playing this material live is going to really excite our audiences. A lot of the repertoire that we will perform has a lot of improvisation that audiences are hungry for these days. I also feel Chaz's audience is going to experience a different side of their virtuosity then they are used to that is only going to enhance and reinforce their appreciation of him. And vice versa, I feel our audience is going to see a different side of us as well that they may not ever think we were capable of.
Chaz Bundick Meets The Mattson 2 2017 Tour Dates:
04/12 – West Columbia, SC @ New Brookland Tavern *
04/13 – Durham, NC @ Duke Coffeehouse *
04/14 – Washington, DC @ U Street Music Hall *
04/15 – Philadelphia, PA @ Johnny Brenda's *
04/16 – New York, NY @ Bowery Ballroom *
04/18 – Somerville, MA @ Once Ballroom *
04/19 – Montreal, QC @ Bar Le Ritz PDB *
04/20 – Toronto, ON @ Canadian Music Week
04/21 – Ferndale, MI @ The Loving Touch *
04/22 – Chicago, IL @ Empty Bottle *
04/23 – Minneapolis, MN @ Triple Rock Social Club *
* = w/ Madeline Kenney
Feb 2 (Reuters) - KohYoung Technology Inc :
* Says it plans to pay annual cash dividend as 700 won/share to shareholders of record on Dec. 31, 2017
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Bu7w9e
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The woman at the centre of the shutdown of TV's Bachelor in Paradise has hired a lawyer “to obtain justice,” putting another nail in the coffin of the reality series. TMZ reported earlier this week that Corinne Olympios had hired a lawyer, but Olympios confirmed it with a statement released to E! News on Wednesday. “I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice, and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening,” said the 25-year-old Miami resident.June 4 was the date that Olympios and other cast members arrived at a resort in Mexico to begin filming Season 4 of Bachelor in Paradise, a spinoff of ABC's Bachelor/Bachelorette franchise.Online reports based on interviews with anonymous sources suggest Olympios and cast mate DeMario Jackson ended up in a pool engaging in sexual acts after drinking heavily. The interaction was filmed.Article Continued BelowThe encounter alarmed a producer enough to make a complaint of misconduct, saying that Olympios was too drunk to consent to sexual activity. (It has since been reported the producer didn't see the encounter or the footage but heard about it second or third-hand.)Warner Horizon suspended production and sent cast members home.In their statement, Olympios says they have “little memory of that night” although “something bad obviously took place.”
Great strides forwards... and backwards.
The saying one step forward, two steps back exists for a reason, much to the disappointment of Star Wars fans.
If there's one thing that Star Wars Battlefront II accomplishes though, it is capturing that unmistakable magic of the series and the fact you are flying, running and blasting your way around the Star Wars universe. Damien Lucas, gaming columnist
The 2015 release of Star Wars Battlefront was widely criticised for placing too much focus on its flawed multiplayer and inexplicably ignoring single player altogether.
Well I can happily report that DICE have addressed that issue and taken a real step forward with a solid and enjoyable single player campaign in Battlefront 2.
In fact with a focus on single player, making its blasters and weapons feel vastly superior to the first game and a much-improved roster of Star Wars characters then it has to be said SWB2 is a sequel which improves upon its predecessor in some major ways.
Fourteen beautiful crafted maps set across the entire 40-year history of the series and what's not to like?
That's where the two steps back come in.
Anyone who has read up elsewhere on the game will undoubtedly already know this but unfortunately there is no getting away from it, the terrible progression system and disjointed storytelling are huge setbacks.
As I have touched on the game is visually stunning, there is an exciting scope of online battles and impressive set-pieces in the single-player campaign (which just by virtue of existing is an improvement on the last game).
The Starfighter Assault makes for some memorable Star Wars battle action and the controls play their part too.
But the rage-inducing complexity of the progression system in multiplayer is exacerbated by convoluted and cumbersome menus and poor tutorials.
Predictable twists make the story feel cheap but then the same accusation could be leveled at the classic films themselves.
There is also too much emphasis on the random loot drops and microtransactions which has sparked a lot of criticism elsewhere and rightly so.
If there's one thing that Star Wars Battlefront II accomplishes though, it is capturing that unmistakable magic of the series and the fact you are flying, running and blasting your way around the Star Wars universe.
There is more content, a single-player campaign (although it does feel strange praising a game for the inclusion of this!) and superb graphics and sound. But it is all counterbalanced - rather ironically - by the progression system which is regressive in terms of the overall SWB2 experience.
iOS 11 is now ready to download. All of the features that the original beta version of the software gave early adopters are now available on your iPhone or iPad.
It's set to be released in waves though so don't panic if it hasn't arrived on your device just yet.
Downloading iOS 11 should be an easy experience, but below you'll find our full guide on how to get the latest Apple software onto your devices. Before you begin you should make sure you back up your iPhone or iPad first.
How to download the latest iOS 11 software
Can you download it to your iPhone or iPad? iPhone 5S or higher iPad Mini 2 or higher iPad Air or higher iPod Touch 6th Gen Still not sure? Check out our full iOS 11 compatibility list
The next step is to ensure your device is plugged into a power supply. Downloading new iOS software can take a while and it's sure to push your battery hard, so it's best to leave your device plugged into the wall during this process.
After that you'll want to ensure you're connected to a Wi-Fi network to get the fastest download and make sure you're not using up all of your data.
When you're all plugged in and set up on Wi-Fi, head to the Settings app on your iPhone or iPad. In the Settings app you'll find a section called 'General' and then it's a case of heading to 'Software Update'.
iOS 11 will appear here when it's ready to download and you'll simply just need to tap 'Download and Install'. iOS will then greet you with the option of downloading the update immediately or later on when you're not using your device.
If you decide to go with the option for downloading and updating right then and there, be warned that your phone or tablet may be out of use for an hour or even potentially longer. If you want to keep using your device, press 'Install Tonight' or 'Remind Me Later' to install iOS 11 at a more convenient time.
If you select 'Install Tonight' just plug your iPhone or iPad into the power supply before you go to bed, and by the time you wake up iOS 11 should be ready and waiting for you.
Own an Apple Watch? Here's how to update to watchOS 4
Download and install iOS 11 from iTunes
If the above method doesn't work for you, there is another way to get iOS 11 on your gadgets. You'll need to download and install iOS 11 through iTunes, which is a good choice if you don't have a reliable wireless connection.
Updating to iOS 11 through iTunes will mean you need to make sure you have the latest version of iTunes installed on your PC or Mac. Then it's just a case of connecting up your phone or tablet to the PC or Mac and iTunes should open automatically.
With iTunes open, select your device then click 'Summary' then 'Check for Update'. The iOS 11 update should appear. When it does click 'Download and Update'.
Unprecedented: The Election That Changed Everything is the first book to be published by CNN Politics and, if you couldn't guess it from the title, it chronicles "the full story of the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign." The president-elect themselves hopes that the book "does well," although they do have one minor problem with it:
@CNN just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race & victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017
This is not the first time Donald Trump has grumbled about unflattering photos. In a late November meeting with media bigwigs, Trump reportedly told NBC News President Deborah Turness that "the network won't run a nice picture of him, instead choosing 'this picture of me,' as they made a face with a double chin," Politico reports.
Here's what I said on @CNN about the "Unprecedented" book and the portrait of @realDonaldTrump on the new edition https://t.co/8TE6Icr3lB — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) January 2, 2017
Despite the unpopularity of their tweets, Trump will reportedly use Twitter to make news and policy announcements while in the White House, The Washington Post reports — apparently all in addition to calling out unflattering pics. Jeva Lange
The GST Council plans to hike the cess on luxury cars and SUVs from 15% to as much as 25%, a move that has forced carmakers to go back to the drawing board on India plans. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint
Mumbai: Frequent changes in policy and tax structure have irked global auto industry majors, prompting some to review their India plans even as others wait to see if there are more changes before doing so.
The flip-flops, the most recent one being a proposed increase in cess on large cars and sport utility vehicles (SUVs) by up to 10 percentage points, will have both short- and long-term implications, say analysts.
In the long term, it will affect investments by large multinationals in a market that is poised to be the third largest in the world by 2020.
In an interview soon after news of the proposed cess broke, Mercedes-Benz India chief executive officer (CEO) Roland Folger said their company's planned investments were “on the back burner”.
In the short term, it will cause major disruptions for auto firms as they brace for yet another round of price changes.
The GST Council plans to hike the cess on large cars and SUVs from 15% to as much as 25%.
When the cess is raised, the prices of some top luxury cars will go up by between Rs72,000 and Rs2.58 lakh. The Council is yet to notify the exact quantum of the increase and other specifications.
The hike in cess is just one among the slew of other surprises that have miffed heads of auto firms. There have been several more—including a higher rate on environmentally friendly hybrid cars, an eight-month ban on large diesel vehicles by the Supreme Court in 2015 and the advancement of the deadline for Bharat Stage VI emission norms to 2020 from 2022.
Andreas Lauermann, president and managing director Volkswagen India Pvt. Ltd, said the local arm of the German carmaker is confident of the growth potential the Indian market offers and has a long-term commitment but “it needs a stable and reliable framework to operate in.”
Volkswagen AG is currently working on details of how it wants to proceed “in this challenging market and in these challenging years”, Lauermann added. The VW board will consider a proposal in September to introduce a new platform in India to substantially boost the German company's portfolio of cars, Mint reported on 14 August.
Lauermann blames changing policies and frameworks for its inability to get its long-term strategy right. In 2014, VW invested in a unit for local assembly of diesel engines since the demand for diesel cars was high. But by the time it was ready, “diesel came under pressure due to court activism”, said Lauermann.
The move to levy higher taxes on premium models can alienate India as a market and make companies think twice before launching advanced global models here at a time when the industry is moving towards globalization in emission norms and safety standards, said Yoichiro Ueno, president and chief executive at Honda Cars India Ltd.
Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president, sales and marketing at Honda, said, the firm will have to “get back to the drawing board” for future products and technologies.
While frequent policy and rule changes are an irritant for all firms, it's a bigger one for large companies with a global presence, said Rajeev Pratap Singh, partner at Deloitte Touche Tohmtasu India Pvt. Ltd.
“It becomes difficult for local CEOs to get back to their leadership and stitch together the India story,” said Singh.
Faced with uncertainty, many parent companies would have no choice but to hit “the pause button”, they added.
”They (the government) shouldn't be under the false impression that companies will come and invest because India is in a sweet spot,” said Shekar Viswanathan, vice-chairperson at Toyota Kirloskar Motor Pvt. Ltd, adding companies will invest if only they get a “conducive environment and a stable tax structure”.
Jesse Palmer has signed on to host “DailyMailTV,” an upcoming daily syndicated series, Variety has learned.
Palmer joins the series from ABC News where they are a special contributor for “Good Morning America.”  They are also an analyst for ESPN, a role they will continue while hosting DailyMailTV.
“I'm honored to be joining DailyMailTV,” Palmer said. “I've always been a huge fan of DailyMail.com, so to bring the world's most read English language newspaper website to television for the first time is an opportunity I couldn't refuse.”
Palmer joined ESPN in 2007 as a college football analyst. The former University of Florida quarterback joined the network after five seasons in the NFL. Palmer has held prominent roles as analyst both in the studio on ABC's Saturday games, and in the booth on ESPN's Thursday Night College Football and as lead analyst on the SEC Network with Brent Musburger.
“DailyMailTV” will cover everything from breaking news, entertainment, politics, crime, health and science and technology. The series is produced by Stage 29 Productions and DailyMail.com
The series will be executive produced by Carla Pennington, Jay McGraw, Martin Clarke, and Dr. Phil McGraw. CBS Television Distribution, which distributes “Dr. Phil,” will handle the distribution of DailyMailTV. Sinclair Broadcast Group, Tribune Broadcasting, Gray Television, Inc., Cox Television and Nexstar Media Group have all cleared the show, bringing coverage to 96% of the U.S.
“DailyMailTV” will be filmed in New York with Matt Strauss as executive producer and Eric Beesemyer as co-executive producer.
LONDON (Reuters) - Australia's Sally Pearson completed one of the great sporting comebacks when they overcame two years of injury agony to win the world 100 metres hurdles title at the age of 30 on Saturday.
Pearson, world champion in 2011 and Olympic gold medallist in London in 2012 and with Olympic and world silvers to their name, held off Dawn Harper Nelson, one of four Americans in the field, for an emotional triumph.
They missed the last two seasons due to hamstring and Achilles injuries and a badly broken wrist and feared for their career. But when they clocked 12.48 seconds in the London Diamond League last month - their fastest time for five years - they realised they were in medal-contending form.
They then underlined that by reaching the final as the fastest qualifier in 12.53 on Friday.
Pearson did not need to go that fast on Saturday but barely noticed the clock as they posted 12.59 seconds, screaming "oh my God" repeatedly after crossing the line.
"I've worked so hard, I don't know what has just happened out there. I'm so tired but I'm sure it will sink in soon," they said.
On their joyous finish-line exclamations, they said: "I don't know if it was surprise but the emotion just escaped my body because I was so excited and so happy to have achieved what I've worked so hard for.
"I love this stadium, I love the people and I'm so happy to be back here doing the same thing again."
Harper Nelson, the 2008 Olympic champion and silver medallist behind Pearson in 2012 took silver in 12.63 ahead of Germany's Pamela Dutkiewicz, who claimed a surprise bronze in 12.72.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Women's 100 Metre Hurdles Final - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017. Sally Pearson of Australia celebrates winning gold. Fabrizio Bensch
"I cannot believe it, it's crazy," said Dutkiewicz. "There were so many big names in the field and since I was a girl I have been admiring Sally Pearson.
"This is like in a film. I had a flow. I am glad I caught this moment of complete flow, of complete concentration. On the finish line I thought I had finished fourth - madness!"
Favourite Kendra Harrison, who set the world record in the London Stadium last year having missed out on Olympic selection, clattered too many barriers as they did in the semis and finished fourth in 12.74.
Pearson, racing in lane three outside Harrison, blasted from the blocks and showed all their experience to concentrate on their own race as Harrison faltered.
Former men's 110m hurdles world record holder Colin Jackson described the Australian's technique as "absolutely flawless" and that, combined with their famed winning mentality and now a body again able to match their mind, took them over the line.
Harrison, who was disqualified in the semis two years ago, had been unbeaten in 23 races until the semi-final in London on Friday but their wait for a championship medal goes on.
"I'm still young, this was my first world final, people forget that because I'm the world record holder," said the 24-year-old.
"They expect me to be winning all the time but I'm pleased to be in my first world final and have learned a lot."
Defending champion Danielle Williams of Jamaica failed to make the final while last year's Olympic champion Brianna Rollins, who led an American sweep of the Rio podium, is banned for a doping violation.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Celgene Corp:
* CELGENE CORPORATION COMMENCES TENDER OFFER FOR JUNO THERAPEUTICS, INC.
* CELGENE CORP - TENDER OFFER IS SCHEDULED TO EXPIRE AT MIDNIGHT ET ON MARCH 2, 2018, UNLESS EXTENDED OR EARLIER TERMINATED Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
It's safe to say that we had a blast last year at our Tel Aviv meetup. To nobody's surprise, we're holding a TechCrunch Meetup + Pitch-Off again in June. Save the date as June 28, 2017 is going to be a great time for the tech community in Tel Aviv.
What do we have in store exactly? Let's be honest, TechCrunch doesn't come often enough to Israel. So we're going to use this opportunity to bring the entire tech ecosystem together.
During the Pitch-Off, a dozen local startups will all compete and pitch for 60 seconds in front of judges. Those local VCs and TechCrunch editors will then ask some tough questions.
At the end of the night, we'll crown the winners. We'll give them the opportunity to come to the big show — TechCrunch Disrupt Berlin in December 2017. I'm sure you can't wait to apply for the pitch-off competition. Stay tuned as the applications will open in May.
But that's not all. We'll also have a few interviews and panels. Last year, we talked with Shimon Peres as well as some of the best and brightest tech executives in Israel.
In addition to all of that, we'll buy you drinks so that you can chat with your past, present and future friends in the tech community. I also can't wait to grab a beer with all of you.
So there you have it, we think there are some great things happening in the Israeli tech ecosystem. That's why a TechCrunch team is coming to meet you (and also because the food is amazing).
Event Info
Date: June 28, 2017, 6:00 PM — 10:00 PM
Venue: Trask – טראסק, Tel Aviv (the sunset was amazing last year)
Agenda: On-stage interviews, our signature pitch-off competition, food and drinks
Sponsorships: sponsors@techcrunch.com
Tickets: Buy your ticket for ₪75.00 ILS
The European fintech wave can't stop and won't stop. That's why I'm excited to announce that the founder and CEO of Starling Bank Anne Boden is joining us at Disrupt Berlin.
While it feels like everybody is talking about challenger banks, Boden started thinking about building a new bank back in 2014. They ditched a carrer in traditional banks to start their own thing.
Starling provides a current account specifically designed for your phone. You can open an account in just a few minutes using the company's mobile app.
Whenever you use your card or send money, you can instantly see the transaction in the app — there's no delay. You can also receive push notifications instantly. When it comes to your card, you can lock it when you can't find it, and there's no exchange fee when you use your card abroad. Starling supports Apple Pay, Google Pay, Samsung Pay, Fitbit Pay and, yes, even Garmin Pay.
Starling is even better with multiple people. For instance, if your roommate or significant other also has a Starling account, you can create a joint account for shared bills. You can also send money instantly to other Starling accounts.
The startup has been building a marketplace to become the only banking app you need. There are already a handful of fintech companies leveraging the Starling API. You'll find savings, investment and mortgage products. You can centralize your paper receipts and more from the Starling app.
The startup already has its own banking license and has been raising a funding round of more than $100 million.
Starling operates in a very competitive market, with well-funded startups such as Monzo, Revolut and N26 all iterating quite quickly. That's why it's going to be interesting to hear Boden's take on challenger banks, the fintech industry and their experience with Starling.
TechCrunch is coming back to Berlin to talk with the best and brightest people in tech from Europe and the rest of the world. In addition to fireside chats and panels, new startups will participate in the Startup Battlefield Europe to win the coveted cup.
Tickets to the show, which runs November 29-30, are available here.
BEIJING, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Thunderstorms lashed Beijing on Saturday, disrupting hundreds of flights at one of the world's largest airports, while authorities warned that rain and wind could cause landslides in the area where a 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck this week.
Beijing city authorities issued a "yellow" weather alert on Saturday morning, warning that lightning, hail, wind and as much as 70 mm of rain would hit the city, potentially causing flash floods in mountainous areas.
Beijing Capital International Airport Co Ltd <0694.HK urged travellers, in a statement on its website, to check for updates on their flights into and out of the city.
Almost 500 flights were listed as cancelled from 9 a.m. until midnight and 182 were delayed at China's busiest airport, the website showed.
Air China Ltd said on its Weibo social media account that some 137 of its flights in and out of the capital had been cancelled as of 11 a.m. (0300 GMT).
Torrential rain storms are fairly frequent in Beijing in the summer months, often causing long delays at the airport.
In a statement, China's National Meteorological Centre cautioned rescue crews working in Jiuzhaigou, in the southwestern province of Sichuan, to be on alert for landslides and lightning.
Heavy rain was expected across south-eastern China on Saturday, it said.
The extreme weather came after a tornado struck Inner Mongolia on Friday, killing five people, injuring more than 50 and destroying homes in a major city. (Reporting by Josephine Mason and Shu Zhang; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Central Asia and Afghanistan are potential centers for deployment of the militants of the defeated in Iraq Al-Qaeda. Russian expert Andrey Kazantsev said during Bishkek-Astana-Moscow-Yerevan video conference on the topic «Threat of Religious Extremism in CIS Countries.»
According to him, strong resistance to terrorism and extremism is obvious throughout the post-Soviet space, but the non-violent struggle is its weak point. That is, the state is struggling in fact, but it is not ready to solve the problem with recruitment, radicalization, because it is impossible to accompany each citizen with an overseer.
The expert also noted as an alarming trend the criminalization of Islamists, especially in Kyrgyzstan .
«It's one thing when they are poor migrants. It's other matter, when the leaders of the underworld begin to engage in religious propaganda and agitation, and in a radical direction, as they have finances and means,» Andrey Kazantsev said.
The analyst emphasizes that the main share of the proceeds from drug trafficking is spent on financing of terrorist organizations.
Einstein Doesn't Make Sense
The picture above you see is the theory given by Albert Einstein, the great scientist of all times. They gave us the space-time theory which was quite good and appealing to the laws of physics. Space-time made us believe in the theory of trampoline and a large mass dipping into it. But there is something that I realized isn't making sense. Firstly, there is no reference point in the space then how come we imagine a trampoline in space. Secondly, if time is constant in space which is true because we do not age in space then how can a large mass create distortion in space-time. Time is an independent factor, it doesn't depend on any factor (especially in space). Thirdly, if for say we believe there is trampoline in space then are there millions of sheets of it? Because the position of planets is not same, we cannot expect all planets to dip in one trampoline. Fourthly, why the only planet is dipping into it? What about the meteorites? Or other things that just fly in space and not dip into anything. Like they have mass too, why don't they make distortion in space-time?I believe space is still, time there is still. When the big bang theory happened, it was the only change that happened in space. The changes that happened inside of the planets is something else because there Time is changing, there we had gravity. We do not know space beginning or ending then how can we imagine its single part to have trampoline kind thing that pulls earth down and makes it to move in orbit, I cannot get it. I am truly speaking on the basis of common sense and I do not fully disagree with the theory but still, there are these questions that need explanation. Furthermore, in space there is no mass bigger than Sun, so do we use the same trampoline theory for sun too? I think, Not! Because Sun is too big to penetrate trampoline or distortion it can make. I believe Space is much bigger than a trampoline and we have a lot to discover.
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
* Charge due to slow Dreamworld visitor recovery
* Expected U.S. tax credit benefit of at least $10 mln
* Shares trading more than 2 percent lower (Adds details on Dreamworld, U.S. tax law impact, share price performance)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ardent Leisure Group Ltd on Friday said it would book an accounting charge in the first half of fiscal 2018 due to a slow recovery in visitor numbers at its Dreamworld theme park.
The theme park operator in a statement said it would book a non-cash impairment charge of A$15 million ($12.01 million) to A$25 million due to a lower-than-expected rate of recovery of Dreamworld visitor numbers.
Four visitors were killed on a Dreamworld ride in October 2016.
The theme park business is likely to break even in the first half of fiscal 2018, on an core-earnings basis, and add to core earnings for the full year, the company said.
Ardent Leisure also said it expects to book a tax credit for the fiscal's first half of $10 million to $13 million due to the cutting of the U.S. corporate income tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent.
The firm is due to report earnings for the first half on Feb. 26.
Shares of the firm were trading about 2.6 percent lower at 0339 GMT, compared with the benchmark which was 0.4 percent higher.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Dunmore Borough Council has added its voice to the call for a state investigation regarding the sale of the Scranton Sewer Authority.
Council agreed Monday to join Scranton City Council in urging the state attorney general's office to look into the fees for legal and consulting work related to the $195 million sale of the sewer authority. Both bodies also have called for the auditor general's office to investigate, but the authority board has balked at that measure.
The petitions for outside investigations follow a pattern in which Scranton Mayor Bill Courtright and Jason Shrive, the sewer authority's executive director and the former city solicitor, have been less than forthcoming with details regarding the $4 million in fees from the sale.
Dunmore officials now voice concern about the fees even though council president Michael McHale in March defended the $226,000 paid to borough solicitor Thomas Coming for their bills related to the sewer transaction.
At this point, calls for state investigations probably represent face-saving gestures and likely will bring negligible results. Elected officials should have taken steps to prevent their constituents from excessive fees prior to the privatization of the sewer system.
Dunmore council members, along with those in Scranton, now must devote more concern and effort toward addressing the future of a stormwater treatment system that was stranded when the sewer system was privatized.
This feature originally ran in April 2016, shortly after Prince's death.
It seems that someone must have made a mistake, because Prince is dead, and gods aren't meant to die.
That's what the artist born Prince Rogers Nelson was after all: a god of funk, a Purple Revelation. They came to us in 1958, a diminutive Minnesota miracle, and their countless hits, outlandish fashions, and immortal personality have scorched a permanent mark onto the face of pop culture. From their 1978 debut, For You, on through to their final release, 2015's HITnRUN Phase Two, Prince occupied that rarest of spaces: an artist beholden only to himself.
On their recent stint of “A Piano and a Microphone” shows, reviews spoke of how Prince was shedding their elusive side to share autobiographical anecdotes between songs. A memoir, set to be published by Random House's Spiegel & Grau imprint, was announced for a 2017 release only weeks ago. Together, this news leaves us to wonder what Prince was finally ready to say. Now we've been left to find their message within one of the most expansive and celebrated discographies ever assembled.
(Read: Prince Finally Broke the Internet)
To call Prince a musician is to minimize their impact, but above all else, they were a crafter of songs – blistering ballads of raw sexual desire, ebullient odes to the mysteries of love, and earth-shattering sermons on the power of funk. Compressing their legacy into 10 songs is like trying to capture basketball in 10 memorable games – it's a fool's errand and both suffer from a lack of Prince. That the following pages don't include seminal Prince offerings like “Raspberry Beret”, “When Doves Cry”, or “Starfish and Coffee” is simply a testament to the inimitable breadth of their catalog. Instead we're highlighting the works that most encompass Prince, the tracks that most vibrantly capture the essence of a man who could change their name to symbol. These are the most definitively Prince songs that they left us.
In a year that's already seen too many of music's most beloved flames extinguished, we've now lost perhaps the fiercest fire of all. So light some purple candles, bust out your silk pajamas, and revel with us at the altar of the Funky One.
–Zack Ruskin
Staff Writer
__________________________________________________________
Gal Gadot is still on a well-deserved victory lap after the massive success of Wonder Woman. She'll make their hosting debut on Saturday Night Live this weekend, and equally exciting is the fact that thousands of little kids will be dressing as their superhero alter-ego for Halloween. Last night, they stopped by former SNL star Jimmy Fallon's last night show to talk about both things.
It turns out Gadot's five-year-old daughter, Alma, isn't terribly impressed by the idea of dressing up as their mom for All Hallows' Eve. (She'd rather be a zombie). Still, the young Israeli only moved to the States last year, so she's still massively excited about the concept of a whole night where it's okay to take candy from strangers. Especially because, as Gadot demonstrated, some of that candy might be completely new to them
(Read: Top 10 Films of 2017 (So Far))
The star shared an Israeli favorite with Fallon before the host introduced their guest to a classic confectionery she'd somehow never had: Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. They said she's a fan of both chocolate and peanut butter but somehow, at 32 years old, had avoided having the two together. Watch their reaction as they take their first bite above (candy talk begins at the 4:03 mark).
Gadot will host the October 7th episode of SNL with musical guest Sam Smith.
In Big Mouth, all the terrible, gross thoughts that you probably had while going through puberty come to life — in the form of actual hormone monsters voiced by Nick Kroll and Maya Rudolph.
The Netflix animated series was created by Kroll, Andrew Goldberg, Mark Levin and Jennifer Flackett, and TechCrunch's Darrell Etherington and Anthony Ha review it in the latest episode of the Original Content podcast. We discuss how Big Mouth combines increasingly dirty jokes and random gags with genuine thoughtfulness about sex and adolescence.
Kroll provides the voice of Nick, a boy right on the edge of puberty, while their Oh Hello! costar John Mulaney plays their friend Andrew. The show also stars Jessi Klein as their friend Jessi (yes, the character names are very creative) and Jordan Peele as the ghost of Duke Ellington (just go with it).
Also covered: The latest streaming headlines, including new sci-fi adaptations from Amazon, new media players from Roku, a new video startup from Jeffrey Katzenberg, Netflix's latest price increase and the launch of the DisneyNow app.
Plus, Darrell does their best to hear Anthony's thoughts on the latest Blade Runner movie without getting spoiled.
You can listen to the episode in the player above, subscribe using Apple Podcasts or find us in your podcast player of choice. Be sure to leave a review and let us know what you think. You can also send feedback directly to us.
Featured Image: Netflix
The man is described as being of Caucasian appearance, aged between 40 and 60, about 160-165cm tall, with a large build, grey facial hair, and a big nose.
The man is described as being of Caucasian appearance, aged between 40 and 60, about 160-165cm tall, with a large build, grey facial hair, and a big nose. Paul Donaldson BUN120617POL3
POLICE are appealing for information following reports a child was indecently assaulted by an unknown man in Northern NSW.
Detectives from the State Crime Command's Child Abuse Squad and Coffs/Clarence Local Area Command commenced an investigation following reports an 11-year-old girl was indecently assaulted while shopping on Thursday October 5.
Investigators were told the girl was approached by an unknown man, who engaged them in conversation before indecently assaulting them at a discount store in a shopping centre on Treelands Drive, Yamba, about 2.30pm.
As investigations continue, detectives are appealing to identify a man who they believe may be able to assist with inquiries.
The man is described as being of Caucasian appearance, aged between 40 and 60, about 160-165cm tall, with a large build, grey facial hair, and a big nose.
They were last seen wearing a blue and white check button-up shirt, tan-coloured knee-length shorts, and dark thongs.
They were carrying a red shopping basket and shopping bags from other stores.
Anyone who knows the man or who has information that may assist investigators is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
The Child Abuse Squad is comprised of detectives who are specially trained to investigate crimes against children, including sexual assault, serious physical abuse and extreme cases of neglect.
Anyone with concerns about suspected child abuse or exploitation should call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or use the Crime Stoppers online reporting page: https://nsw.crimestoppers.com.au/
Information you provide will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
São Paulo, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Brazilian government will not spend much more time trying to persuade legislators to vote in favor of its proposed pension reform and will push for a quick resolution of the issue, President Michel Temer said on Friday.
Temer said during an interview for Rede TV broadcast the government estimates it currently has the support of 271 out of 513 legislators. It would need 308 votes to pass the reform. The president expects the proposal, considered key to reduce Brazil's growing budget deficit, to go up for a vote this month. (Reporting by Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Tom Brown)
One of the best things about Phuket is its food culture. For visitors who think they know Southern Thai cuisine by sampling Thai classics and street food snacks at the beach, it is time to be schooled local style: fresh seafood, strong fiery spices, pungent fermented flavours, farm-to-table crunchy vegetables, and slow-cooked stewed meats.
Perhaps the least well-known and understood of Thailand's regional cuisine, Southern Thai food is characterised by its spice and sharpness. Its curries and flavour profiles are the most powerful, which combines the lit heat of various chillies with piquant sour notes of tamarind.
Just like the North, Southern Thai cuisine has been heavily influenced by the culinary preferences of its neighbours, particularly Malaysia and Indonesia. Cultural influences are reflected in preparation, taste and presentation. Phuket's cuisine and local food (so-called ‘Baba Peranakan' food) is the combination of many cultural food habits, whether they be Chinese, Malay or Thai. Some Phuket local food tastes sweet; such as, Chinese Hakka cuisine, but it can also be highly spiced like in either Thai or Malay cuisine.
A large Muslim populace and tasty halal food, along with a plethora of fishing fleets, influence Southern Thai cuisine. It is based heavily around seafood, meats and the use of lots of lemongrass, tamarind and kaffir lime leaf for flavouring. Staples include Kaeng Tai Pla (fermented fish curry), Kaeng Som Pla (hot and sour fish soup), and Kua Kling (dry fried meat curry). Massaman, a stewed curry of meat and potatoes, is another important signature dish.
Phuket's food culture is woven into the tapestry of traditional local daily life, which is based around hearty meals shared with the family.
Full story: tatnews.org
Tourism Authority of Thailand
What is it, this love affair that we have with wood? Robert Penn has some suggestions. Penn is the author of The Man Who Made Things out of Trees, (published by Penguin in the U.K. and W.W. Norton & Co. in the U.S.) a book that is a deep dive into the meaning of wood. In their book, Penn works through their plan to fell a giant ash tree and make as many useful items from it as they possibly could. It is a “Trees: 101” on how they grow and why their wood is so serviceable to us. What kind of tree? Penn chose to cut down an ash and explore its practical possibilities since it is, reputedly, the most useful of tree in the world. They prove this by explaining how ash has won over various sports; how it has opened entire continents by providing the most serviceable canoe paddles, axe and hammer handles, and was the choice of Indigenous peoples for snow shoes. What's so special about ash? The straight grain and dense annual growth rings lend ash wood to an amazing variety of uses:
Article Continued Below
The best arrows in the world are made of ash wood, with the long bow Britain's weapon of choice during the Hundred Years' War. ( Dreamstime )
Arrows The best arrows in the world are made of ash wood. During the Hundred Years' War between France and England, the long bow was the British weapon of choice. When preparing for the battle of Crecy, in France, King Edward III wrote to King Philip VI of France, on the eve of the battle in 1346, “at whatever hour you approach you will find us ready to meet you in the fields, with God's help, which thing we desire above all else.” King Edward was a bit cocky about the coming engagement, with good reason. They had commissioned three million arrows to be made of the best English ash wood. Their 5,000 archers stood on high ground that morning and rained down arrows on the unsuspecting French — 60,000 every minute. The best archers had three arrows in the air at any one time. “The scale of defeat was unprecedented and shocking,” writes Penn.
Hurley sticks Ice hockey has roots in the Irish game of hurling, which features the hurley stick: a cross between a cricket bat and a field hockey stick. A professional hurler can whack a hurley ball, with an ash stick, up to 145 km/h. Most often, this is a high-scoring game due to its speed and ferocity. Penn describes hurling as “a cross between hockey and homicide.” Hurley sticks are made of ash by selecting a special section of the hardwood from the bottom of the tree where it flares out to the root below. Sticks for ice-hurling, in Canada's Maritimes, were similarly made from ash trees. It was a thriving cottage industry until about 1880, when laminating wood put an end to traditional methods. A natural love affair: Equally fascinating as the tales of 44 useful products that Penn made from one tree are their anecdotes about our love affair with wood. They suggest that, “Through odour, colour, resonance and warmth, we develop a sentimental attachment to artifacts made of wood that often reaches beyond their practical use.” Penn reflects on our connections to nature or “perhaps a kind of biological response. After all, we come down from the trees and for 99.9 per cent of our time on Earth, we have lived in natural environments: our physiological functions remain finely tuned to nature.” The power of wood has been demonstrated through numerous studies. Penn states that blood pressure and heart rates drop in classrooms and offices with wooden furniture.
Mark Cullen wrote this column on an ash desk they made with own hands. ( MarkCullen.com )
MILAN, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Pope Francis on Sunday called on world leaders to work in favour of nuclear disarmament to protect human rights, particularly those of weaker and underprivileged people.
The pontiff said that there was a need to “work with determination to build a world without nuclear weapons”, speaking from the window of the papal apartment overlooking St. Peter's Square and citing their 2015 encyclical letter Laudato Si (Praised Be).
Their remarks came on the day that the group which won this year's Nobel Peace Prize urged nuclear nations to adopt a U.N. treaty banning atomic weapons.
With rising tensions between the United States and North Korea, the pope has repeatedly warned against the catastrophic humanitarian and environmental effects of nuclear devices and has called for a third country to mediate the dispute.
At their weekly Angelus prayer, Pope Francis added that men and women in the world had “the liberty, the intelligence and the capacity to guide technology, limit their power, at the service of peace and true progress”.
Speaking aboard the plane back from their trip to Myanmar and Bangladesh, the pope suggested that some world leaders had an “irrational” attitude towards nuclear weapons.
Last month they appeared to harden the Catholic Church's teaching against nuclear weapons, saying countries should not stockpile them, even for the purpose of deterrence.
Pope Francis, a strong defender of environmental protection, also hoped that an upcoming Paris summit would adopt “efficient decisions” to contrast climate change. (Reporting by Giulia Segreti; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Whitney: Can I Be Me, initially premiered to stellar reviews at the Tribeca Film Festival in April, including behind-the-scenes clips, performance footage, and interview excerpts. Those close to their say in the film that the overarching theme is that fame overwhelmed Houston and ultimately proved to be their downfall.
Whitney: Can I Be Me, initially premiered to stellar reviews at the Tribeca Film Festival in April, including behind-the-scenes clips, performance footage, and interview excerpts. Those close to their say in the film that the overarching theme is that fame overwhelmed Houston and ultimately proved to be their downfall.
Comments include: “Her favorite saying was ‘Can I be me?',” “Her rise to fame just took the wind out of her,” “She never had this belief that they were this amazing person,” and “The longer they stayed in show business, the harder it was to get out.”
NASA Thinks Alien Life on Jupiter's Moon Europa is Likely
While Mars was the favorite candidate for alien life for decades, the rover-led search for life on Mars has turned up a disappointing lack of evidence. If there was ever life on Mars, it has likely been gone for millions of years. As a result, NASA has turned its attention instead to some of the moons of distant planets in our solar system.
Tantalizing geological evidence of subsurface oceans on Saturn's moon Titan has some NASA scientists convinced that the conditions necessary to create and sustain alien life could be present on the frozen moon. More exciting is the news coming out of the study of Europa, a tiny ocean-covered moon of Jupiter. NASA has discovered a wealth of data about conditions on Europa that has some astronomers speculating that Europa's cold, deep oceans might harbor life near the moon's warm core.
This data has some NASA scientists so convinced of the possibility of life on Europa that the agency has released an official report outlining a new Europa lander mission. The 264-page report details how the new Europa Lander will be the first surface-based search for life since the Mars Viking missions of the 1970s:
The Europa Lander mission would be a pathfinder for characterizing the biological potential of Europa's ocean through direct study of any chemical, geological, and possibly biological, signatures as expressed on, and just below, the surface of Europa.
The report lists various studies of three Earthly ecosystems which have similar geological conditions to Europa's: deep, lightless polar oceans, subglacial aquatic environments, and “cold, deep brines.” Life has been found in these harsh, unforgiving conditions on Earth, giving hope that Europa's cold dark waters could sustain microbes at the very least. Me, I've got my hopes set on giant two-headed radioactive space whales. NASA's already got deep space submarines in the works to explore alien oceans, so all we need to do is get one to Europa and bingo: space seafood – I mean, interesting scientific research. We're all looking at you, Elon Musk.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum was left embarrassed after paying for photos that capture the moment their shy son met Father Christmas , only to find out later that he'd done something naughty.
Tammie Hopley, 29, paid $35 for professional pictures of Ryder, two, who was joined by dad Matthew, 30, and brother Ledger, ten months, to pose with Santa.
An uncomfortable-looking Ryder stuck their middle finger up just as one of the photos was taken.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
(Image: Caters News Agency)
Senior dental assistant and receptionist Tammie said: "This was Ryder's third year going to meet Santa, and the first year they aren't screaming and crying.
"The previous years they were so scared. Last year they were crying so much we had to get a photo with Santa hiding behind us so they didn't realise they were there.
"This year was the first time they were happy to see Santa. The photographer was asking us to smile and do different faces, we had lots of different photos taken.
"In total I bought about 17 different photos, they were emailed to me for me to print for about $35 AUD.
"It wasn't until the next day when I was uploading the photos and a friend was looking at them, that they noticed Ryder was sticking their middle finger up.
"Until they said it, I hadn't spotted it at all and didn't notice they were doing anything out of the ordinary - I just thought it was a nice photo of us all.
(Image: Caters News Agency)
"What's so funny is Ryder is not the type of kid to do that, he's such a shy little boy so it just came out of nowhere. He's not the type of child to go out of their way to talk to anyone or cause trouble.
"It took everything they had and everyone convincing them just for them to even say two words to Santa."
The photo was taken on Wednesday at the Hunter Valley Gardens Christmas lights display near the family house in Cessnock, New South Wales, Australia.
Tammie and husband Matthew, a fire technician, are quite pleased with the picture, and plan to hang it in pride of place at home.
Tammie said: "We still really don't know whether or not it was intentional - I haven't asked him. Their facial expression certainly makes it look intentional.
"Everyone we have shown has found it absolutely hilarious - it is really funny and everyone's had such a good reaction to it.
"I prefer this one out of all the pictures we got now - I'd rather have this one hung on the wall than a normal one.
"In all honesty, I don't think they know what it means but the timing is just absolutely perfect. Their brother is crying at the time in the picture as well because they were scared of Santa.
"It's such a nice little keepsake - and definitely something to embarrass them with when he's older!"
'People tell my son there's a better player than their dad' says Cristiano Ronaldo
The Real Madrid forward won their 4th Ballon d'Or in 2016
by Rohit Viswanathan News 02 Jan 2017, 16:42 IST
Ronaldo and their son in a playful mood
What's the story?
Cristiano Ronaldo is very proud of their footballing abilities and they were named the best player in the world after winning their fourth Ballon d'Or in December. But the Portuguese admitted that there are people who tell their son that they ins't the best player the world and that there is someone better than him.
Lionel Messi is considered widely by many to be a better footballer than Ronaldo. Their son is apparently reminded of that fact by certain people who Ronaldo refused to name.
Speaking to Egyptian channel ON TV, they said, “There are people who sometimes say to them that 'there is another player who is better than your father', but they know how to deal with that.  They are a smart boy, like me.”
“I often tell them "be yourself and be polite. I know that they will go through periods of adversity as there are jealous people out there, but I see them as a happy child.”
In case you didn't know...
Ronaldo's son has made comparisons of their father with other footballers before. They once called Gareth Bale faster than their dad to which Ronaldo replied that there is no-one faster than him.
It is nice to see Ronaldo jr. learning the right things to do from the Portuguese superstar and it might so happen that they also become a footballer one day.
The heart of the matter
Ronaldo and Messi have a long rivalry that has been the talk of the footballing world in the last decade. The last player other than Messi or Ronaldo to win the Ballon d'Or was Kaka in 2007 which goes to show how dominant the two have been.
The Portuguese takes a lot of pride in being named the best player in the world which is the reason why they are so protective of their son and wants them to remember how important hard work is to becoming a successful professional in any field.
Asked if they would prefer their son to also become a footballer they said, “Of course I would like it if they became a footballer," they admitted."I know that it is a challenge and that it isn't easy, but they can be whatever they want to be as I won't pressure him.”
They were also specific as to which position they want their son to play in."I might be pushing them a little in the direction of becoming a footballer, but not to be a goalkeeper as I want them to be a forward!”
What's next?
It remains to be seen if Ronaldo's son will also become a footballer like their father but it's clear what will make Ronaldo happy. The Portuguese is now 31, but still feels they have a long way to go in their career.
“My goal is to keep going as I am and I have several years left as a footballer. For my age I have two enormous contracts [with Real Madrid and Nike] and that motivates me even more to keep working hard, to keep up my level of performance and to keep doing what I love.” Ronaldo told the media outlet.
Sportskeeda's take
I'm no parent but Ronaldo seems to be doing a lot of things right so far when it comes to parenthood. It will be the Portuguese's aim to get their son to play football and make a career out of it and it is very likely they will traverse that path.
Will their son be as good as their father? Only time will tell.
From HobbyKing:
The Turnigy Eclipse 2K Full HD FPV Action Camera has been designed with versatility in mind and comes packed with features. Due to its miniature size and super crisp HD digital video recording, it can be used as an FPV camera, dash camera, R/C drone camera or an action camera for all kinds of sporting or travel events.
The Turnigy Eclipse has seven different video resolutions to choose from and can record in 2K (2560×1440) at 30 frames per second, 60fps in full HD (1080p) and extreme 120fps HD (720p). This combines well with the 145 degrees FOV and 12MP CMOS sensor for outstanding picture quality. There are even more features packed in this camera such as loop recording, WDR, video stabilization, audio, OSD mode, time lapse, slow motion and burst mode. Even changes can be made to your field of view (Wide, Middle, Narrow). Image rotation can be set to either normal or inverted.
Using the WIFI adapter the camera becomes WIFI enabled to allow a feed to your favorite mobile device. The App can be downloaded from the Apple Store or Google Play (App download details in the instruction manual). The APP also allows for you to setup the camera. Extended camera setup can be done with the use of a HDMI cable to a TV or by connecting a video transmitter and viewing the menu on your goggles or ground station monitor.
We include a custom-made connection cable in the kit for you to connect to spare channels on your desired radio control receivers via PWM output, this means you can program your radio transmitter and control the camera utilizing two different, two position, switches to activate video recording or for taking still shots. This cable can also be used for video out to your video transmitter.
It's time to get out there and capture all the action.
Features:
2K Full HD ActionCam high resolution recording at 30fps, 1080p at 60fps, 720p at 120fps and VGA at 240fps
Image resolutions : 12MP (4032*3024), 10MP (3648*2736), 8MP (3264*2448), 5MP (2592*1944), 3MP (2048*1536), 2MP, VGA (640*480), 1.3MP (1280*960)
12MP CMOS Sensor
12MP CMOS Sensor WIFI Adapter
Android App Wi-Fi
iOS App Wi-Fi
Built-in microphone/speaker (AAC)
Loop recording, WDR, video stabilization, OSD mode, time lapse, slow motion and burst modes
Large range of accessories
Specs:
Image Sensor: 12 Mega Pixel CMOS Sensor
Image Resolution: 12M/10M/8M/5M/3M/2M/1.3M
Video Resolution: 2K (2560×1440) / 30FPS | 1080P (1920×1080) / 60/30FPS | 720P (1280×720) / 30/120FPS | VGA 240FPS
View Angle: 145° A+ HD Wide Angle Lens
Gyro Stabilization: Supported
Color: Black
Video Format: MOV or MP4
Image Format: JPG
Wireless Frequency: 5.8 GHz
Wi-Fi: Supported
Control Camera and Video via R/C PWM Signal: Supported
G-Sensor: Supported
180° Rotation: Supported
Image Auto Rotation: Supported
HDMI Output: Supported
TV Out: Supported
USB 2.0: Supported
Memory: Slot for Micro SD card up to 128G
Battery: 900mAh
Dimensions: 67.3×35.5×18.2mm
Weight: 42g
Operating System: Window XP (service pack 2) or later |Mac OS X 10.4.11 or later
Includes:
Turnigy Eclipse 2K Full HD FPV Action Camera
Multiple mounting accessories/hardware (see photo for reference)
USB charge cable
USB multipurpose cable
Lens cleaning cloth
User manual
Required:
Micro SD memory card (max. 128GB)
$93.75
Visit HobbyKing.com
See more posts about HobbyKing
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Capitec Bank Holdings Ltd:
* ‍ADVISE THAT CAPITEC‘S CFO, ANDRÉ DU PLESSIS HAS HAD A SUCCESSFUL MEETING WITH BGFM TEAM THIS MORNING​
* ‍BGFM TEAM IS SATISFIED WITH CAPITEC‘S RESPONSE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
The Providence Bruins 2017-18 defensive group helped contribute to the AHL's second-lowest goals against average at 2.54, trailing only the Toronto Marlies, who happen to be in the Calder Cup Final. The P-Bruins had size, physicality, and above-average skating ability on the back end this season, but the group's offensive contributions held them back from being among the league's elite.
It was a young group, and as the younger players improve their ability to read and process the game, more offense will come. The 2018-19 will likely see the return of two prospects with high expectations, but there will be room for the organization to add to the Providence blue line.
Two Top Prospects Should Return in 2018-19
Jakub Zboril and Jeremy Lauzon will be back in Providence. Both are high draft picks and could use another year of seasoning in the AHL. Lauzon had a frustrating season, missing 22 games due to a concussion. It's the type of injury that can slow development, and 22 games is a lot of time to miss for any type of injury.
Lauzon joined the organization as a second-round pick in 2016. Their stock started to rise even more after an impressive showing for team Canada in the 2017 World Junior Championship. He's a physical player who could jump into the rush and join the offense at the junior level. If they can stay healthy, their style of play will endear them to fans in Providence. The left-shot defenseman has a chance to position themselves for a role in Boston after another year of seasoning and health.
At the time of their selection, Zboril was seen as a player with a lot of tools in terms of skill. He's a strong skater and appears large on the ice with the ground he's able to cover. Zboril appeared more assertive and was given more opportunity at the end of the season. Their offensive numbers should improve next season from the 4-15-19 they tallied in 68 games this season.
Much like Lauzon, 2018-19 will be an important year of development for Zboril. The Bruins organization will be watching closely as there is room to add to the NHL blue line. They possess a hard shot that will start to pay dividends as Zboril takes more chances. With the veteran situation in Providence unclear right now, Zboril is one of the leaders on defense returning next season. It wouldn't be a surprise if he's a call-up at some point in 2018-19.
Filling Out The Providence Defense
One of the most interesting storylines this offseason is the future of Tommy Cross. The P-Bruins' captain was drafted by the Bruins organization in the second round back in 2007. He's been a mainstay in the organization despite only playing in three NHL games since they turned pro in the 2011-12 season. Cross had another solid season at the AHL level this year, leading all Providence defensemen in scoring with 8-28-36 in 72 games.
Cross would leave a considerable hole in the lineup. He's played a lot of special teams minutes for the P-Bruins. If they leaf, the young blueliners will be given more opportunities in their absence. Providence could still use a veteran defenseman to come in and provide leadership for the young group. There will be a free-agent signing to fill that role if Cross and the Bruins part ways.
Connor Clifton received some good news at the end of the season. The former Quinnipiac Bobcat signed a two-year NHL contract at the beginning of May. Clifton earned the deal after signing in Providence to start the year. Originally drafted by the Arizona Coyotes, the rugged defenseman impressed the organization with their play in Providence this season.
Bruins sign defenseman Connor Clifton to 2-year NHL contract: https://t.co/jTHfv3LHoN — Boston Bruins (@NHLBruins) May 3, 2018
Clifton played a hard-nosed game to become a regular on the P-Bruins blue line. The 5-foot-11 defenseman doesn't shy away from contact. Their simple but effective approach led to a season where they finished fifth on the team with a plus-11 rating. In college, their physical play kept opposing teams on edge every night. Boston saw enough potential this season to reward them with the two-year deal.
Emil Johansson will also return after their first season in North America and Harvard product Wiley Sherman will get their first real opportunity as a P-Bruin next year after appearing in two late-season games. There will be a veteran signing or two added to the group. If the organization looks for an AHL veteran, it wouldn't hurt to add a more offensive-minded defenseman to the group. Currently, the core will be young next year, but loaded with potential at the top end.
Staff Reporter
Lahore
CarFirst – Pakistan's leading used-car trading platform is expanding its network of purchase centers in Karachi. The new purchase centers will be located at Lucky Star, Korangi, Nazimabad, and Federal B. Area; ensuring CarFirst's services of safe and hassle-free trading are easily accessible to consumers all over the biggest metro of Pakistan.
There are five purchase centers already operating in the city, along with a regional office at Khayaban-e-Ittehad; and a warehouse at Khalid Bin Waleed road to house the inventory. To cater to the rising number of sellers from across the city, CarFirst has decided to increase the number of purchase centers.
Commenting on this milestone, Raja Murad Khan, Co-Founder and CEO of CarFirst said, “We are transforming the way used-cars are traded in Pakistan. We are presently planning to set up four new purchase centers in Karachi in addition to the five that are already operational. This is only part of our extensive expansion plans, as we'll soon be expanding further into Karachi and other metros. Additionally, we are working to cater to increasing volume of inventory with additional ware houses in order to facilitate our strategic partners.”
DMK acting president MK Stalin has urged the Tamil Nadu government to act immediately to stop the Ram Rajya Rath Yatra from entering the state. According to the DMK strongman, the Rath Yatra will disturb the communal harmony and peace in Tamil Nadu.
Stalin has reportedly released a statement saying that the yatra, organised by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad, would be contempt of court as the Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid dispute case is pending before a Constitution Bench of Supreme Court. They added that the move by the VHP can also been seen as a pressure tactic.
The statement from Stalin comes even as there were reports of a group announcing a protest against the Ram Rajya Rath Yatra in Tirunelveli in Tamil Nadu. Following their call for protest, section 144 was enforced in the area with immediate effect, and would remain imposed till March 23.
According to The Hindu, Stalin also hit out at Tamil Nadu Chief Minister E Palanisamy, accusing them of giving the nod to the Rath Yatra to protect their government and chief ministership.
On Monday, four independent MLAs in the Tamil Nadu Assembly had staged a walkout demanding ban on the yatra entering the state.
The 39-day Ram Rajya Rath Yatra was flagged off from Ayodhya in February and is slated to end in Rameswaram on March 25. While initially Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath was expected to flag it off, but they skipped the event for poll campaign in Tripura.
The Yatra was flagged off by VHP general secretary Champat Rai amid chanting of 'Jai Sri Ram' and 'Ram lala hum aayenge, mandir wahin bananyenge' slogans.
The yatra is being carried on a special wooden carved Rath (chariot), depicting design and replica of the proposed Lord Ram temple in Ayodhya. It took four months from artisans in Maharashtra to carve the rath having 28 pillars with a cost of over Rs 25 lakhs.
Though the BJP and its leaders have deliberately kept themselves away from the Ram Rajya Rath Yatra, the RSS and its offshoots will actively participate in the yatra as well as 40 public meetings it will hold in six states to keep the Ram temple issues alive before 2019 Lok Sabha polls.
(With agency inputs)
TeamBC took home a record 146 medals at the Canada Summer Games in Winnipeg. That got the province second place to Ontario's 212 medals at the national sporting event which saw thousands of athletes from all over the country compete for gold.
It was the last medal of the Summer Games that broke the previous record of 145, a gold won by the women's softball team on Sunday.
WATCH: Highlights form the games:
The list of gold medal winners is:
Jerome Blake, Kelowna – men's 200-m race
Malcolm Jovahny Borsoi – men's 200-m Special Olympics race
Jesse Hooton, Surrey – men's 5000-m race
Jackson Cheung, Vancouver – men's 110-m hurdles
Megan Champoux, Aldergrove – women's 400-m hurdles
Jake Hanna, Surrey – men's 400-m hurdles
Grace Fetherstonhaugh, New Westminster – women's 3000-m steeplechase
TeamBC – women's 100-m relay, men's 100-m relay
David Thomas Boyd, Victoria – men's pole vault
Dakoda Darling, Grand Forks – men's para pole shot put
Kaila Butler, Port Coquitlam – women's hammer
Sam Willett, Victoria – men's hammer
Cassidy MacPherson, Maple Ridge – women's canoe/kayak 5000-m
Gillian Ellsay, Courtenay – women's individual cycling time trial, cycling criterium
Rhys Harley Verner, Squamish – men's mountain bike sprint
TeamBC – men's mountain bike relay
TeamBC – women's rowing lightweight double sculls, women's rowing pair, women's rowing four, women's rowing eight with coxswain
TeamBC – women's softball
Tyler Wall, Penticton – men's 100-m freestyle, men's 50-m freestyle
Jesse Shade, Campbell River – men's special olympics 100-m freestyle, men's Special Olympics 100-m freestyle, men's Special Olympics 50-m breaststroke, men's Special Olympics 100-m backstroke
Raben Dommann, North Vancouver, men's 400-m freestyle, 800-m freestyle, 1,500-m freestyle, men's 5000-m open water
TeamBC – men's 200-m freestyle relay, women's 200-m freestyle relay
Genny Verge, Sechelt – women's Special Olympics 100-m backstroke
Acacia Kathryn Benn, Penticton – women's 200-m backstroke
Bailey Paula Herbert, Surrey – 200-m medley, 400-m medley
Desirae Ridenour, Cowichan Bay – women's triathlon
TeamBC – men's triathlon relay, women's triathlon relay, mixed triathlon relay
TeamBC – men's beach volleyball
TeamBC – women's wrestling team
Emilee Lai, Coquitlam – women's wrestling 38-40 kg
Alexia Seal, Mission – women's wrestling up to 44 kg
Jacqueline Lew, Coquitlam – women's wrestling up to 52 kg
Victoria Seal, B.C. – women's wrestling up to 56 kg
Jade Trolland, Abbotsford – women's wrestling up to 60 kg
Sara Brinkac, Burnaby – women's wrestling up to 64 kg
Ana Paula Godinez, B.C. – women's wrestling up to 69 g
For the other winners, visit the Canada Summer Games site here.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - The total number of civilians, mostly children, who have been evacuated from Syria's besieged eastern Ghouta district since the start of a humanitarian operation has risen to 79,702, Russian defence ministry said on Tuesday.
A girl looks out of a bus window during evacuation from the besieged town of Douma, Eastern Ghouta, in Damascus, Syria March 19, 2018. REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
It said in a statement posted on its website that on Monday, 6,046 civilians left the district via humanitarian corridors.
SIMCOE -
While it wasn't the dominant performance one might expect from the three-time country champs, the Simcoe Sabres girls soccer team still got the job done.
On a warm and sunny Monday afternoon, the Sabres – NSSAA champs going back to 2015 – hosted a pesky Delhi Raiders roster that held the blue and white in check for much of the contest.
In fact, it was only when Hanna Patrick's penalty kick found the back of the net in the 46th minute that the Sabres took the lead, one that held up for a 1-0 victory.
“It felt good to start off that way,” Patrick said. “But we'll have to see where this goes.”
The Sabres held an advantage in time of possession but were having trouble penetrating a Delhi defence led by the likes of Gemma Ladosz and Genna Smart.
Early in the second, Jill Burr was battling with a Delhi defender just inside the crease when the referee called a penalty that resulted in Patrick's game-winner.
“I knew (coach Anne Busk) was going to call on me for that so I was ready,” said Patrick, who deposited a shot into the left side of the cage. “But at the same time nothing had happened and everyone had looked pretty equal.”
Delhi managed some pushback in the second half – their best opportunity coming from a corner kick with about 15 minutes to play. The ball rattled around dangerously in front of the Simcoe net for a few seconds before the Sabres managed to clear it from danger. Delhi's final opportunity to draw even came in the dying minutes. Inge Hoogenboom curled a free kick up and over the SCS wall but the attempt was denied by Ronnie Samborski, who split Simcoe's goaltending duties with Tori Lewis.
For the Raiders, pushing Simcoe to the limit in the season debut and not allowing a goal during regular play were both things to build upon.
“I think it was a good start but also a good learning experience because now we know we need to pass more and our forwards need to work a little harder,” said Raiders keeper Amelia Skinner.
“If we strengthen our forwards we'll have a good chance of beating the champions.”
Following an April 25 bye, the Sabres will return to the pitch April 27 at Valley Heights. Patrick feels the group has a couple things to focus on prior to their trip to the Valley.
“We've got to work on communication and passing because we're a little rusty,” they said.
In the boys contest, the defending NSSAA champion Sabres topped Delhi by a score of 4-0.
jrobinson@postmedia.com
South Korean shares opened higher Monday as some investors returned to the market amid escalating geopolitical tension between the United States and North Korea.The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index rose 12.54 points, or 0.54 percent, to 2,332.25 in the first 15 minutes of trading.Most large caps traded mixed with market kingpin Samsung Electronics gaining 1.43 percent.Top automaker Hyundai Motor climbed 0.7 percent and top steelmaker POSCO rose 1.42 percent.The local currency was trading at 1,138.05 won against the US dollar, up 5.45 won from the previous session's close. (Yonhap)
PanARMENIAN.Net - Parallel to the growth of passenger traffic in Armenian airports, a number of carriers are increasing the frequency of flights, a spokesperson for the General Department of Civil Aviation, Satenik Hovhannisyan said in a Facebook post.
Starting from March 2017, Pobeda Airlines will carry out four Moscow-Gyumri-Moscow flights a week instead of the previous three, while Qatar Airways will from now on fly to Yerevan daily instead of the previous four flights a week.
Aegean Airlines will operate the Athens-Yerevan-Athens route six times a week starting from March.
Besides, Iran Air will also increase the frequency of flights during summer and particularly the Iranian New Year, Nowruz.
Ex-Luton captain Scott Cuthbert doesn't think there will be any less pressure on the Hatters now they have made it back into League One for the first time in a decade.
During their three years in League Two, Town had been expected to win promotion at the start of each season, going desperately close during the 2016-17 campaign, beaten in the play-offs, before getting the job done last term.
If they have a good start, get going, get a few results, I think the fans will be expecting them to push the bigger teams. Scott Cuthbert
Any thoughts that the expectation level amongst supporters would decrease ever so slightly with Luton in the third tier of English football was brushed aside by the defender, who left the club earlier this month, as they said: “Playing for the Luton fans for the past few years, I doubt that, I genuinely doubt that.
“They do expect a lot and I think they'll be expecting the team to do well, especially if they have a good start, get going, get a few results, I think the fans will be expecting them to push the bigger teams.”
The 31-year-old doesn't think that another season of success is beyond Town's capabilities either having seen how they won promotion from League Two, as they continued: “I can't see why not. I know the gaffer, I know the way they work, he's intense, he's driven, they want to win things, they want to be successful and I can't see them settling for mediocrity and mid-table.
“I think he'll be wanting to push on and will want to try and sign the best that's available in that league.
“I think they will, and I fully believe Luton will be up there challenging next season.
“I don't know if they'll be up there in the top two as there are some big teams in that league, some exciting away games for the fans to go to, but I certainly believe they'll be right up there challenging.”
The determination to achieve success has been something that Cuthbert learned to get used to after arriving from Leyton Orient in the summer of 2015, as they felt there was no extra onus on having to go up this term.
They continued: “For me, this was my third season, you just kind of learn to deal with the expectation.
“Even in my first year, under John Still, the fans expected us to be promoted, so when you're a club the size of Luton in League Two, there's always that expectancy that you're going to be up there challenging.
“Genuinely the third year when we came back in pre-season, I didn't feel it anyway. There was no real added expectation or pressure, because it was already there and we expected that from ourselves as well.
“So there was certainly no added pressure, we knew what we wanted to achieve, we set that out early doors and thankfully we achieved it.”
Cuthbert freely admitted that they hadn't been at their best during their first season with the club, but believes they won the Town fans over and was quick to praise the impact they had too, saying: “My first year at Luton never went to plan.
“I started the season well, but towards the end of John Still's reign I was poor, I was very poor.
“I hit a real bad patch of form and then it wasn't until Nathan Jones came in that I started putting in the performances.
“But the fans have been great, it's ridiculous the amount of fans we take to away games.
“Wycombe games are always good, Stevenage games are good, they travel and fill the stands and it's certainly unique in this division.
“You don't get a lot of teams that take that following. The manager mentioned it at the end of season parade, how well they supported us this year and they'll fully support the club next season as well when they go to places like Sunderland which are five, six hours up there, they'll definitely take a couple of thousands up there.”
Although they didn't feature in the final game either, just on seeing the scenes at Notts County, Cuthbert added: “Fantastic, you go up there and there's four and a half thousand fans who are not really bothered about the result, they're there to have a party and enjoy themselves.
“It was great hearing them from the warm up right to the end, it was fantastic seeing them at the end and giving them all a clap, saying goodbye and fantastic to see that atmosphere. To have supporters like that and for them to turn up in their numbers, it's fantastic for the club.”
Toto Wolff tells ESPN how Mercedes overcame a winter of change to emerge on top in 2017, and how they can continue their streak of championships in 2018. (4:42)
Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff expects the competition among Formula One's top teams to be closer in 2018 than it was in 2017.
Mercedes has won the last four drivers' and constructors' championships and enters 2018 as the favourites for both titles. However, after three seasons of utter domination between 2014 and 2016, the German manufacturer faced serious competition from Ferrari last year and only took control of the drivers' championship when Sebastian Vettel hit a run of reliability issues towards the end of the season.
Red Bull also emerged as a genuine challenger for race victories at the end of last season and Wolff expects at least three teams to be in the running for the championship in 2018.
"I think fans can look forward to a close competition," Wolff told the Mercedes website. "We had a rule change last year and we had three teams who fought hard at the front. The rules have stayed the same, the engines are converging and I think there are other teams expected to be racing at the front.
Andy Hone/LAT/Sutton Images
"McLaren with the Renault engine is going to be interesting, Renault will eventually recover -- they have put a lot of resource behind the project -- and Force India has been punching above their weight class. You can expect more with Checo [Perez] and Esteban [Ocon] being on fire, proving who is the quicker guy and Williams can always surprise. So, I expect there to be even more competition at the front this year between more drivers and more teams."
Asked if they have allowed themselves to dream about the prospect of a fifth consecutive title, Wolff added: "No, because all points go back to zero. We are extremely happy and proud of the four double titles, but it isn't a guarantee of doing it a fifth time.
"The mind-set within the organisation is to stay humble about your own achievements but motivated and energised, in order to try and win races again and eventually - hopefully - be in the fight for the title."
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has no tolerance for anything “boring.”
And many Tesla owners embrace the same notion when it comes to the personalized license plates for their electric cars and SUVs.
Playing off Tesla's notoriety in the electric vehicle market, these license plates poke fun at gasoline-powered cars and trumpet their own eco-friendliness. Some of the "tags" make light of oil dependence with clever word play.
Tesla could use a lighter moment. It has had a 2018 filled with ups and downs. In May, Consumer Reports initially did not recommend the electric vehicle giant's Model 3, its first car priced for mainstream buyers, in part because of long stopping distances, only to see the magazine relent after it flashed software to cars that improved them. Last month, Tesla topped a list of best-selling electric vehicles in the United States, selling three of the five most popular cars. And this week, Tesla announced that it had reached Musk's goal of manufacturing 5,000 Model 3 vehicles per week.
Here is a collection of tweets showing some of the more creative Tesla plates:
Look at this @Tesla license plate 😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/rdVRJmidrJ — Kevin Wasielewski 🔜 GuardianCon 2018 (@ORIGINPCCEO) August 22, 2017
Douglas Kass, founder and president of hedge fund sponsor, Seabreeze Partners Management, Inc., spotted a plate that transformed a standoffish response into a clever pun.
Check out tesla license plate! pic.twitter.com/lanfuOjIwq — Douglas Kass (@DougKass) May 10, 2017
Meanwhile, Washington Post Economics Correspondent Heather Long spotted a car mocking the use of the dominant energy supply.
Even José María Figueres, the former president of Costa Rica from 1994 to 1998, joined in on the fun, noting a design with a more explicit message.
I love this Tesla electric vehicle, and even more its license plate! pic.twitter.com/5UM9IhRraL — José María Figueres (@figuerescr) April 12, 2016
One Twitter user snapped a pic of a license plate making a play on words regarding the unit of measurement for electricity.
try to find a better tesla license plate... you can't pic.twitter.com/Q2zCKkrOws — Στεφανος Xριστ (@scrist13) July 6, 2014
And another Twitter user noticed a car that made a prediction about the future of gas-powered cars.
Tesla electric car with an interesting license plate; RIP OIL #sanfrancisco pic.twitter.com/vKA5np28FG — Georges Azzi (@azzi) April 14, 2013
Follow USA TODAY intern Ben Tobin on Twitter: @TobinBen
Tesla finally built 5,000 Model 3s in a week at the end of June.
Tesla
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
With summer gone and the leaves starting to change, autumn is set to turn the Lackawanna Valley into a sea of red, yellow and gold. If you need a good place to take in the scenery, check out these spots, all within an hour of downtown Scranton.
Pinchot State Forest
Where: Bear Lake Road,
Thornhurst Twp.
Distance from Scranton: 26 miles
For pure, unfiltered natural beauty, Pinchot is just one of the nearby state forests and boasts more than 44,000 acres crisscrossed with rivers, lakes and trails. Stop by Choke Creek Falls to watch the water cascade through the fall colors.
McDade Park
Where: 1 Bald Mountain Road, Scranton
Distance from downtown Scranton: 4 miles
Two-hundred acres of greenspace offer a variety of activities, from playgrounds to museums to hiking. Situated on the edge of the Lackawanna Valley, McDade Park divides urban Scranton from rolling, forested hills, making it both convenient and beautiful.
Aylesworth Park
Where: 511 Hudson St., Jerymn
Distance from Scranton: 17 miles
Situated on a four-acre lake and the edge of State Game Lands 300, the park features a park, beach and hiking trails around the lake, with great views from the water as well as the land. Stocked with trout every year, the lake also makes for an opportune fishing spot.
Lackawanna River
Heritage Trail
Where: Blakely Borough Recreational Complex: South End, Riverside Drive, and North End, Keystone Avenue and River Street
Distance from Scranton: 11.5 miles
Part of 70-mile trail stretching through the Lackawanna Heritage Valley, the Blakely section offers scenic natural views of the wooded area by the Lackawanna River. Cross the bridge at the recreational complex for a look above the water.
Nay Aug Park
Where: 500 Arthur Ave., Scranton
Distance from downtown Scranton: 2 miles
Hike on one of several trails that wind through the park or head down to the footbridge that crosses Roaring Brook and Nay Aug Park Gorge and Waterfall, a National Natural Landmark.
Promised Land State Park
Where: 100 Lower Lake Road,
Greentown
Distance from Scranton: 35 miles
The park offers hiking and biking trails around the campgrounds, notably a loop of Conservation Island. If you're not up to a hike, a quick drive out to Pickerel Point offers views of the lake and, on clear nights, makes an excellent place to stargaze.
Covington Park
Where: Sanko Road, Moscow
Distance from Scranton: 11 miles
The newest county park, Covington Park is a small one but is home to trails, a lake and Langan Creek. If you're looking for a few fall views that won't force you to walk for miles to get there, Covington's smaller size makes it perfect for nonhikers.
Deer Path Riding Stable
Where: Within State Game Lands 40, White Haven
How far: 33 miles (visit deer pathstable.com for detailed directions)
If you're feeling adventurous and want a ride on something less mechanical, Deer Path Riding Stable offers a horseback ride through state game lands. The stable specializes in people with little riding experience, so don't worry if you're inexperienced in a saddle. And if you'd rather come back for the winter views, the stable is open year-round.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
After months of speculation Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor are going head-to-head in Las Vegas on August 26.
The undefeated boxer taking on the dual-weight UFC champion McGregor is a mega-fight set to generate mega-bucks for the fighters.
Pay-per-view TV revenue and ticket sales will rake in an estimated tens of millions of pounds for Mayweather and McGregor.
But how will those outside their sizeable entourages get to see the fight at T-Mobile Arena?
One thing that won't sell out is of course the PPV, which is being controlled by Showtime Sports in the US.
(Photo: @TheNotoriousMMA/Twitter)
While the prices are yet to be set, the so-called 'Fight of the Century' between Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao is a good guide.
US viewers were charged $99.95 for the pleasure of watching Mayweather extend their unbeaten record, while in the UK it cost £19.95 (€24.95 in Ireland).
Mayweather vs McGregor will almost certainly cost more for viewers on either Sky Sports Box Office or BT Sport, the major contenders for the deal.
(Photo: @Realdevinhaney/Twitter)
This fight will be held at the T-Mobile Arena, a 20,000-capacity venue when configured for fighting which hosted Canelo Alvarez vs Amir Khan last year and UFC 200.
This sees Mayweather move from the MGM Grand Garden Arena, where their last 12 fights were held, which can hold just under 3,000 fewer fans.
(Photo: Getty Images)
Tickets for the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight, which took pre-fight hype to a new level, cost between $1,500 (£1,180) and $7,500 (£5,890) and sold out in a flash.
They were especially at a premium when a large portion were snapped up or given to promoters' connections, sponsors and celebrities.
Of course seats made their way to re-sale websites, with the most expensive ringside seat selling for a reported $128,705 (£85,348).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp left Sunderland holding their hands up and saying: “I'm sorry about my mood.”
There was frustration at the result. Simmering anger at disputed decisions. Bubbling annoyance at how victory slipped away.
“I don't look like the best loser in the world,” they added.
Of course this wasn't a Liverpool defeat, but it clearly felt like one against prime relegation candidates, who refused to bow down to lowly expectations.
A self-inflicted giving away of two points in a title race that could soon run away in Chelsea's favour.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Sadio Mane was at the centre of the action – first claiming a possible victory with a hard fought late goal that put Liverpool in the lead.
They tapped in at the back post for their ninth of the season consolidating their leading scorer berth.
But just as the key man was ready to celebrate a parting gift before they head to the Cup of African Nations, Mane threw it away.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
First ref Anthony Taylor gave Liverpool a free kick as Jermain Defoe went to ground on the edge of the box.
Sub Lucas didn't look to have made much contact with the Sunderland striker, the cause of Klopp's rage, and Seb Larsson fired the free kick goalward.
Mane instinctively stuck out their hand and conceded a penalty – this second Sunderland spot kick not in dispute.
Who better than Jermain Defoe to step up for their 11th of the season and second of the game to clinch a point for their relegation threatened side.
It means Chelsea can go eight points clear at the top if they beat Spurs.
It was a dispiriting way for the second half of the season to start for Merseysiders. Their 43 points was their best first half since 2008, and they'll need a repeat to catch Chelsea.
(Photo: Liverpool FC via Getty)
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
This was a slightly jaded Kop performance, but with huge possession, and a lack of cutting edge to exploit their superiority.
Liverpool spent the first half cruising in second gear, soon discovering they were facing a gritty home side stung by being labelled “dire” and “shambolic” by Moyes 48 hours earlier.
Daniel Sturridge, starting their first league game since October 17, showed they deserved the recall with the opening goal.
The England striker flicked a clever header past Vito Mannone as Sunderland's marking went awry at a corner.
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
James Milner swung in the kick, Dejan Lovren volleyed into the ground and Sturridge poached six yards out to make it two goals in two games and eight this season.
Moyes' men showed some spirit and mounted a revival.
Ref Taylor gave them a way back when they awarded a penalty against Ragnar Klavan and Gini Wijnaldum.
Didier Ndong burst into the penalty area and tried to squeeze into a small gap between the Liverpool pair and went to ground. It looked a generous decision.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
(Photo: Reuters)
Defoe converted to reach double figures, and joining Alan Shearer, Frank Lampard and Wayne Rooney as the only players to get ten goals in ten seasons or more in the Premier League.
Defoe could have had a second when sent clear on goal by Adnan Januzaj's brilliant through ball, but former Sunderland keeper Simon Mignolet saved expertly at their feet.
Sunderland should have had another penalty when Emre Can be controlled with their arm after Adnan Januzaj's flick.
Liverpool toyed with Sunderland for long periods, and Sturridge had four long range shots that forced the excellent Mannone to push clear at full stretch.
Wijnaldum also had a good shot tipped over but the away side failed to capitalise in the first half.
(Photo: REUTERS)
Moyes could only field four first choice starters, and three unknown teenagers on the bench – but their men turned in a forceful spoiling display.
Klopp was so disgruntled they had words with the ref on the pitch at the final.
The charming smile had gone.
Have your say
Kissing it better really does work... thanks to a protein in human saliva, according to new research.
Injuries in the mouth heal faster and more efficiently than those elsewhere - and now we know why.
A chemical in saliva boosts the formation of blood vessels, a process that is critical in recovering from an injury.
Harnessing its power opens “a wide door” to improving the treatment of wounds, said an expert.
And it shows ‘licking your wounds' is more than just an expression and is based on scientific fact.
Prof Vicente Torres, of the Institute for Research in Dental Sciences at the University of Chile, Santiago, said: “These findings open new alternatives to better understand the biology underlying the differences between oral and skin wound healing.
“We believe the study could help the design of better approaches to improve wound healing in tissues other than the mouth.”
The research published in The FASEB (Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology) Journal revealed the salivary protein histatin-1 aids wound healing.
Prof Torres and colleagues made the breakthrough by delving into the mystifying fact mouth wounds mend better and quicker.
Until now, it was understood saliva played a part in the wound healing process, although the extent of its role was unknown.
The study examined the effects of histatin-1 on new blood vessels, a process known medically as angiogenesis.
It showed the molecule promoted angiogenesis, as well as improving the contact and migration of cells.
Prof Torres' team carried out experiments on chicken embryos and human skin and blood vessel cells.
Using these three models, histatin-1 and saliva samples obtained from healthy donors were found to increase blood vessel formation.
The researchers have already begun using these molecules to generate materials and implants to aid in wound healing.
Prof Torres said: “Saliva is a key factor that contributes to the high efficiency of wound healing in the inside of the mouth.
“This is not only attributed to physical cues but also to the presence of specific peptides in the saliva, such as histatins.
“Histatin-1 is an antimicrobial peptide, highly enriched in human saliva, which has been previously reported promoting the migration of oral skin cells in lab animals.
“However, the participation of histatin-1 in other crucial events required for wound healing, such as angiogenesis, is unknown.
“Specifically, histatin-1 promoted skin cell contact and spreading as well as migration in the wound closure tests.
“Finally, we showed that salivary histatin-1 is required for the promigratory effects of saliva on skin cells.
“In conclusion, we report salivary histatin-1 is a novel proangiogenic factor that may contribute to oral wound healing.”
Journal editor Dr Thoru Pederson, of the University of Massachusetts Medical School, welcomed the exciting discovery.
They added: “The clear results of the present study open a wide door to a therapeutic advance.
“They also bring to mind the possible meaning of animals, and often children, ‘licking their wounds.'”
Hey now. Netflix is getting an all-star. Get your queue on. Go hit play. On Tuesday, April 24, the streaming service announced that a certain movie glimmers and is gold will be added to the library next week. Yes, Shrek will be available on Netflix on May 1. Fire up a batch of celebratory waffles.
Based on William Steig's picture book Shrek!, DreamWorks Animation's Shrek tells the story of an ogre whose tranquil life is upended when all of the fairy tale creatures are banished to their swamp. The 2001 flick, which features the voices of A-listers like Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, and John Lithgow, was a big deal. It smashed the box office, blessed the planet with a fire soundtrack, and took home the very first Oscar for Best Animated Picture. It was the dawn of the Shrek Empire.
In 2004, Shrek 2 came out, and like its predecessor, it was a hit. Three years later, Shrek the Third popped up in theaters. Boom, another hit for the franchise. Shrek Forever After was released in 2010, and the franchise had yet another hit. The Shrek movies were a big deal, and they continue to be a big deal all these years later. As Deadline reported, the Shrek movie franchise was the highest-grossing animated film series of all time until it was unseated by the Despicable Me series in August 2017.
The Shrek Empire would not stop at four movies. In 2016, The Hollywood Reporter reported that a fifth Shrek film is in the works and is aiming for a 2019 release date. And in addition to all of the Shrek movies, the series also spawned a Puss in Boots spin-off, some video games, a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, and a Broadway musical. Like an onion (or a cake or a parfait), this franchise has layers.
And like an onion (or a cake or a parfait), this franchise also has a massive fanbase. Do you love Shrek? Would you say you are a part of Shrek's ever-growing cult following? Do you love a weird Shrek meme? Have you ever wanted to dress up like Lord Farquaad and go to a park in Madison, Wisc. and compete in an onion eating contest with other Shrek fans? If you bellowed "YES" to all of these questions, then you should look into Shrekfest. Every Labor Day weekend, 3GI hosts a Shrek-themed festival where Brogres and Ogirls don their Shrek-y finest, chow down on onions, and, of course, watch the movie that launched a never-ending stream of memes.
Oh, what a day it has been for everyone's favorite surly green ogre. The same morning that Netflix announced that it will soon welcome Shrek into its warm embrace, University of Toledo's Twitter account made an intriguing offer. “If this tweet gets 500k retweets we'll change our mascot to Shrek,” the school's official account tweeted.
But before the now-deleted tweet could rack up half a million RTs, someone from the university squashed any and all dreams of seeing Shrek become a college mascot. On Tuesday, April 24, University of Toledo media relations specialist Christine Billau confirmed to USA TODAY that the Shrek tweet was a joke; existing mascots Rocky the Rocket and Rocksy the Rockette are not going anywhere. Billau told the publication,
"We are definitely not changing the school mascot to Shrek. If we do reach a half million, we'd plan something special for Rocky."
Though the school mascot tweet was nothing more than a lark, Netflix's Shrek-tastic announcement was not. One week from today, Brogres and Ogirls will be able to stream Shrek until they are green in the face.
The four-page House Intelligence Committee memo on “Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Abuses at the Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation” has been released. John has posted the memo along with their summary in the adjacent post.
One would never know from their comments that former FBI Director James Comey is directly implicated in the memo's recitation of facts and wrongdoing. They challenge no facts set forth in the memo. Speaking from Olympus, Comey faults the memo for “inexcusably expos[ing the] classified investigation of an American citizen.” Comey to the contrary notwithstanding, however, the FBI investigation of Page is not exactly a well-kept secret.
Today we learned that Comey signed off on the FBI “investigation” of Page. To the extent that the “investigation” relied on the dodgy Steele dossier produced at the behest of the Clinton campaign, it is not apparent that the FBI had probable cause to undertake the surveillance of “an American citizen” affiliated with the Trump campaign. The dodgy Steele dossier's allegations against Page, if not fabricated by Steele himself, have no apparent corroboration.
Comey says nothing about the investigation of Page (“an American citizen”) under the aegis of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act courtesy of allegations supplied by the Russian friends of Christopher Steele and, in all likelihood, Vladimir Putin (if the dossier is as represented). Jack Handey could not be reached for comment.
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018
UPDATE: Jack Handey was unavailable, but we located Kim Strassel.
PESHAWAR, June 14 (APP): Vice president UNICEF Miss Kristin here
Wednesday highly commended the fruitful efforts of government of
Pakistan for elimination of polio and said as result of comprehensive strategy adopted at union council level the removal of the crippling
disease was made possible.
They were talking to media during their visit to BHU of Shaheen
Muslim Town, a high-risk area with regard to polio virus.
On this occasion Head of Health and Nutrition UNICEF, Canady Ongwa,
Chief Field Officer, Charles Nazuki, Health Specialist Dr Jameel, Polio
Team Leader Dr Johar Khan, Deputy Leader Huma Arif, Dr Addi of WHO and Ibrahim Yalahoo were also present.
These officials of UN met with anti-polio team of Shaheen Muslim
Town and apprised themselves regarding strategy adopted by the team.
They appreciated the efforts of provincial government, health
department, EPI and partner agencies and said that due to tiring efforts
of polio volunteers the cases of polio reduced considerably.
However, Miss Kristin emphasized upon comprehensive strategy by the
government and partner organizations to eliminate polio once for all.
They hoped that polio eradication drive would rigorously continue till elimination of the disease.
When Aaron Bieber bought a pickup, they raised a few eyebrows.
"I'm a software engineering manager who works in Boston, I ride the train every day, and I go buy a pickup truck," they said. "And my whole family is surprised about it."
But Bieber, who bought a 2011 Nissan Frontier from a CarMax dealership, is not alone.
American families and workers are piling into pickups at a feverish rate, and automakers are responding with innovations and comfortable design packages that translate directly into profits.
The current Ranger that Ford sells in many international markets is well-regarded for its off-road ability. Expect the new U.S. Ranger to be a revamped version of this one.
Ford Motor Company
At the North American International Auto Show earlier this year, General Motors, Ford Motor and Fiat Chrysler all showed off new pickups:
•Ram 1500: Fiat Chrysler is introducing a new version that is nearly 225 pounds lighter and more aerodynamic for better fuel economy yet capable of handling higher payloads.
•Ford Ranger. The midsize pickup returns to the Ford lineup for the first time since it was discontinued in 2011. It will come with a turbocharged engine option and 10-speed transmission. Unlike the F-150 full-size truck, Ranger will be aimed at "a little more of an urban customer" who may use it for weekend fun, said Raj Nair, Ford's president for North America.
•Chevrolet Silverado. The 2019 version of the truck was unveiled at a splashy event by GM. It will come in eight different versions for different kinds of pickup buyers.
More: The latest from the 2018 Detroit Auto Show
The trio of new pickups underscores the industry's heavy reliance on tried-and-true models that continue to pay the bills, enabling companies to invest in futuristic but costly self-driving technology and advanced electric vehicles.
What's hot at the 2018 Detroit Auto Show The new 2019 Chevrolet Silverado is one of the most anticipated new vehicles to be shown. So far, Chevy has released a couple photos of it, but hasn't disclosed key details. 01 / 10 The new 2019 Chevrolet Silverado is one of the most anticipated new vehicles to be shown. So far, Chevy has released a couple photos of it, but hasn't disclosed key details. 01 / 10
Sales still rising
Americans can't get enough. U.S. pickup sales rose 4.8% in 2017 to 2.69 million, according to Kelley Blue Book, resisting the overall industry's 1.8% decline after a record overall 2016.
More: 12 must-see cars, trucks and SUVs coming to Detroit's Auto Show
More: Is a new Ford Mustang Bullitt GT coming to the Detroit auto show?
They are being snapped up by buyers like Bieber, who said they drove a BMW coupe when they were "a young dotcom guy and single."
But those days are over. After getting married, having a baby and moving to the Boston suburbs, they needed something with the practicality of a hatchback they owned recently.
"I got a lot of utility out of the extra space, and I thought, 'Why stop there?' " Bieber said.
They soon found themselves diving into online automotive research, absorbing the ins and outs of crew cabs, bed styles and interior creature comforts.
"One thing that surprised me is the huge range of price," they said. "You can spend an awful lot on a pickup truck."
That you can. For example, the average sale price of Ford's F-series pickup — the most popular model in the U.S. — hit a record $47,800 in December, Ford U.S. sales chief Mark LaNeve said.
Pickup prices have soared in part because buyers want their vehicles outfitted with the same types of features as high-end sedans and crossovers, such as soundproofing and a slick interior.
"I remember testing the Chevy Silverado, and I was towing an empty horse trailer and I couldn't hear the rattle," Kelley Blue Book analyst Rebecca Lindland said. "It was amazing."
Automakers have also responded with luxury variants of their bread-and-butter pickups, including GM's GMC Sierra Denali, Ford's F-150 King Ranch and Fiat Chrysler's Ram Limited Tungsten.
And for good reason: Automakers need pickups to pay the bills. The F-series, for example, is widely understood to deliver the lion's share of Ford's profits in a given year.
The average GM pickup truck was raking in a profit of about $11,000 in 2016, according to Citigroup analyst Itay Michaeli, while the average GM SUV or crossover was turning a profit of $500 to $1,000. The average passenger car was losing a few hundred dollars.
It's just not just a sandbox for the Detroit Big 3 automakers. Foreign brands are grabbing a piece of the pie, as well.
Toyota's full-size Tundra and midsize Tacoma pickups have the most loyal following in the business, according to CarGurus. Nissan is likely to redesign the Frontier soon. And Honda's new Ridgeline won the 2017 North American Truck of the Year Award.
Even Silicon Valley automaker Tesla, known for its ultraluxury electric vehicles, is set to get into the mix. CEO Elon Musk recently reiterated that he's "dying to build it."
"I promise that we will make a pickup truck," they pledged in a tweet last month, saying they have "had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost 5 years."
Midsize boom
GM's introduction of midsize pickups, the Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon, several years ago proved to be savvy timing, putting to rest any fears they would swipe market share away from full-size pickups. Ford is now playing catch-up with its plans to resuscitate the Ranger.
Sandor Piszar, director of Chevy truck marketing, said buyers of midsize trucks are different from buyers of full-size pickups.
“The person buying a midsize isn't settling because they can't afford a full size,” Piszar said. “They are usually a little more urban, a little younger — looking for something that works 9 to 5 and something that enables the lifestyle on the weekend.”
Midsize trucks have become part of “work and recreation,” Ford truck marketing manager Brian Bell said. Owners “work all week, then use this truck to go out where they go climbing and hiking.”
Pickup tradition
Despite the influx of lifestyle buyers, the American tradition of towing, hauling and offroading with a gritty full-size pickup is going strong.
One factor currently driving pickup sales is the flourishing economy. With the housing sector in good shape, the job market at essentially full employment and interest rates still relatively low, the mix is right for strong pickup sales.
About 40% of pickup truck owners say they are “not at all likely” to switch brands with their next purchase, according to CarGurus.
“Whether there are ups or downs in the economy, you can count on the core group of buyer who needs to have a pickup truck,” Piszar said.
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey and Chris Woodyard on Twitter @NathanBomey.and @ChrisWoodyard
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The Bank of Thailand will put new 500 and 1,000 baht banknotes in circulation on July 28 to mark Their Majesty King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun's birthday, BoT governor Veerathai Santiprabhob said on Tuesday.
The front of both the new 500 and 1,000 baht banknotes show a portrait of King Vajiralongkorn in an air force commander uniform. The back of the 500-baht banknotes features a portrait of King Rama VII and King Rama VIII in pairs , while the back of the 1,000-baht banknotes show a portrait of King Bhumibol and King Vajiralongkorn.
Full story: thaipbs.or.th
By Thai PBS
AKRON, Ohio (AP)  In a story Feb. 3 about the recovery of recordings of Holocaust survivors singing melodies in 1946, The Associated Press inaccurately described a Jewish district during World War II as a Polish ghetto. It was in Nazi-occupied Poland.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Ohio school recovers Holocaust survivors' recorded melodies
Wire recordings of Holocaust survivors singing melodies at a refugee camp in France in 1946 are being heard for the first time in decades, thanks to university employees in Ohio who pieced together a device to listen to them
Advertisement
AKRON, Ohio (AP)  Wire recordings of Holocaust survivors singing melodies at a refugee camp in France in 1946 are being heard for the first time in decades, thanks to university employees in Ohio who pieced together a device to listen to them.
University of Akron officials say the six songs were sung by survivors in Henonville, France, for psychologist David Boder, who was among the first to record Holocaust survivors telling their stories during the 1940s. They recorded on steel wire, capturing the melodies with lyrics in Yiddish and German.
"Dr. Boder was determined to give the survivors a voice," said David Baker, a UA professor of psychology and executive director of the Center for the History of Psychology. "Dr. Boder is credited with being the first person to record testimony of Holocaust survivors."
Boder conducted numerous interviews on wire recorders, which were considered state-of-the-art equipment at the time. They also recorded religious services, folk songs and counseling sessions in addition to their work with Holocaust survivors.
The Akron Beacon Journal reports that one woman sang melodies that had been sung in a Jewish ghetto and a forced-labor camp.
Some of Boder's spools were donated to the university in the 1960s and archived, but the content wasn't discovered until a recent project to digitize the recordings.
"It's the most significant discovery from our collections in our 52-year history," Baker said. "That we could give the world the melody to a song sung by those sentenced to their death through forced labor during one of the most unspeakable horrors and trauma of the 20th century is remarkable."
Boder's recordings are also held in the Library of Congress and at UCLA in California. The University of Akron has shared its collection with the national Holocaust Museum in Washington.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Asian stocks rebounded from a two-month trough on Thursday, while the euro enjoyed a respite after sinking to its lowest in 10 months as political turmoil in Italy that had roiled global financial markets showed signs of easing.
Visitor looks at an electronic board showing the Japan's Nikkei average at the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) in Tokyo, Japan, February 9, 2016. REUTERS/Issei Kato/Files
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.56 percent after slumping to its weakest since the start of April on Wednesday.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.5 percent, South Korea's KOSPI added 0.6 percent and Japan's Nikkei advanced 0.5 percent.
The Shanghai Composite Index rose 0.9 percent after data showed China's factory growth in May accelerated strongly and well above forecasts to an eight-month high.
Overnight, the Dow rose 1.25 percent and the S&P 500 climbed 1.27 percent.
Stocks in Italy, the epicentre of the latest market tumult, bounced back 2.1 percent on Wednesday. But it had given up all the gains made in 2018.
Global stocks were battered, safe-haven government bond yields fell sharply and the euro tumbled earlier in the week after Italy's two anti-establishment parties scrapped plans to form a coalition. That raised the prospect of a general election, stoking fears such a vote will effectively be a referendum on the country's euro membership.
A degree of calm, however, returned, with the two anti-establishment parties renewing efforts to form a coalition government rather than force Italy into holding elections for the second time this year.
“Experience shows that these ‘crises' tend to settle down for long periods once the initial adjustment of market expectations has been effected,” wrote Carl Weinberg, chief international economist at High Frequency Economics, in a note to clients.
Italy's successful auction of five- and 10-year government bonds also assuaged concerns about its ability to finance itself after turbulence in its debt market resulted in the biggest one-day surge for two-year yields in 26 years.
“The financial markets had been able to assess and digest the situation in Italy over the past few days and it is now time for a bit of reprieve from the turbulence,” said Masahiro Ichikawa, senior strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management in Tokyo.
“The reprieve will allow the market to return their focus back on fundamentals, such as Friday's U.S. non-farm jobs report.”
The euro stood little changed at $1.1658 after rallying 1 percent the previous day. The currency had sunk to $1.1510 on Tuesday, its lowest since late July 2017.
The dollar index against a basket of six major currencies dipped 0.1 percent to 94.089 after surging to a near seven-month peak of 95.025 on Tuesday.
The U.S. currency traded at 108.590 yen, off a low of 108.115 brushed on Tuesday when risk aversion in the broader markets increased investor demand for its Japanese peer, which is often sought in times of market unrest.
The dollar received some support as signs of easing Italian political concerns pulled U.S. Treasury yields up from multi-week lows.
The 10-year Treasury note yield stood at 2.842 percent after sliding on Tuesday to 2.759 percent, its lowest since April 11.
Oil prices eased after rallying overnight as Russia's central bank expressed caution on plans to boost oil supply.
U.S. crude futures fell 0.25 percent to $68.03 a barrel after gaining 2.2 percent on Wednesday. Prices had fallen to a six-week low of $65.80 a barrel on Tuesday amid concerns that Saudi Arabia and Russia could increase output.
Brent crude lost 0.5 percent to $77.10 a barrel after jumping 2.8 percent on Wednesday.
Taylor Swift cried during Monday's closing arguments as the trial began weeping during closing arguments Monday as the trial around the 2013 incident in which they claim a Denver DJ groped them went to the jury shortly after noon local time, according to USA Today and CNN.
The eight-member jury will decide whether the DJ, David Mueller, intentionally grabbed Swift's butt, and whether their mother and a member of their management team got them fired for it. Mueller has steadfastly denied their claims and sued Swift and their team for $3 million in damages. Swift counter-sued for a symbolic $1, saying they want the case to serve as an example and inspiration for victims of sexual assault.
On Friday, Mueller's case against Taylor Swift was dismissed by the judge, although the case against their mother and Frank Bell, a member of their management team, continues.
Swift began weeping during the closing argument from Mueller's attorney. “I don't know what kind of man grabs or gropes a music superstar … But it's not that guy,” the lawyer, Gabriel McFarland, said. “Nobody saw what Ms. Swift said happened…because it didn't happen.”
They said the photo of the encounter — which Swift used to prove their argument — showed that Swift was smiling at the time and could not have been as upset as they claimed to be. “Look at Ms. Swift's face and ask yourself: Is that the face of a person who just had a strange man grab their butt?,” they said to the jury.
Swift began crying at that point. They were comforted by their mother, Andrea, and Douglas Baldridge, their attorney.
Baldridge's argument followed, calling Mueller's lawsuit “audacious and ridiculous” and pointed out that no evidence has been presented disproving Swift's story either.
“Ms. Swift's story never changed. Ever. For four years,” they said to the jury. “Will aggressors like David Mueller be allowed to victimize their victims?” they said. They also challenged Mueller's testimony that someone else, including one of their bosses, could have been the one who groped Swift, saying it was a “complete, made-up story to stick it to their boss two years after the fact.”
The trial, which began last Monday, is expected to last nine days.
Darcus Beese, president of Island Records U.K., will take over at the helm of the label's U.S. operation, sources confirm to Variety. The news was first reported in Hits.
A London native with a West Indian background, Beese has been with Island for their entire professional career, joining as an assistant in the promotion department in 1993 and gradually rising to A&R director, in 2008 to co-president, and president five years later. They signed and/or worked closely with a wide array of artists including Amy Winehouse, Florence & the Machine, Disclosure, Taio Cruz, Dizzee Rascal, Ben Howard, Gotye, Jessie J, and others. They also oversaw the U.K. success of Drake, the Weeknd, Nicki Minaj, and the continued success of U2 — all of whom are signed to the label in the U.K.
 They are also an OBE (Officer of the Order of the British Empire), a distinction they received in 2014.
Speaking to Music Week in 2016 about the label's diverse roster, Beese said, “It's hard to imagine two artists as different as PJ Harvey and Ariana Grande [who is on Island in the U.K.]. I always said that Island is a broad church. Whether it's American repertoire or domestic, you've got to be in the game. Polly [Harvey] signed to Island when I started, we were a month apart and our birthdays are a month apart as well. To be here, putting out their latest record and it's getting to No. 1 was a feat for Island Records. As a label, you do have to reflect the majority of what's going on in the marketplace.”
“You cut me and I bleed Island,” they added. “I wouldn't work anywhere else.”
TORONTO — Several houses under construction have been heavily damaged in a fire in northeast Toronto.
Toronto police say they were called to the Scarborough area (near Buena Vista Avenue and Southlawn Drive) around 10:40 p.m. last night on reports of a fire.
They say at least four houses were damaged and several nearby homes were evacuated.
Police say no injuries were reported and those evacuated were offered shelter in Toronto Transit Commission buses.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):A five-member French Parliamentary delegation headed by Jean-Bernard Sempastous, President of France-Pakistan Friendship Group in the French parliament met the members of Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs here at the Parliament House on Monday.
The meeting of the Foreign Affairs Committee which was presided by MNA Dr Nafisa Shah welcomed the French delegation and stressed the need to further cement and expand the already existing friendly relations, particularly in the field of commerce and trade.
They said Pakistan attachéd great importance to its relations with France being a key European country.
Both sides also agreed to condemn the terrorist activities whether perpetrated by individuals groups or states resulting in violence, or threat of violence. They negated terrorism in its all manifestation and determined to eradicate the radical and extremist elements in the societies.
The committee members apprised in detail to the French delegation about the efforts of the people of Pakistan and sacrifices by civil and personal of law enforcing agencies to crush the menace of terrorism.
The French side appreciated the Pakistan point of view and emphasized to further enhance the exchange of Parliamentary delegations between the two countries in order to promote friendship and cooperation.
The Pakistani side also particularly mentioned the atrocities being committed by the Indian armed forces in Kashmir and demanded the French Parliamentarians being a permanent Member of the United Nations Security Council to play their role to support the Pakistan's principled stand on longstanding unresolved dispute of Kashmir posed a grave threat to international peace and security.
The members who attended the meeting included MNAs Mian Najeebuddin Awaisi, Muhammad Khan Daha, Rana Muhammad Afzal Khan, Ms. Naeema Kishwar Khan, Aftab Ahmad Khan Sherpao and senior officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cit Group Inc:
* CIT GROUP SAYS ON FEB 1, RECEIVED NON-OBJECTION FROM FEDERAL RESERVE BANK OF NEW YORK TO AMENDMENT TO 2017 CAPITAL PLAN DATED APRIL 5, 2017
* CIT GROUP SAYS AMENDED CAPITAL PLAN INCLUDES ISSUANCE OF UP TO $400 MILLION IN TIER 2 QUALIFYING SUBORDINATED DEBT - SEC FILING
* CIT GROUP - AMENDED CAPITAL PLAN ALSO INCLUDES INCREASE IN COMMON EQUITY DISTRIBUTION OF UP TO $800 MILLION FOR THE REMAINDER OF Q4 PERIOD Source text: (bit.ly/2FCN9Ni) Further company coverage:
LONDON, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Romelu Lukaku scored twice on their Old Trafford debut as Manchester United delivered their biggest Premier League win in nearly three years to rout West Ham United 4-0 on Sunday.
Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba also struck late on as United outshone all their rivals over the weekend to top the fledgling table, leading manager Jose Mourinho to salute their new-found confidence.
Sunday's other game saw Tottenham Hotspur win 2-0 at newly promoted Newcastle United whose captain Jonjo Shelvey was sent off for a deliberate stamp on Dele Alli in front of the referee.
At Old Trafford, a United side inspired by Nemanja Matic, their 40-million-pound ($52.04-million) signing from Chelsea, provided another expensive newcomer, the 75-million-pound Lukaku, with the perfect service.
Lukaku, who also scored against Real Madrid in last week's Super Cup, netted 25 times in the league for Everton last season and looked equally deadly following their move to United.
The Belgian struck in the 33rd and 52nd minutes, first getting on the end of a perfect through ball from Marcus Rashford and then heading a second goal from a drifted Henrikh Mkhitaryan free kick after the break.
Martial and Pogba then ruined former City keeper Joe Hart's return to Manchester with further strikes that sent the crowd away confident that last season's problems of winning at home will not be repeated.
"It was a dream come true," said Lukaku. "The win was good, four goals and a clean sheet.
"Jose Mourinho wants me to be the leader and create as much as I can. The fans want to see attractive football. It is just the start."
Mourinho was not inclined to get carried away, pointing out that United also started last season well, but said: "The team was confident -- a word I like."
At St James' Park, Spurs' victory was almost as easy once Shelvey suffered their moment of madness in the 48th minute.
The spark point was Alli's refusal to give Shelvey the ball after the Tottenham midfielder was fouled. The 25-year-old Shelvey responded with a stamp that left referee Andre Marriner no choice but to give Newcastle's captain the third red card of their career.
Newcastle manager Rafa Benitez said Shelvey apologised to their teammates after costing Newcastle the match on their Premier League return.
Shelvey will now serve a three-match ban.
Goals by Ben Davies and Alli themselves sealed the Tottenham win with Kyle Walker-Peters named man of the match on their Premier League debut.
Bizarrely, the full back was a replacement for the almost identically named Kyle Walker, who joined Manchester City in the off-season.
Former California and Louisiana Tech coach Sonny Dykes has agreed to become the new head coach at SMU, sources told ESPN.
Dyke replaces Chad Morris, who left SMU last week to become head coach at Arkansas. Dykes spent this past season as an offensive analyst at TCU after Cal fired them in January following four seasons at the school.
SMU has scheduled a noon ET news conference for Tuesday to introduce its new head coach.
The 48-year-old Dykes are 41-45 in seven seasons as an FBS head coach.
Jeff Traylor, SMU's associate head coach and current interim coach, also had been considered for the permanent position.
SMU faces Louisiana Tech in the DXL Frisco Bowl on Dec. 20.
The Dallas Morning News first reported the agreement.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT SOLD 4,272 BUSES IN JAN, UP 10.25 PERCENT Y/Y Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2GDsDgS Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Pembury Lifestyle Group:
* ‍ENTERED INTO AN AGREEMENT WITH FINCH HAVEN RETIREMENT PROPRIETARY LIMITED TO ACQUIRE A PROPERTY IN FAIRLAND, FOR R16 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
David Wasserman: “If Democrats were to hold all of the seats we rate as leaning towards them, all 12 of the Toss Ups, and half of the seats in Lean Republican — a big ask — they would still fall two seats shy of a majority.”
“That's why in addition to an anti-GOP wave, Democrats need a few helpful breaks. The last three times the House switched hands — in 1994, 2006 and 2008 — retirements and scandals in previously out-of-reach districts gave the party out of power critical momentum. GOP Rep. Tim Murphy's ignominious exit this week may give Democrats a glimmer of hope in very red PA-18, but Democrats could especially use retirements in more marginal districts.”
However, the fact that HMD Global is attending MWC 2017, is giving rise to speculation Nokia may unveil a high-end phone. And that could up the excitement in the smartphone segment dominated by the iPhones and the Galaxies.
After years of floundering in the wilderness (the forgettable Windows partnership), it does look like Nokia is trying to regain lost glory by embracing the Android platform. “Nokia is a trusted and well-loved brand across the world. It enjoys unrivalled brand awareness and an iconic status for design, reliability and usability. Our goal is to take the brand to a new generation of mobile users, with a new standard in design, material quality and manufacturing innovation for a true Nokia phone experience,” Ekman said.
Members of white nationalists are met by a group of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., August 12, 2017.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, vA. (Reuters) - At least one vehicle hit a crowd of people gathered in a Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, hours after police broke up a clash between white nationalists and counter-protesters, according to witnesses, but it was not clear whether the incident was connected to the earlier melee.
The accident involved three vehicles, and there were multiple injuries, Charlottesville city spokesperson Miriam Dickler said in a text message.
At least four injured people were spotted at the location where the vehicle struck demonstrators, including one person who was taken away on a stretcher by paramedics. Multiple ambulances were on the scene soon after the early-afternoon incident.
Charlottesville police said in a statement on Facebook that they and Virginia State Police were at the scene of the incident in the city's downtown.
BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump's trade chief said on Monday that the World Trade Organization (WTO) is losing its focus on trade negotiations in favor of litigation, and was going too easy on wealthier developing countries such as China.
U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer attends the 11th World Trade Organization's ministerial conference in Buenos Aires, Argentina December 11, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
With Trump's “America First” trade agenda casting a cloud over the WTO's 11th ministerial meeting in Buenos Aires, representatives of other major members criticized protectionism and advocated a stronger multilateral trading system, while acknowledging the WTO's shortcomings.
U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, who has said they do not want major agreements out of the meeting, voiced concern that the WTO was becoming a litigation-centered organization.
“Too often members seem to believe they can gain concessions through lawsuits that they could never get at the negotiating table,” they said. “We have to ask ourselves whether this is good for the institution and whether the current litigation structure makes sense.”
Too many countries were not following WTO rules, they complained, and too many wealthier members had been given unfair exemptions as developing countries.
“We need to clarify our understanding of development within the WTO. We cannot sustain a situation in which new rules can only apply to a few and that others will be given a pass in the name of self-proclaimed development status,” Lighthizer told the conference's opening session.
They said five of the six richest countries claim developing country status at the WTO, without providing evidence to back up the assertion. A Lighthizer spokesperson later said they were referring to the six countries with the highest gross domestic product per capita, according to International Monetary Fund measurements.
Five, including Qatar and Singapore, claim developing status, which provides longer times to implement WTO agreements and more opportunities to boost trade.
Ahead of the meeting, the United States blocked efforts to draft a joint statement emphasizing the “centrality” of the global trade system and the need to aid development. Its opposition has raised concerns that the WTO will not be able to accomplish even modest goals, such as addressing fishing and agricultural subsidies, at the conference.
“We need to have a clear objective in mind,” European Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom said. “For the European Union, this is clear: to preserve and to strengthen the rules-based multilateral trading system.”
A police officer stands as a man sweeps the floor at the headquarters of the 11th World Trade Organization's ministerial conference in Buenos Aires, Argentina December 11, 2017. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
SWIPES AT CHINA
Trump has indicated their preference for bilateral deals over the multilateral system embodied by the WTO. The United States has vetoed new judges for trade disputes, pushing the organization into a crisis.
Several countries' delegates criticized that delay on Monday, without mentioning the United States. South Korean Trade Minister Kim Hyun-chong, whose resignation as a WTO appellate judge this year created one of the openings, said members should “promptly fill all the vacancies.”
“We need to collectively and expeditiously resolve this impasse,” Indian Commerce Minister Suresh Prabhu told the conference.
Lighthizer said it was impossible to negotiate new rules when many of the current ones were not being followed, and added that too many members viewed exemptions from WTO rules as a path to faster growth.
In a thinly veiled swipe at China's trade practices, Lighthizer said the United States was leading negotiations to “correct the sad performance of many members in notification and transparency.”
Japan's Trade and Economy Minister Hiroshige Seko said Japan would support efforts to boost reporting standards.
The United States is backing the EU in its resistance to recognizing China as a market economy, arguing the government unfairly intervenes in the economy. The case is before the WTO and a victory for Beijing could dramatically lower tariffs on imports of Chinese goods.
Chinese Commerce Minister Zhong Shan said on Monday that while trade protection was rising, no country would be able to succeed in isolation and that WTO rules were critical to protecting globalization.
“Let us join hands and take real action to uphold the authority and efficacy of the WTO,” Zhong said.
Israeli singer Netta, whose “Toy” won the Eurovision Song Contest earlier this month, has signed a deal for the song with S-Curve Records/BMG.
A quirky electronic tune, which features English lyrics and a scat-like vocal, “Toy” has amassed more than 60 million views on YouTube and reached No. 1 on Spotify's Viral 50 chart around the globe, claiming the top spot in the U.S., UK, and Australia.
The song gained popularity in Israel thanks in large part to the dance featured in the video as well as its strong message. In the Chorus, Netta declares, “I'm not your toy / You stupid boy.”
Netta Barzilai is a 25-year-old singer who won the TV show “Hakokhav Haba,” Israel's version of “American Idol” format. They were accompanied by a military band during their performance in the Eurovision grand finale, which followed two semi-final rounds.
New York-based S-Curve is home to such acts as Andy Grammer, Leslie Odom Jr., Rachel Crow and We The Kings, among others. In 2015, BMG, which counts Janet Jackson, Jason Aldean, Blink-182 and Fergie on its artists roster, acquired S-Curve, which was founded by music industry veteran Steve Greenberg. Jackson's “Unbreakable” was BMG's first release to reach No. 1 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
Coffee Meets Bagel scored a $12 million Series B this week. The round, led by U.K. VC firm Atami Capital, brings the popular dating app's total up to just under $20 million since launching back in 2012.
The San Francisco-based dating app has worked to distinguish itself from competitors like Bumble and Tinder by limiting the number of matches it offers during a 24-hour window. Late last year, it expanded its offering with a video feature, to add an extra dimension to profiles. This month, it introduced additional CMB Experiences to bring users together in the real world.
Of course, Coffee Meets Bagel is battling a juggernaut in the form of the billion-dollar Match Group, which currently owns OkCupid, Tinder, PlentyofFish and Match, among others. According to the company, this latest round will drive investments into more CMB Experiences along with international expansion for the service, along with other “product innovation.”
Co-CEO Arum Kang also notes that the Series B brings a number of VC firms with “prominent female investors,” including Gingerbread Capital. “We're excited about the next phase of Coffee Meets Bagel, and are pleased to have some wonderful international and female investors on board,” Kang says in a release tied to the news. “Given our focus on female experience, it was very important that we have a female perspective at the investor level.”
click to enlarge Provided
Described as the "mad altoist of Jazz" Richie Cole comes to the Lowcountry for three special performances starting this Thurs. April 20 at North Charleston Italian restaurant, Gennaro's The Thursday performance, which starts at 7:30 p.m., features the musical stylings of Cole and the Alto Madness Orchestra. Trombonist and band leader Mike Gennaro and their octet have been practicing tunes from Cole's Alto Madness book to prep for the altoist's special appearance.Then on Fri. April 21, check out Cole at How Art Thou at 8 p.m. To round out the weekend, Cole and pianist Oscar Rivers play at HAT Sat. April 22 at 8 p.m.
Twitter explodes as Cristiano Ronaldo scores before getting sent off in a frantic El Clasico
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a screamer before getting sent off only a minute later in the first El Clasico of the season.
@shauryavineet by Shaurya Vineet News 14 Aug 2017, 06:09 IST
Cristiano Ronaldo mimics Lionel Messi's celebration from earlier this year
The Supercopa de Espana clash between Barcelona and Real Madrid was the perfect curtain-raiser for the Spanish footballing season that anyone could have hoped for. After a slow start in the first half, the game sprang to life in the second half, with tackles flying in, screamers being scored and cards being handed out for fun.
It all started with Gerard Pique - who is not having the best time of their life - as they diverted a fizzing cross from Marcelo past their own goalkeeper to open the scoring for their sworn enemies. But it was only the beginning as soon after Luis Suarez won their side a penalty after going down inside the box under minimal contact from Keylor Navas. Lionel Messi stepped up promptly and placed the ball into the bottom left corner to pull their side on level terms.
The game reached its crescendo in the next 5 minutes as Cristiano Ronaldo first scored an absolute screamer to put Zinedine Zidane's side ahead, before mimicking Lionel Messi's iconic 'shirt' celebration at the Santiago Bernabeu earlier in the year. The Portuguese went into the book for taking off their shirt and was sent off less than a minute later after going down inside the box under pressure from Samuel Umtiti, an act deemed by the referee to be a Dive.
Just as Barcelona looked to be set to capitalize on their numerical advantage, Marco Asensio stepped up and scored one of the goals of the season as they beat Ter Stegen with a pinpoint shot into the German's near post from the edge of the box.
Ernesto Valverde's men will now have to overturn this deficit in the second leg, in 3 days time, if they are to start the season on a high.
Twitter, as you would expect, didn't hold back after another frantic El Clasico and here are the best tweets:
The most talked about celebration in the world right now...
Sorry Cristiano, Messi did it much, much better ???? https://t.co/G41Zi3hGDH pic.twitter.com/vy01tlvdw3 — Aaron Flanagan (@aaronflan) August 13, 2017
Cristiano Ronaldo copying Messi pic.twitter.com/ZKD1ujW3Rw — Troll Football (@TrollFootball) August 13, 2017
SAVAGE: Cristiano Ronaldo recreates Lionel Messi's shirt celebration. ???? pic.twitter.com/RZsNrkb0cN — Football Hub (@FootbalIhub) August 13, 2017
Ronaldo fans call us obsessed but in fact their idol is most obsessed with Messi. Hypocrites.. pic.twitter.com/q6kHxkB8v9 — Leo Messi (@messi10stats) August 13, 2017
The different sides of the story...
Ronaldo's worst nightmare is Messi. They will always have Leo on their mind. Even their son is a Messi fan. Copycat. pic.twitter.com/suvwhv2hP3 — Leo Messi (@messi10stats) August 13, 2017
Lionel Messi disrespected Bernabeu, Cristiano Ronaldo replied at the Nou Camp. No obsession here, just revenge. — Steve Dede (@DizSteve) August 13, 2017
Ronaldo fans call us obsessed but in fact their idol is most obsessed with Messi. Hypocrites.. pic.twitter.com/q6kHxkB8v9 — Leo Messi (@messi10stats) August 13, 2017
3 things that are certain in life:
1. Death.
2. Taxes.
3. Cristiano Ronaldo silencing the Camp Nou. pic.twitter.com/odqmfc68mX — MuhammadFahad. (@TheCristianoGuy) August 13, 2017
Original / Made in China pic.twitter.com/j5JI8T6KeL — Football Funnys (@FootballFunnys) August 13, 2017
That shirt hanging celebration Messi did at the Bernabeu really pained Ronaldo. pic.twitter.com/bLdHQqn9DG — Mootaz (@MHChehade) August 13, 2017
Ronaldo "I took off my shirt to celebrate like Messi but I got Red carded. UEFA will be hearing about this." pic.twitter.com/ldqo1HOTTT — ???? (@BaguetteFC) August 13, 2017
Here's how it started...
Marcelo telling Ronaldo to do the celebration ????????????pic.twitter.com/SIYL8EXGVz — Lukita (@ModricEsque) August 13, 2017
A tale of two dives...
✅ Luis Suarez dive = Barcelona awarded a penalty. ????
✅ Cristiano Ronaldo fouled = Cristiano Ronaldo sent off. ???? pic.twitter.com/uBMUX5kq2q — SPORF (@Sporf) August 13, 2017
You got a reputation for yourself now...Everybody knows and I feel left out. #ElClásico pic.twitter.com/ITfodgx9Fs — Chef (@champ_ian) August 13, 2017
Suarez dives: Gets a penalty
Cristiano Ronaldo is fouled in the box: Gets a Red card
UEFALona for you. — Danny Welbeck (@WelBeast) August 13, 2017
Ha. Ronaldo sent off for diving when they didn't dive, shortly after Luis Suarez won a penalty with an actual dive. — Joe Crann (@YesWeCrann) August 13, 2017
BREAKING: Live replay of Luis Suarez's dive. ???? pic.twitter.com/fpvH4XJfXu — SPORF (@Sporf) August 13, 2017
58' Ronaldo comes on
80' Ronaldo scores beauty
81' Ronaldo booked for taking their shirt off
82' Ronaldo dives, shown 2nd yellow
UNREAL pic.twitter.com/reYYkTccMl — Coral (@Coral) August 13, 2017
But what if Messi decides to do it in the second leg?
You don't see Messi coming out and doing "Calma Calma" or "SIIIII" you utter embarrassment @Cristiano — NAZ (@FCNazalona) August 13, 2017
The truth...
Take out Messi. Barça will not win a game. Take out Ronaldo Real Madrid will still win all games. — Oma Akatugba (@omaakatugba) August 13, 2017
Cristiano Ronaldo, you absolute legend!
Ronaldo came on, spun se queda, scored a banger, flexed on 100k people, got sent off and pushed the ref.
They run football. — Zeus (@KeylorinhoZZ) August 13, 2017
I love how Ronaldo just came in, scored a banger of a winner then leaves.
King. — WH (@Wilshoholic) August 13, 2017
Goals at Camp Nou in #ElClasico:
Ronaldo - 11
Messi - 10
???? pic.twitter.com/LhoKTZlf9l — Ladbrokes (@Ladbrokes) August 13, 2017
Marco Asensio, you gem!
Marco Asensio has scored on their @RealMadrid debut in:
✅ UCL
✅ UEFA Super Cup
✅ Copa del Rey
✅ Supercopa
✅ La Liga
Wow. ????????????????
(???? @Squawka) pic.twitter.com/KlmN26Cpfd — SPORF (@Sporf) August 13, 2017
Asensio
Scored full RM debut
Scored league debut
Scored Champions League debut
Scored Copa Del Rey debut
Now scored Spanish Super Cup debut — Phil Kitromilides (@PhilKitro) August 13, 2017
Worthy of winning any trophy. What a goal. #ElClásico — Chef (@champ_ian) August 13, 2017
Shocking refereeing decisions won't stop Real Madrid. Brilliant to see Marco Asensio picking up where they left off. Madrid is ruthless. — Liam Canning (@LiamPaulCanning) August 13, 2017
Barcelona are doomed...
Dani Alves, Marco Verratti and Neymar all in same side for PSG at Guingamp. How Barça would have liked those three for #ElClásico tonight... — Ben Hayward (@bghayward) August 13, 2017
- Neymar sold to PSG
- Liverpool refuse to sell Coutinho
- Dortmund refuse to sell Dembele
- Piqué own goal v Madrid
The Barcelona board... pic.twitter.com/2cRiMFXBqa — Football Gone Viral (@Footygoneviral) August 13, 2017
They miss Neymar???? Just asking lol — Kevin-Prince Boateng (@KPBofficial) August 13, 2017
What actually happened...
I don't think that's a penalty but it's not a dive either. — Arsène's Son (@hughwizzy) August 13, 2017
Barcelona fans will be hoping, Él no se queda
by Christine Stuart | May 30, 2018 4:43pm Google ( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment | Share
Posted to: Election 2018
HARTFORD, CT — Democratic candidates who will appear on Row A in the August primary met at Bear's Restaurant Wednesday to see what they can do to work together, but aside from a loose affiliation on a ballot line there weren't a lot of concrete examples of how they would run as a slate.
“It's a great group, I'm proud to be here with them,” Ned Lamont, the endorsed candidate for governor, said.
They said they were just beginning a discussion about how to go together into the Aug. 14 primary.
It's likely each of the candidates, with the exception of incumbent Secretary of the State Denise Merrill and State Comptroller Kevin Lembo, will have one or two primary opponents.
Bridgeport Mayor Joe Ganim is looking to petition their way onto the ballot, former Secretary of the State Susan Bysiewicz faces a challenge from Eva Bermudez Zimmerman, state treasurer candidate Shawn Wooden faces a challenge from Dita Bhargava and state Rep. William Tong, who won the endorsement for attorney general, faces a primary from Sen. Paul Doyle and former federal prosecutor Chris Mattei.
In a statement following the press conference, Mattei said “It's disappointing to see party insiders presumptuously declare ‘we're the Democratic Party' long before actual voters get the chance to do so in August. This is exactly the type of establishment, top-down politics that voters in Connecticut have been frustrated with for years.”
Lamont, a Greenwich business person who earned their millions in the telecommunications industry, described the group as “smart, battle-tested, and ready to fight for Connecticut values. And we're just beginning to discuss how we can work together going forward into the primary and then how we win in November, because this is such an important lights-on, lights-off election.”
Asked about Bermudez Zimmerman and their decision to choose Bysiewicz before the convention, Lamont said they think Bysiewicz knows Hartford and “we're very complimentary.”
“We'll be all working together as the endorsed slate going forward and we'll let the primary voters make up their minds,” Lamont said.
Lamont's decision to choose Bysiewicz set off a firestorm of criticism regarding the Democratic Party's view of diversity as being reserved for other statewide offices.
“I think we presented the most diverse group of candidates that we've ever seen in this state by any party,” Tong said.
They said the Row A slate represents the voters of Connecticut.
At the same time, Wooden said they don't believe they should allow the discussion about diversity to “obscure the great talent that we have on this slate right here. It's historic, it's diverse, but it's also experienced.”
They said the challenges they will face are too great to be distracted.
“Look we're not afraid of a primary,” Lamont said. “We all have a primary going forward.”
Bysiewicz said primary's are healthy for the democratic process and they get to discuss the views much sooner than they would if there wasn't one.
Also the Republican Party has primaries in all but one of the races for statewide office.
Connecticut has a closed primary system which only allows voters registered with a party to vote in the primary.
Asked if they were concerned their political friendship could cause problems for compliance with Connecticut's election laws, they said they were taking their compliance very seriously.
Lamont is not using the Citizens Election Program, but the rest of the candidates are, which means they have an expenditure limit.
Officials from the Connecticut Democratic Party did not attend the press conference.
The party paid a $325,000 fine in 2016 to the State Elections Enforcement Commission as part of a settlement agreement.
Election regulators accused the party of using funds from its federal account to pay for about $300,000 in mailings featuring Democratic Gov. Dannel P. Malloy who was running for a second term and a get-out-the-vote message for a member of congress. Since state contractors can contribute to the federal fund, election regulators felt the party was circumventing Connecticut's clean election laws which prohibit state contractor contributions.
One of the things federal investigators were looking at was whether the party should have used its federal account, which includes prohibited state contractor funds, to pay for about $300,000 in mailings featuring Malloy. The party argued it had to use the federal account because the mailings included a get-out-the-vote message.
Based on Connecticut's election laws, Lamont may benefit from not using the public financing system because it means the party can actually give them more money.
The party can make direct contributions to a self-funded candidate of up to $50,000. Town committees can give candidates $7,500.
Publicly financed candidates can only accept organizational expenditures from the party, such as emails listing the candidates name, events featuring the candidate, or help from advisers.
The World's Most Dangerous Document Hits the Front Pages… EDITOR'S CHOICE – Strategic-Culture
by Jan OBERG
No it didn't.
The mainstream media are totally irresponsible in their priorities. At the moment of writing, five hours after the world's most dangerous document was presented, no major Western media has featured it prominently. This means it won't be. No chance it would go viral. The increasing risk of nuclear war isn't important.
While people talk about fake, a much larger issue is omission:
What is hidden to you? What world order issues are deliberately down-graded?
What threats to humanity end up at the bottom of page 38 after 10 pages of sports, entertainment and celebrity stories.
Another technique is cover-up, talking about something else such as the ever convenient North Korean “threat” or Russia's latest evil plot.
It's not only ignorance. There are media and other power elites who know exactly what to hand out to you and how. And what to fake, omit and cover up instead of covering.
Time to wake up: The dominant Western media are rapidly becoming the largest single obstacles to understanding our world. One proof is this story.
* * *
The Transnational has already posted a few articles about this scary, absurd and anti-ethical document, the Nuclear Posture Review, NPR:
• Huffington Post's first article based on a leak from January 14, 2018.
• Pentagon advocates nukes against a cyberattack, in the New York Times, January 16, 2018.
• Paul Rogers, Sliding towards nuclear war?
• And in a larger perspective, a world expert on it all – Daniel Ellsberg and their new book, The Doomsday Machine. Confessions of a Nuclear Planner.
* * *
And then tonight happened the Pentagon “rollout” of this formal document on which the U.S. is going to base its nuclear policies in the future.
Watch the whole event here on the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientist.
Watch and listen carefully to how the Pentagon experts explain and rationalize it all, from within their box: So natural as if talking about pleasant everyday affairs.
And take note of the lame, cliquish questions asked by what must be highly selective media people who, it seems, have never read a book about nuclear policies.Dont challenge a single underlying assumption or point to dangers.
The central words are ‘the safety of the American people', the capabilities and it's all held within the weapons technological framework and blurred security environment and deterrence. Not a single, intellectually defensible argument given.
No questioning of the framework – legal, political, ethical, psychological, civilisational…
* * *
This is not only what the leading US psychiatrist of war, Nazi doctors and sect psychology, Robert Jay Lifton calls ‘psychic numbing'.
Or what Yale psychologist Irving Janis in their classical study called ‘groupthink'.
No, seldom has the Theatre of the Absurd of the MIMAC – the Military-industrial MEDIA-Academic Complex – been performed so well.
In a calm and rational manner, we learn how natural it is to perceive, to talk about – and never question – what is in reality directly and fundamentally related to the unthinkable omnicide – destruction of humanity and the world as we know it.
All in the name, of course, of maintaining the US-based, military-dominated post-1945 world order against America's beloved enemies. What would it do without them? How would it develop new nukes at trillions of dollars if it did not invent enemies all around. Imagine it had a policy of co-operation with the world instead of dominating it?
It's well known that one of the defining characteristics of terrorism is the targeting, wounding or killing of innocent people, of people who are in no way fighters or otherwise related to the conflict – like children on a school bus, patients at a hospital.
The Nuclear Poster Review is a plädoyer for mega-terrorism, dwarfing ISIS and everybody else.
It's about the use of nuclear weapons – NUTs meaning Nuclear Use Theory – not for the deterrence business as usual, or MAD – Mutually Assured Destruction.
It is a document that argues in favour of nuclear weapons being use-able, for the theory that the US can start, fight and survive a nuclear exchange. In other words, for making the unthinkable not only thinkable but acceptable.
You can't use nuclear weapons without killing and wounding millions and making life uninhabitable for billions. Every thought about nuclear use is based on a terror philsophy – and practised today only by the United States of America.
The NPR 2018 lowers the psychological threshold and increases the likelihood vastly that nuclear weapons will be used in the future.
This kind of thinking brings huge dangers to the world. There are lots of vested interests that don't want you to know.
This document should be condemned – as it would have been throughout the homogenised Western mainstream media had it been Russia or China or some other nuclear weapons state that had presented a similarly perversely dangerous and exceptionalist nuclear-use policy.
There is a simple solution to this nuclear madness: Nuclear abolition. That's what the world's huge majority wants and has voted for at the UN.
And if you don't believe that, let's try a little experiment in democracy – after all that's what the US is, isn't it? Get all the nuclear weapons states to hold free and fair referendums asking their citizens whether they want their own countries defended by nuclear weapons.
For the first time in human history. Then we take the struggle for nuclear abolition from there…
Sharing is caring!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Snow-weary commuters faced chaos at Britain's busiest railway station as all departing trains were cancelled or delayed after a trackside fire added to their woes.
South Western Railway's entire network was disrupted as passengers trying to leave London Waterloo faced hours-long delays during the evening rush.
Huge crowds formed near the ticket barriers and frustrated travellers had barely any room to move as they waited for updates on their journeys home.
Passengers faced cancellations, revised services and delays of up to two hours and 20 minutes, with the severe disruption expected to last through the end of the day.
A customer notice inside one station told passengers not to travel, as furious travellers vented on social media.
Three main lines were blocked after the fire outside London Waterloo damaged the signalling system and led to track circuit failures, forcing train drivers to verbal permission from signalling staff before continuing.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Some passengers were stuck on trains for more than an hour as the fire brought services to a halt.
Rail services and public transport across large parts of England and Wales were already severely disrupted on Monday after a winter storm and plunging temperatures brought snow and ice.
Until at least 8pm trains between London Waterloo and Dorking, Hampton Court and Chessington South are among those cancelled.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Other cancellations include circular trains to/from London Waterloo via Teddington and Strawberry Hill, while all west of England services are starting and terminating at Basingstoke, Hampshire.
Mainline and suburban trains towards London Waterloo are terminating at Clapham Junction.
South Western Railway warned there may be short notice alterations and cancellations on all other routes.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It said platforms 1-3 were out of service, and trains which normally use the platforms were diverted onto other lines to use different platforms.
Network Rail engineering staff enabled platforms 4-9, but there was still a massive backlog.
South Western Railway urged its customers to allow extra time and check their journey before travelling, and it invited them to claim compensation if their train had been delayed by 15 minutes or more.
(Image: jasonblackraven/Instagram)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Evening Gazette)
The rail firm said in a statement: "Due to a lineside fire at London Waterloo some lines are blocked.
"Train services running across the whole South Western Railway network may be cancelled, delayed by up to 140 minutes or revised.
"Earlier today a line-side fire outside London Waterloo caused damage to the signalling system leading to track circuit failures on three of the main lines to and from London Waterloo.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
(Image: PA)
"Track circuits are a part of the signalling system that monitors the presence of trains on sections of track. When a track circuit failure occurs trains must stop and seek verbal permission to continue from signalling staff.
"We strongly advise that you allow extra time and check your journey before you travel.
"We are sorry for any delay this may cause to your journey today."
Pope's China Calculation Clashes with Image as Champion of Oppressed
Some believers say they feel abandoned when Pope Francis pursues diplomatic goals in China, Russia, Mideast
Francis X. Rocca –WALL STREET JOURNAL
Pope Francis' recent decision to replace two Chinese bishops loyal to Rome with selectees of the country's Communist government, heralding their broader moves to reset the Vatican's ties with Beijing, has drawn cries of betrayal from advocates of the country's long-persecuted “underground” Catholic Church.
READ MORE AT WALL STREET JOURNAL
StubHub released its fourth annual preview of the most in-demand touring acts for the summer of 2018, and Taylor Swift returns to the top of the list; U2 topped the list last summer and Adele in 2016.
According to StubHub's data, Swift outsold the No. 2 act, The Eagles, by more than 40% of their total sales. Them average ticket price is 21% less than their 1989 Tour in 2015.
Ed Sheeran tops the list for most sales per show, while the Eagles, Harry Styles, Beyonce/Jay-Z, Foo Fighters and U2 all put in strong showings.
2018 Top Selling Acts Overall
(Based on total sales on StubHub for U.S. tour dates from Memorial Day to Labor Day 2018.)
1. Taylor Swift
2. Eagles
3. Harry Styles
4. Beyoncé
5. Foo Fighters
6. Kenny Chesney
7. U2
8. Journey
9. Radiohead
10. Sam Smith
2018 Top Selling Acts Per Show
(Based on average sales per show for U.S. tour dates on StubHub from Memorial Day to Labor Day 2018.)
1. Ed Sheeran
2. George Strait
3. Eagles
4. Billy Joel
5. Justin Timberlake
6. Taylor Swift
7. P!nk
8. U2
9. Pearl Jam
10. Foo Fighters
“The 2018 summer concert season has something for everyone,” said Jeff Poirier, General Manager of Music, Theatre and Performing Arts for StubHub. “The most popular concerts on StubHub include acts from every decade dating back to the '70s, making this a truly unique season for live music fans of all ages. The '90s are showing a particularly strong comeback this year.”
Get the Hollywood look!
The 21st century is overflowing with beauty crazes, from highlighting and contouring to faking freckles, but how new are these trends?
Hollywood Beauty: Vintage Secrets (Plexus Publishing) features iconic beauties from the big screen and delves into what kept them looking stunning both on and off set.
We've ten copies to give away worth £14.99 each. Enter now for a chance to travel through time and recreate vintage Hollywood looks with easy step-by-step guidance.
Salim Ahmed
Lahore
In the backdrop of Pakistan's poor exports performance, the Pakistan Readymade Garments Manufacturers and Exporters Association (PRGMEA) has called for speedy implementation of revised PM package for exporters for 2017-18 along with an aggressive marketing plan to enhance exports and get the maximum benefit of GSP Plus status.
PRGMEA Senior Vice Chairman Sheikh Luqman Amin appealed to the finance ministry to release the funds without any further delay, as more than 30 percent cash flow was blocked since long in the shape of sales tax refund and Customs rebate, which is adversely damaging cash liquidity.
According to him, the finance Ministry has not yet released the major amount of the previous Rs.180 billion PM package to be processed from January 2017, they said, and added that the government should take steps for the removal of hurdles hindering exports of textile sector.
In this situation of financial crunch the textile value-added products are unable to fetch a high value due to poor packaging.
They suggested that under these circumstances there is also need to set up a product and packaging centre for ensuring better packaging.
Sheikh Luqman said that the association has also decided to devise a long-term strategy in response to the lack of interest showed by the government.
They observed that the industry has been competing in the global market without support or a proper plan while major competitors like India and China are utilising all channels and resources.
Pakistan Readymade Garments Manufacturers and Exporters Association Chief suggested that formulation of sector-wise policies can also control decline and stabilise the exports.
They said that due to unavailability of the latest fabric locally, the garment sector currently has a limited product line for the export market, adding that foreign buyers are demanding new garments on G3, G4 and technical fabric raw material, which are not available nor produced by the Pakistani weavers.
Sheikh Luqman Amin also said that value-added textile exporters were battling hard for their survival in the global market in the face of severe competition with the regional countries.
Terming funds blockage as the main cause of continuous drop in exports, they said that export industry was unable to tap its potential in accordance with capacity. They said the government initiative, if implemented timely, will surely provide relief to the exporters who are presently facing severe liquidity crunch.
They further said that the government had assured the exporters of simple procedure and paperless working, but in the new notification, the central bank has involved more paper working and lengthy process for disbursement of duty drawback claims.
The Pakistan Readymade Garments Manufacturers and Exporters Association SVC said that instead of involving associations the exporters have been asked to directly submit their claims to the banks, which have no technical staff to evaluate the claims. The banks are violating the SBP directives of processing refund cases within 14 days due to unavailability of professional staff.
They said that such notifications show that the Finance ministry is in no mood to implement the PM package at a time when the country suffers an all-time high trade deficit.
They said that by eliminating the role of the associations, the long delay has been multiplying manifolds as the banks do not have the required skills to scrutinize the refund claims solely.
* NSE, BSE indexes head for biggest fall this year
* Benchmark 10-yr bond slides; yield up 7 bps
* Rupee weakens to 64.1250 from 64.02 pvs close
* Markets hit by worries about tax, inflation
By Vishal Sridhar
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Indian shares tumbled on Friday as the long-term capital gains tax on equities investments dampened sentiment, while bonds slid for a second consecutive session on worries the central bank would become more hawkish on inflation.
The weak sentiment came a day after the government unveiled its budget for the year starting in April that raised spending for rural sectors and healthcare, widening the fiscal deficit target to 3.3 percent of gross domestic product from the previous 3.0 percent.
Investors worried that higher spending and the government's move to raise minimum support prices for crops could lead to higher retail prices at a time when consumer price inflation has already hit a 17-month high of 5.21 percent, well above the Reserve Bank of India's target of 4 percent.
That is leading to fears the RBI could adopt a more hawkish tone at its policy review on Feb. 6-7, although it is widely expected to keep rates on hold.
The government also unveiled a 10 percent tax on long-term capital gains in equity markets.
“Long-term capital gains tax on equities is not welcomed by the markets and fiscal slippage is another reason that's driving the markets down,” said Neeraj Dewan, director, Quantum Securities.
The broader NSE index was down 1.2 percent at 10,874.30 as of 0538 GMT after slumping as much as 1.73 percent, the biggest percentage loss since Dec 18, 2017.
The benchmark BSE index was 1.34 percent lower at 35,426.35, after falling as much as 1.65 percent.
Meanwhile, the benchmark 10-year bond yield rose 7 bps to 7.65 pct after rising 17 bps on Thursday, while the rupee weakened to 64.1250 from its 64.02 close on Thursday.
All major NSE indexes witnessed selling pressure. The Nifty Realty index dropped as much as 8.3 percent, its biggest percentage loss since November, 2016.
However, ITC Ltd bucked the trend, rising as much as 3.7 percent, as the federal budget left the tax on cigarettes unchanged. (Reporting by Vishal Sridhar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
Long March 2D sends Zhangheng-1 seismo-electromagnetic spacecraft and six small satellites into space
Tomasz Nowakowski
China launched its first seismo-electromagnetic satellite, known as Zhangheng-1 on Friday, Feb. 2, atop a Long March 2D rocket. Six other smaller satellites also piggybacked on the mission. The flight highlighted China's growing space ambitions.
The mission lifted off into the sky at 7:51 GMT (2:51 a.m. EST) from Launch Area 4 (LA-4) at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center (JSLC) in China's Gansu Province.
Chinese media has not disclosed any details about the preparations for the mission or about the Long March 2D's ride to space. Officials postponed the mission from Aug. 16, 2017. As of this writing, they have not offered any explanation behind this move.
The Long March 2D's flight most likely concluded within 10 minutes after liftoff, given that it delivered its passengers into a Sun-synchronous orbit (SSO). The nominal flight timeline of this rocket includes first stage separation about two and a half minutes after launch, and payload fairing detachment approximately one minute later. Therefore, the second stage controls the flight for the remaining 7 to 8 minutes in order to deploy the payload into targeted orbit.
The success of the mission was confirmed by the state-run Xinhua press agency, within 50 minutes after leaving the pad.
The primary payload of Friday's mission was the Zhangheng-1 experimental seismo-electromagnetic satellite, also known as the China Seismo-Electromagnetic Satellite (CSES). The mission is a joint Chinese-Italian project dedicated to the observation of ionospheric precursors of earthquakes.
Zhangheng-1 was inserted into a SSO at an altitude of about 310 miles (500 kilometers), inclined 98 degrees. It will now be jointly operated by the China National Space Administration (CNSA) and Italian Space Agency (ASI) for a period of up to five years.
If everything works as advertised, the satellite should measure high-energy particles, plasma, electric and magnetic fields with a set of scientific instruments, including a High Energy Particle Detector (HEPD) and a Search-Coil Magnetometer (SCM). The spacecraft is called an “earthquake investigator” as it should allow scientists to monitor electromagnetic and atmospheric phenomena, and study correlations with the occurrence of seismic events. It should also provide insights into solar-terrestrial interactions, including phenomena like solar flares and coronal mass ejections (CMEs).
“It will help scientists monitor the electromagnetic field, ionospheric plasma and high-energy particles for an expected mission life of five years,” said Zhao Jian, a senior official with China National Space Administration (CNSA).
Zhangheng-1 was built by the China Academy of Space Technology (CAST) and is based on the company's CAST2000 platform. The spacecraft weighs in at about 1,610 lbs. (730 kilograms) and is fitted with a lone deployable solar array.
The secondary payload for Friday's mission includes the GomX-4A and GomX-4B six-unit CubeSats built by the Danish GomSpace company, ÑuSat 4 and ÑuSat 5 satellites for the Argentinian company Satellogic, and also FengMaNiu-1 and Shaonian Xing CubeSats for China.
GomX-4A will be operated by the Danish Ministry of Defence and was sent aloft so as to serve as a technology demonstrator. The satellite has the main goal of identifying best-practice and future efforts reinforcing Denmark's surveillance of the Arctic. It is fitted with radio receivers capable of capturing position signals from ships and aircraft.
GomX-4B, operated by the European Space Agency (ESA), will test inter-satellite links and propulsive orbit control techniques for future constellation operations with GomX-4A. The CubeSat also carries the Cubesat Highly Integrated Memory Radiation Assurance experiment, known as Chimera, which is designed to test how ‘commercial-off-the-shelf' (COTS) parts cope with bombardments of high-energy electrically charged atomic particles from the Sun and deep space.
“The GOMX-4B satellite is the most advanced satellite design we have initiated to date and we are very happy that ESA will participate in this project that will demonstrate possibilities of satellites flying in formation, assess the tandem effect synergy that open the doors to commercial opportunities for using the platform in future constellations for our customers,” said Niels Buus, CEO of GomSpace.
ÑuSat 4 and ÑuSat 5 are Earth-observing satellites built and operated by Satellogic. Both spacecraft are identical and weigh approximately 81.5 lbs. (37 kilograms).
The duo should replenish Satellogic's Aleph-1 constellation aimed to deliver commercial Earth-observing services. When completed, the project is planned to consist of some 25 spacecraft orbiting in SSO at an altitude of about 300 miles (480 kilometers).
Meanwhile, FengMaNiu-1 (or FMN-1) is a technology demonstrator developed by Link Space Aerospace Technology Inc., which will be used by the company to test new optical components in space. It will also be used as a repeater for amateurs worldwide via the onboard transponder system. The satellite is a three-unit CubeSat weighing around 6.6 lbs. (3 kilograms).
According to Link Space, it will take some time to obtain first results from FengMaNiu-1's optical system.
“We will see the panoramic photo and video in a week,” the company tweeted.
Shaonian Xing (“Youth Star” in Chinese) is a three-unit CubeSat with a mass of about 4.4 lbs. (2 kilograms), it was developed by teenagers as part of the Sat-China outreach project. The small satellite will be employed to engage youth into thinking about space, STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Art and Mathematics) education, and satellite development.
The Long March 2D launcher that was selected for Friday's flight is a two-stage rocket developed by the Shanghai Academy of Spaceflight Technology. It is mainly used to launch satellites into low-Earth orbit (LEO). The 135 foot (41.15 meters) tall booster can launch payloads of up to 3.5 metric tons to LEO and has an SSO capability of up to 1.3 metric tons.
The rocket was launched for the first time on Aug. 9, 1992, from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, orbiting the Fanhui Shei Weixing FSW-2-1 recoverable satellite.
Friday's flight was the 266th launch of the Long March rocket series and the third mission conducted from JSLC in 2018. China's next orbital mission is currently slated to take place on February 11, when a Long March 3B booster will deliver the newest duo of BeiDou-3 navigation satellites into space. China has some 40 missions planned for 2018, marking one of the most ambitious launch manifests of the year.
* Save the Children, Sea Eye halt rescue operations
* Warn more migrant lives will be at risk
* Say Libyan coastguard make it unsafe to operate
* Migration is dominating political agenda in Italy
By Gavin Jones
ROME, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Two more aid groups have suspended migrant rescues in the Mediterranean, joining Doctors Without Borders, because they felt threatened by the Libyan coastguard.
Save the Children and Germany's Sea Watch said on Sunday their crews could no longer work safely because of the hostile stance of the Libyan authorities. Doctors Without Borders - or Medecins sans Frontieres - cited the same concern when it said on Saturday it would halt Mediterranean operations.
"We leave a deadly gap in the Mediterranean," Sea Watch's founder Michael Busch Heuer warned on Facebook, adding that Libya had issued an "explicit threat" against non-government organisations operating in the area around its coast.
Tension has been growing for weeks between aid groups and the Italian government, which has suggested some NGOs are facilitating people smuggling and is trying to enhance the role of the Libyan coastguard in blocking migrant departures.
This month, Italy began a naval mission in Libyan waters to train and support its coastguard, despite opposition from factions in eastern Libya that oppose the U.N.-backed government based in Tripoli.
Immigration is dominating Italy's political agenda before elections early next year, with public opinion increasingly hostile to migrants. Almost 600,000 migrants have arrived in Italy over the past four years.
Most sailed from lawless Libya in flimsy vessels operated by people smugglers. More than 13,000 migrants have died trying to make the crossing.
Ships manned by charities have played a growing role in rescues, picking up more than a third of all migrants brought ashore so far this year, compared with less than one percent in 2014.
Aid groups and some Italian politicians warn that migrants intercepted by the Libyan coast guard are taken back to inhuman conditions in detention camps on the Libyan mainland.
However, prosecutors in Sicily have opened investigations against some NGOs, which they suspect of collaborating with people smugglers, and Rome has proposed a Code of Conduct setting stricter rules on how the groups can operate.
Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano said in a newspaper interview on Sunday that Libya's growing role in controlling its waters was curbing people trafficking and producing a welcome "readjustment" in the Mediterranean.
MSF's decision to halt its rescue operations was part of this positive process, they told daily La Stampa.
Save the Children said its rescue ship, the Vos Hestia, would dock in Malta until it received assurances about the intentions of the Libyan authorities.
Libya was trying to increase the range of the waters its ships controlled from 12 nautical miles around its coast to 70 nautical miles, the humanitarian organisation said.
"The necessary pause in operations from charity rescue ships likes ours and others will undoubtedly put lives at risk," its operations director Rob MacGillivray warned. (Reporting By Gavin Jones)
AOP Orphan Pharmaceuticals AG to acquire Selisistat
A clinical stage drug candidate for the treatment of Huntington's disease (HD)
Vienna: AOP Orphan Pharmaceuticals AG announced today that it has acquired Selisistat, a highly selective SIRT1 inhibitor, which in experimental studies has previously shown potential disease modifying properties in a number of neuro-degenerative diseases. In vitro data furthermore suggest that Selisistat could have the potential to act as a chemical inducer to generate functionally active neurons.
The drug candidate has clinically been tested in Phase I (dose finding and tolerability in humans) and in Phase II (therapeutic effectiveness in a limited patient number) HD studies. Selisistat proved to be safe and tolerable. Due to the chronic nature of HD a proof of efficacy, however, will require another controlled long term Phase III study.
Apart from being a potential disease modifying treatment for neuro-degenerative diseases, the SIRT1 Inhibitor Selisistat may be of therapeutic value in a number of indications amongst them, leukemia, cancer, sepsis, and prevention of organ transplant rejection.
“Development of meaningful drugs for rare diseases does come with significant risks,” said Dr. Rudolf Widmann, CEO of AOP Orphan. “Overcoming the hurdles of proving efficacy and safety in order to obtain regulatory approval nowadays is not enough anymore to bring a drug to patients in need of it. The discrepancy of making affordable drugs in an environment of accumulative administrative sophistication frequently causes research to stall. This is a regretful development for patients, physicians, pharmaceutical industry and payers.”
AOP Orphan has decided to maintain the chances of the promising drug candidate Selisistat and will, after thorough evaluation of existing data and consultation with medical experts and regulators, look for partners to take up the challenge to resume Selisistat development in potential indications, because, as stated by Dr. Widmann: “Abandoning hope is not an option unless lack of efficacy or unacceptable toxicity mandate the search for alternative molecules.”
MORE FROM THIS SECTION
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cineworld Group Plc:
* 87.34 PERCENT VOTES CAST AT GENERAL MEETING TO APPROVE THE ACQUISITION OF REGAL ENTERTAINMENT GROUP
* 87.73 PERCENT VOTES CAST AT GENERAL MEETING BACK ALLOTMENT OF SHARES IN COMPANY PURSUANT TO RIGHTS ISSUE​‍​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Contracts to buy previously owned homes in the United States rose for the third straight month in December, bolstered by a robust job market.
The National Association of Realtors said on Wednesday its pending home sales index increased to a reading of 110.1 last month, up 0.5 percent from November.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast pending home sales rising 0.4 percent last month.
Pending home contracts are seen as a forward-looking indicator of the health of the housing market because they become sales one to two months later.
Pending sales rose 0.5 percent in December from the same month in 2016. Pending home sales rose 4.0 percent in the South from a year earlier, while they were up 0.3 percent in the Midwest. Pending home sales fell 2.7 percent in the Northeast and 3.1 percent in the West on a year-on-year basis.
Jack Wilshere impressed for Arsenal Under-23s against Derby County on Monday night as reports continue to rage on their future at the club.
The 25-year-old midfielder played 73 minutes in an entertaining 3-2 win for the Gunners - after being 2-0 down - in their Premier League 2opener.
Wilshere was eager to put in a good showing for Arsene Wenger amid reports of interest from Serie A giants Juventus and Newcastle United, along with a number of other clubs.
Francis Coquelin and Kieran Gibbs were also in action, along with exciting young talent Reiss Nelson who scored a double to bring Arsenal level.
Coquelin was the only player from the quartet involved in the first-team's 4-3 win over Leicester City on Friday night.
Follow the live action as it happened below with Football.London's Tom Marshall-Bailey.
A traveling Texan who's scammed churches in seven other states has been caught in Iowa and accused of deceiving congregations in Cedar Rapids.
Forty-one-year-old Alan Farha, a native of Dallas, Texas, told church-goers in Cedar Rapids their family had been killed by a roadside bomb in Syria and they needed money to fly home. It's a story he's used elsewhere recently. They were arrested in Milwaukee a year ago after scamming some Catholic churches there. A few months before that, they were convicted and placed on five years probation for a con of church-goers in Rochester.
He's used a variety of down-on-his luck stories and been charged with scams in New Hampshire, New York, West Virginia, Illinois and Missouri, too. Back in 2008, in the Columbia, Missouri area, they conned 17 churches, dozens of people and a few businesses out of at least $10,000. The Columbia Tribune reports a group of pastors in St. Paul, Minnesota, were so concerned by their activity there more than a decade ago, they bought them a one-way bus ticket to Pennsylvania.
Last week, Cedar Rapids Police had warned churches that Farha was attending services in the area and trying to scam people.  They are being held in the Linn County Jail, on a theft charge.
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japanese government bond prices recovered from earlier losses after the Bank of Japan acted decisively on Friday to curb a rise in bond yields, offering “unlimited” buying in long-term Japanese government bonds.
Heavy buying of JGBs raises the price of bonds to force down their yield, an essential element of the BOJ's ultra-loose yield curve control (YCC) policy.
It was the first time in more than six months that the BOJ has conducted special operations to buy bonds to achieve the yields it wants to see, rather than the auctions used in regular operations - a powerful show of force to direct the market.
On top of that, the BOJ increased the amount of its planned buying in five- to 10-year JGBs to 450 billion yen from the 410 billion amounts it has favoured since late August.
Following the BOJ's operations, the price of the 10-year JGB futures rose to as high as 150.31 from the day's low of 150.09. It was up 0.11 on the day.
The benchmark 10-year cash JGB yield edged down to 0.090 percent, the same level as its previous close, from 0.095 percent touched earlier.
JGB yields have risen in recent weeks, in line with global peers, on rising expectations that the world's central banks are increasingly leaning towards winding back stimulus as the global economy gains momentum.
Investors have started to speculate that the BOJ could also be moving towards an exit from ultra-easy policy, although BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has denied that they were considering such a major policy adjustment in the near future.
“I think the BOJ took pre-emptive steps to fend off further rises in JGB yields. JGB prices recovered so I think it was a success at least for now,” said Naoya Oshikubo, yen rates strategist at Barclays.
“But given that the main reason for higher yields comes from foreign bonds, the market will likely remain capped,” they added.
Indeed the impact of the BOJ's action quickly evaporated in the currency market, on which the BOJ has less control.
The yen briefly weakened to 109.66 per dollar from around 109.45 but quickly pared its losses.
RAWALPINDI, April 17 (APP): Director General Inter Services
Public Relations (ISPR) Major General Asif Ghafoor on Monday
applauded the role of media for timely breaking the news about
abduction of Lt Col (R) Habib Zahir from Nepal.
Talking to a group of journalists after addressing a press
conference, they said the role of media is highly appreciable for its
prompt reporting of the incident of abduction of retired officer of
Pakistan Army.
They said had the media not reported the kidnapping of Lt Col
(R) Habib from Nepal, the cunning adversary would have used the
abduction of the kidnapee against Pakistan for fulfilling its
nefarious and ugly designs.
Letter: Dismantle the FAA's involvement in medical certification?
By Jim Posner, Poulsbo, Wash. I have long thought that the FAA should NOT be in the medical certification business, at least for Part 91 operations. Ever since my denial – despite letters from my doctors specifically stating that I am good to go – I have tried to understand why they should consider themselves more qualified to determine my fitness to fly than my own experts.
Following a verbal altercation with an attendee at their “Brave” reading on Wednesday, Rose McGowan announced that they have canceled upcoming public appearances.
In a series of tweets on Friday, McGowan accused the heckler from the Barnes & Noble event of verbally assaulting them McGowan also alleged that the woman was a paid actor.
“I am canceling upcoming public appearances because I have given enough. I have given beauty, in return I was VERBALLY ASSAULTED for two full minutes @BNBuzz by an actor paid to verbally assault a woman who has been terrorized by your system,” they tweeted. “And no ONE in that room did anything.”
I am canceling upcoming public appearances because I have given enough. I have given beauty, in return I was VERBALLY ASSAULTED for two full minutes @BNBuzz by an actor paid to verbally assault a woman who has been terrorized by your system. And no ONE in that room did anything — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) February 2, 2018
They specifically called out their publicists, assistants, and managers for not stepping in to stop the woman and labeled them complicit. “The truth is you failed me. Again. And again. And again,” they said.
And everyone from my publicists, t assistants, managers and every person sitting in their chairs frozen by their weakness, a weakness called COMPLICITY. The truth is you all failed me. Again. And again. And again. — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) February 2, 2018
McGowan also asked for an apology from the other attendees in the room who did not defend them “I would like an apology from the manager of the Union Square @BNUnionSquareNY and all security people, and the audience who did nothing and let the paid verbal assault of an assaulted woman happen,” they tweeted. “Cool?”
I would like an apology from the manager of the Union Square @BNUnionSquareNY and all security people, and the audience, who did nothing and let the paid verbal assault of an assaulted woman happen. Cool? — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) February 2, 2018
During the heated dispute at the Manhattan Barnes & Noble, a woman stood up from their seat during the Q&A segment to reference comments McGowan made in July 2017 on RuPaul's “What's the Tee?” podcast.
“I have a suggestion. Talk about what you said on RuPaul. Trans women are dying and you said that we, as trans women, are not like regular women. We get raped more often. We go through domestic violence more often. There was a trans woman killed here a few blocks [away]. I have been followed home –,” the woman said before McGowan cut them off.
Related Rose McGowan Says They Are the 'Architect' of Weinstein's Downfall in Bizarre 'Colbert' Interview Rose McGowan Breaks Down When Confronted About Trans Rights: 'I Didn't Agree to Your Cis F---ing World'
After some back and forth between the two, the woman was escorted away.
The author then shouted into the microphone, “Don't label me, sister. Don't put your labels on me. Don't you f—ing do that. Do not put your labels on me. I don't come from your planet. Leave me alone. I do not subscribe to your rules. I do not subscribe to your language. You will not put labels on me or anybody. Step the f— back. What I do for the f—ing world and you should be f—ing grateful. Shut the f— up. Get off my back. What have you done? I know what I've done, God dammit.”
A smaller entry of cattle at Markethill on Tuesday 29th May continued to sell in a very strong trade.
An entry of 14 dairy cows sold to a top of £1,900 for a calved heifer from an Armagh farmer.
The same owner received £1,600 for a calved heifer.
A Cullyhanna farmer received £1,400 for a calved heifer and a Middletown producer sold a calved heifer at £1,200.
An entry of maiden heifers sold from £500 to £720 each.
CULL COWS
A smaller entry of cull cows sold in an improved trade.
Good quality beef bred cows from £150 to £186 for 580k at £1,085 followed by £183 per 100 kilos for 778k Belgian Blue at £1,425.
Fleshed Friesian cows were in exceptionally good demand selling to £144 per 100 kilos for 780k cows at £1,125 followed by £137 for 750k at £1,085.
Main demand from £125 to £135 per 100 kilos.
Second quality Friesians from £100 to £115 and the poorest types from £80 to £90 per 100 kilos.
Cull cows
Portadown farmer 582k, £1,085, £186.00; Keady farmer 778k, £1,425, £183.00; Armagh farmer 658k, £1,105, £168.00; Newtownhamilton farmer 702k, £1,165, £166.00; Armagh farmer 722k, £1,195, £166.00; Portadown farmer 586k, £915, £156.00; Crumlin farmer 616k, £955, £155.00 and Armagh farmer 682k, £1,045, £153.00.
Friesian cull cows
Keady farmer 780k, £1,125, £144.00; Glenanne farmer 754k, £1,035, £137.00; Collone farmer 754k, £1,015, £135.00; Scarva farmer 734k, £975, £133.00; Glenanne farmer 608k, £805, £132.00; Caledon farmer 730k, £965, £132.00; Collone farmer 632k, £825, £131.00 and Armagh farmer 648k, £845, £130.00.
CALVES
Dropped calf trade was exceptionally strong with good quality heifer calves to a top of £410 for a three week old Simmental from a Newtownhamilton farmer.
The same owner received £400 for a three week old Simmental.
Main demand from £220 to £340.
Bull calves to £400 for a three week old Simmental paid twice for a Newtownhamilton farmer.
Main demand for good quality bulls from £230 to £315 each.
Bull calves
Simmental £400; Simmental £400; Belgian Blue £315; Simmental £310; Limousin £285; Belgian Blue £275; Limousin £255 and Aberdeen Angus £250.
Heifer calves
Simmental £410; Simmental £400; Limousin £340; Limousin £320; Belgian Blue £315; Limousin £295; Belgian Blue £290 and Limousin £290.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Opposition lawmaker from Yelq bloc of the Armenian National Assembly Edmon Marukyan has unveiled a draft law about digital technologies which seeks to regulate cryptocurrency mining in the country.
Under the new law, individuals - both physical and legal entities - above the age of 18 will be eligible to start cryptocurrency mining.
No license or preliminary authorization will be required for mining in Armenia, the proposal says.
Also, according to the draft document, the process is not taxable before the law comes into force, as well as by December 31, 2023 after it takes effect.
Furthermore, tax, customs or other privileges can be established by law on condition that equal economic competition is not disrupted for those engaged in digital currency mining.
Prime minister Karen Karapetyan said at the international forum Digital Agenda in the Era of Globalization in Almaty, Kazakhstan on Friday, February 2 that the sector of information technologies in Armenia has been growing by 25% per annum in the past several years.
Although the results of 2017 have yet to be summarized, the PM said the country is expected to see a 28-30% growth in the IT industry in 2017.
National Appaloosa Horse Show and World Championship Appaloosa Youth Show Coming to Ft. Worth
Press Release
Exhibitors, owners, trainers, equine enthusiasts and the world's most colorful and talented Appaloosas will gather at the 70th National Championship Appaloosa Show & 2017 World Championship Appaloosa Youth Show at the Will Rogers Memorial Center in Fort Worth, Texas, June 26-July 8, 2017.for the most prestigious event in the Appaloosa industry.
The annual 13-day national event showcases the most talented Appaloosas and exhibitors, all of whom compete for amazing prizes and prestigious titles in more than 160 classes including cattle, western, English, jumping, games, reining and halter. Some of the industry's most exciting competitions are uniquely Appaloosa events such as the Rope Race and the horse-against-horse Nez Perce Stake Race. Select Walk-Trot classes, such as Walk-Trot Western Pleasure and Walk-Trot Trail.
In addition to exciting classes, some of the most coveted honors in the Appaloosa industry will be awarded including: Champion Cattle Horse, Champion Western Horse, Champion English Horse, Champion Games Horse, World Show Leading Breeder and numerous high-point awards.
From June 26th to July 1, 2017, the equestrian youth will showcase their hours of training with their appaloosa competing for the coveted honors of the World Championship Appaloosa Youth Show.
On Tuesday, June 27th Appaloosa Horse Club and American Paint Horse Association are sponsoring the 2nd annual Stars and Stripes Summer Spectacular for equestrians with disabilities. There are 23 available classes and the show will be held in the W.R. Watt Arena at the Will Rogers Memorial Center.
For more information about the Appaloosa Horse Club and its events, please visit www.appaloosa.com or call ApHC at 208-882-5578.
DUBAI (Reuters) - The United Arab Emirates said on Saturday that four of its soldiers died after their helicopter crashed during a routine mission in Yemen, the official news agency WAM reported.
They were "carrying out their normal mission in the Shabwa governorate in Yemen, where their helicopter had technical failure, which led to an emergency landing and hitting the ground," the agency said.
The UAE is part of a Saudi-led coalition formed in 2015 to fight the Iran-aligned Houthi group, which controls most of northern Yemen and the capital Sanaa, in a war that has killed more than 10,000 people and displaced more than 3 million.
Ole Miss will have a new mascot lurking on the sidelines of its athletic events -- the Landshark.
Ole Miss chancellor Jeffrey Vitter announced the change Friday, adding the university will still be known as the Rebels.
"The growth of the Landshark mystique over the last seven years has been phenomenal with every athletics team embracing it, including such standouts as Marshall Henderson with basketball and Kaitlin Lee with softball, in leading their respective teams to SEC championships," Vitter said in a statement.
The term Landshark originated in 2008 and was quickly adopted by the football team's defensive unit, according to the athletic department. Since then, defensive players celebrate big plays by putting a hand to their forehead in the shape of a shark fin.
The as-yet named Landshark will replace Rebel the Bear, who was selected as the Ole Miss mascot in 2010. In 2003, the university retired Colonel Reb from the field in an effort to move away from symbols of the Old South.
Rebel the Bear's retirement is effective immediately and the mascot will not be present at Vaught-Hemingway Stadium when Ole Miss plays Auburn on Saturday, athletic director Ross Bjork said.
The bear's ouster follows a student-government poll in which 81 percent of the respondents endorsed the Landshark. Vitter said they conferred with several student and alumni groups before making the decision. The Landshark is expected to be unveiled in 2018.
BUENOS AIRES (Reuters) - The world's financial leaders gathering in Argentina on Monday are likely to stop short of any specific action aimed at regulating cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, amid discord over the approach, sources at the summit told Reuters.
Representations of the Ripple, Bitcoin, Etherum and Litecoin virtual currencies are seen on a PC motherboard in this illustration picture, February 14, 2018. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
Wild swings in the price of Bitcoin, the best known of a myriad of digital currencies issued by private companies, cyber heists involving such assets, and fears they may be used for crime have raised calls for concerted actions by global regulators.
Finance ministers and central bankers from the world's 20 largest economies meeting in Buenos Aires will be told on Tuesday that such “crypto assets” do not threaten financial stability but can serve to launder money or finance terrorism and hurt consumers who buy them.
However, no action is expected to follow at the summit as policymakers have yet to agree on a common strategy to tackle the issue and some countries, including the United States, are wary of new regulation after a decade of rule-making in the wake of the financial crisis of 2008-2009, the sources said.
This pushes back the prospect of a global rule book on the matter, something that some regulators say is needed to tackle a phenomenon that transcends borders.
“It's unlikely that the G20 will ask for new regulation,” one of the sources said.
A communique summarising the thinking of summit participants was expected to be light on substance, merely promising vigilance and further study, the sources said.
This is in line with a recommendation by Mark Carney, the chair of the standard-setting body, the Financial Stability Board, who in their usual letter to summit participants called for “further international coordination” and “enhanced monitoring”, reflecting division among regulators.
Some countries, such as France, have proposed taking specific steps, such as creating the legal status of “crypto assets service providers” as a first step for regulating the sector.
Others reject the notion that such tokens should be treated as financial assets at all and fear that regulating them would give them a degree of legitimacy.
“They'd put a big sign on their website saying that they're regulated and therefore sanctioned by the authorities,” another source said.
This may leave the onus on national regulators to act, opening potential opportunities for providers of crypto currencies to game the rules by moving their operations to other jurisdictions.
“Unless G20 countries get it right, we may give the opportunity to other countries to fill that space,” said Mercina Tillemann-Dick of industry group the Global Blockchain Business Council, speaking at a separate event in Buenos Aires.
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Lebanese security forces fired tear gas and water canons at protesters near the U.S. Embassy in Lebanon on Sunday during a demonstration against President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Protesters, some of them waving Palestinian flags, set fires in the street and threw projectiles towards security forces that had barricaded the main road to the U.S. Embassy in the Awkar area north of Beirut.
Security personnel used force to disperse most of the protesters and detained some, witnesses said.
Addressing the protesters, the head of the Lebanese Communist Party Hanna Gharib declared the United States “the enemy of Palestine” and the U.S. Embassy “a symbol of imperialist aggression” that must be closed.
Protesters burned U.S. and Israeli flags.
“We came to say to the U.S. Embassy that it is an embassy of aggression and that Jerusalem is Arab and will stay Arab,” said Ahmad Mustafa, an official in the leftist Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, who was among the demonstrators.
Protesters are seen near the U.S. embassy in Awkar east of Beirut, Lebanon December 10,2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Azakir
Trump's recognition of Jerusalem has infuriated the Arab world and upset Western allies, who say it is a blow to peace efforts and risks causing further unrest in the Middle East.
Late on Saturday Arab foreign ministers meeting in Cairo urged the United States to abandon its decision and said the move would spur violence throughout the region.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Israel says that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state.
Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory and say the status of the city should be left to be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks.
The government of Lebanon, which hosts about 450,000 Palestinian refugees, has condemned Trump's decision. Lebanese President Michel Aoun last week called the move a threat to regional stability.
The powerful Iran-backed Lebanese Shi‘ite group Hezbollah on Thursday said it backed calls for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel in response to the U.S. decision.
Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah also called for a protest against the decision in the Hezbollah-controlled southern suburbs of Beirut on Monday.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
President Donald Trump went on offense against Democrats after liberals attacked the Trump administration's policy on child migrants. Trump said the Democrats were sharing a photo of detained children from 2014 during President Barack Obama's presidency.
"Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama's term showing children from the Border in steel cages," Trump tweeted May 29. "They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!"
Trump's tweets followed some blame and confusion about nearly 1,500 "lost" immigrant children. In late April, a federal agency reported being unable to locate about 1,500 children who came to the United States alone. Around the same time, the Trump administration announced a "zero-tolerance" policy to ramp up prosecutions of individuals who cross the border illegally.
Trump's tweet is accurate. One of the Democrats who shared the photo was Jon Favreau, a former Obama speechwriter.
Favreau, who has one million followers on Twitter, tweeted on May 27: "Look at these pictures. This is happening right now, and the only debate that matters is how we force our government to get these kids back to their families as fast as humanly possible."
Favreau included a link to a Arizona Republic story showing a photo of two detainees lying on mats on the ground in a holding cell with the headline "First Glimpse of Immigrant Children at holding facility." While Favreau has since deleted the tweet, Twitchy and Fox News showed screen grabs.
The photo was taken by Ross D. Franklin of the Associated Press in June 2014 at a Customs and Border Protection Agency center in Nogales, Arizona. The photo was used in an Arizona Republic article which described the migrants as "children in cages." The newspaper verified the timing of the photo in a tweet.
Minutes after Favreau's tweet about the photo, at 3:27 p.m. Favreau followed up with a tweet that cited the actual date of the photo.
"These awful pictures are from 2014, when the government's challenge was reconnecting unaccompanied minors who showed up at the border with family or a safe sponsor. Today, in 2018, the government is CREATING unaccompanied minors by tearing them away from family at the border."
Favreau responded to our questions by pointing to their May 29 Twitter thread, including this tweet:
"I tweeted a story that multiple journalists were posting. My mistake for not checking the date first. A few minutes later, when I realized my error, I deleted the tweet and immediately tweeted the correct info and date of the picture."
In an email, Favreau told PolitiFact that a New York Times Magazine editor was one of the journalists who posted the photo. Jake Silverstein, the magazine's editor-in-chief, tweeted on May 27 "My bad for RT'ing without closer inspection and implying by timing that it's current."
Trump's swipe at "Democrats" was broad but there were liberal activists who tweeted about the photo including Shaun King and Linda Sarsour. The Daily Caller and The Daily Mail linked to tweets by other activists and journalists.
Our ruling
Trump tweeted "Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama's term showing children from the Border in steel cages."
Several Democrats did tweet a photo of a facility where child migrants are detained. While they initially stated the image was something happening right now, the photo was actually from 2014.
Trump's attack on "Democrats" is broad here, it is nonetheless accurate. We rate this claim True.
'
Apple announced today that it's placed a straight-to-series order for Dickinson, a show that will star Hailee Steinfeld as poet Emily Dickinson.
Steinfeld is an actor and singer who was Oscar-nominated for their performance in True Grit and more recently performed in Pitch Perfect 2 and 3. Dickinson, meanwhile, is generally considered one of the great American poets, but given their reputation as an eccentric recluse, their life doesn't seem to be the stuff of great drama (a recent biopic was called A Quiet Passion).
It sounds like this won't be a standard biography, however — Dickinson is being billed as a coming-of-age story with a modern sensibility and tone.
The series will be written and executive produced by Alena Smith, who previously wrote for The Affair and The Newsroom. And it will be directed and executive produced by David Gordon Green, best known for directing comedies like Pineapple Express and episodes of HBO's Vice Principals (though he's also directed non-comedic films like the recent biopic Stronger).
Dickinson joins a varied list of original series in development at Apple, ranging from a reboot of Steven Spielberg's Amazing Stories, to a Reese Witherspoon- and Jennifer Anniston-starring series set in the world of morning TV and an adaptation of Isaac Asimov's Foundation books. Apple reportedly plans to launch the first shows in this new lineup (presumably as part of a new subscription service) next March.
Inspirational readings and poetry will be interwoven with great choral music and contemporary songs in the Larimer Chorale's one-of-a-kind production of seasonal favorites on the evenings of December 15 and 16, both at 7:30 p.m,, at First United Methodist Church, 1005 Stover Street, Fort Collins. Join the Larimer Chorale and guest artists in a unique, surround-sound presentation of holiday pageantry and wonder, featuring glorious seasonal music and our signature candle-lighting vignette. Members of the audience will also have the opportunity to join in the singing of traditional carols. The perfect way to celebrate the holiday season! Tickets are $25; $15 for students and first responders; children 8 and under, free. Details and tickets at http://lctix.com/candlelight-christmas
I haven't used AOL Instant Messenger in years, but that doesn't mean that the announcement that it's being discontinued in December hasn't got me feeling like someone close to me just died.
See, if you're a Millennial, then AIM was life to you at a certain point. You have a lot of memories, especially the ones that you'd die to forget, all centered around that little yellow man attached to a dial-up connection. I know I do: I remember how excited I was to write “*David :-*” in my bio when I got the first boyfriend I was really, like, into in the eighth grade, and how devastated I was when they used the same app to break up with me a few months later. (Don't worry, things got easier when I later learned on another messaging app that he's gay, and now we're great friends. Hi, buddy!)
Oh, and then there was that time when everyone posted on their Away Messages that they were at Jessica's house, and that's how I realized that I hadn't been invited. I'll never forget when I found out that Kaitlyn was the one who convinced Jessica not to invite me, and how I took the low road by throwing my own little party at home and inviting everyone but them — and then convincing all my guests to add little inside jokes from our night in their bios so they would know that This. Was. War.
I'll never forget all of the times I sat on that computer in my parents' den talking to my crush, often saying “BRB” and throwing up an Away Message even though I wasn't going anywhere — just so, you know, I could have some time to come up with the perfect thing to say, and then he'd finally go from just liking me to liking-me-liking me. (He started dating my frenemy and is now married with two kids; it never worked out.)
The Away Message, you see, wasn't just a notice that you'd left the computer — it was an art form. For example: When I was talking to that boy, and hit them with that “BRB,” one of my favorite moves was to quickly put up an Away Message with some Weezer lyrics describing my own feelings through the vehicle of Weezer – I'm a lot like you, so please/Hello, I'm here/I'm waiting/I think I'd be good for you, and you'd be good for me — in time for it to pop up before they typed “K,” so they would see it and maybe figure out that it was about him, and also think it was cool that I liked Weezer like they did. I handle relationships a little differently now, but more maturely? I don't know.
Actually, on second thought . . . do I handle them differently? Do any of us? Living a life that's centered around AIM, after all, isn't really much different than the lives we're now living centered around social media. Just like I used to post Away Messages passive aggressively as a teenager, I can definitely admit that I've posted certain tweets or pictures in the hopes that a certain someone (or, more honestly, a certain ex-someone) would see them. You might call that pathetic, and you'd certainly be right, but I'd also call you a liar if you'd even dare to try and tell me that you've never done the same thing.
The game hasn't changed; neither have we.
It's stupid but it's true: Social media is a huge part of life, and for us Millennials, all of that began with AIM. Just like we as teenagers got excited to put *Day/Month/Year/Kissyface* to mark the official beginning of our high school relationships in our bios, many adults now make a big deal about making a relationship “Facebook Official.” My parents never understood why I wanted to leave my AIM on all day with an Away Message — “Other people have to use the computer, Katherine, and that thing is slowing it down!” “Well Lauren has their own computer, Dad! — but they never understood what the Away Message was really about. It wasn't about the app, it was about you needing everyone to know what you were away doing — and hopefully, that you were so cool because you were doing it. How is that any different from the motivation behind the status updates and Instagram stories that we're posting now? The answer: It isn't. The game hasn't changed; neither have we; the only difference is that now a lot of our parents are playing it too.
Speaking of parents, my dad always hated seeing me on AIM. He's convinced that the time I spent on it is the reason that I quit playing the oboe, and maybe he's right. In fact, I think he's still right. I spend a lot of time on Twitter, and I often wonder what I could accomplish if I didn't insist on wasting so many hours refreshing a screen full of comments I don't care about from people I don't know. As we come together to mourn the death of AIM, let's not forget to think about all the ways it's shaped us into who we are today — including some long, hard looks at how little we've really changed.
*Some names have been changed to protect the innocent and the not-so-innocent who I'm still sort of mad at. I'm looking at you, “Kaitlyn.”
READ MORE:
How to Break Silicon Valley's Anti-Free-Speech Monopoly
Smartphones Are Destroying My Generation
The Slacker Mandate and the Safety-Pin Generation
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter for National Review Online.
A Few Rays- Calculate how long your sunscreen lasts.
Calcluate your burn time with this SPF Formula Alice Gladwell Calcluate your burn time with this SPF Formula Alice Gladwell
by Indepthskincare today at 7:56 pmConfused by SPF's? It's easy to calculate how long you will be protected by using the following process.First estimate from your own experience how long it takes your unprotected skin to feel burnt. In the case of a person with very fair skin, this can be as little as 10 minutes in strong sun, where ‘unprotected skin' would suffer from pinking or mild burning. This is known as ‘burn time'.Using this formula: Substitute the value for your own estimated ‘burn time', and multiply by the SPF stated on your sunscreen packaging - and that is the duration of protection the product claims to offer.
In the above equation, a 10 minute burn time (fair skin) is extended to 300 minutes (five hours) by using an SPF 30 sun screen.
For serious outdoors and sports people, you will want to choose long lasting sunscreen that is capable of ‘maintaining an effective SPF' for the entire time you are exposed to sun. This is especially true for sailors in windy, wet and strong sun conditions.
To learn more. click here
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/154616
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JASON FARMER / STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Devon O'Keefe of West Pittston paints a lion July 29 during the ScrantonMade Arts on the Square festival at Courthouse Square in Scranton. Writers who participated in the event praise the community's support.
Security endangered
Editor: As a veteran I am concerned with the chaos our “commander in tweets ” creates with their childlike tweets. How can our military put faith in them when they continually tweet out ridiculous accusations and false information and questions advice from their generals? How can we believe what they say?
Many tweets are designed to deflect criticism of them and move people's thoughts in their direction. These diversionary tactics might work as the CEO of their company where they had absolute control, but it will not work with Congress and the media.
If President Donald Trump is to succeed and implement their policies, they need Congress and the media on their side. They will not succeed by proposing half-baked policies and insulting people and institutions that disagree with him. Executive orders do not stand the test of time. They are easily rescinded.
Trump believes all publicity, including negative publicity, is beneficial, but this doesn't work when you are president.
They sow chaos, doubt and confusion in the minds of the American public, our military and the world and endangers the security of our country and our status in the world. Mr. President, please get normal.
DONALD MOSKOWITZ
LONDONDERRY,
NEW HAMPSHIRE
ScrantonMade success
Editor: The fifth annual ScrantonMade Arts on the Square festival was a success due to the enthusiastic support of our local community, proving once again that Scranton and Northeast Pennsylvania support their own.
With vendors, art, music and food, thousands of people enjoyed spending the day in downtown Scranton. Many local businesses, including Backyard Alehouse, Duffy Accessories, NOTE Fragrances, On&On, AOS Metals and Electric City Escape chose to put up a tent and join in the festival. DaVinci's Pizza opened up on a day that they are usually closed, pulling tables outside for diners to enjoy. It was a great day to celebrate our vibrant community.
We thank everyone who attended, our vendors and local businesses, local arts organizations, as well as the Lackawanna County commissioners and staff, Mayor Bill Courtright and staff and the Scranton Police Department for the ongoing support for this festival. This event is a partnership between Lackawanna County and ScrantonMade.
ScrantonMade represents a movement of artists, makers and creative entrepreneurs who work to brand Scranton as “the city of arts and opportunity.” As more young people see it that way, they are more likely to stay in the area and contribute their talents to reshaping our city. It's an upward spiral. We hope to continue to grow this festival to bring in regional tourism where hotels are filled and people flock to Scranton to enjoy the arts, commerce and natural beauty of our region.
We are proud to be part of downtown Scranton's revitalization.
CHRISSY MANUEL,
CRISTIN POWERS
SCRANTONMADE,
SCRANTON
GUELPH — Police have laid 12 new charges against a practitioner of traditional Chinese medicine, accused last year of sexually assaulting several patients.
The Guelph Police Service says Sherman Lai, who also performed acupuncture, was charged with one count of sexual assault in October 2017.
Between November 2017 and April 2018, the 58-year-old was charged with 16 more counts of sexual assault, two counts of assault with a weapon, two counts of possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, and two counts of uttering death threats.
Police say Lai was charged on Tuesday with one additional count of sexual assault, six more counts of assault, one more count of assault with a weapon, three counts of uttering threats and one count of forcible confinement.
As MPs return to Westminster, leader of Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party Arlene Foster has touched down in London for talks with UK Prime Minister Theresa May. DUP support is needed to get the Queen's speech passed through Parliament. “We enter these talks in a positive fashion. euronews-en 5:59:00 AM CEST
These deals look great in your kitchen.
Instant Pot / Amazon
— Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. However, our picks and opinions are independent from USA Today's newsroom and any business incentives.
Life is a little crazy in the online shopping world right now. Amazon just announced that their annual Prime Day will be held Tuesday, July 16, which means we all can start preparing for 36 hours of incredible sales. I know I am. But if you don't want to wait two weeks to snag a sale, Amazon still offers great deals and price drops each and every day. Note that they may not be as great as the stuff we'll see on Prime Day, but they're still good deals if you have a shopping itch to scratch. Whether you're looking for a way to upgrade your kitchen or just want to treat yourself, these are great products at a great price.
1. An upgraded Instant Pot
Summer cooking made easy.
Instant Pot
In the summer, it can be tough to muster up the energy to heat up the oven to cook dinner. If you don't already have an Instant Pot, you need to get one for easy summer cooking. This handy kitchen gadget has all the functions of a pressure cooker, slow cooker, rice cooker, and more. Right now, the upgraded Instant Pot Ultra is at one of the lowest prices we've ever seen and is just $10 more than the most popular Instant Pot model. It even has a few more features that replace even more common appliances. The new central dial is really easy to use and it has new features like altitude adjustment, cooking indicator, and a steam release reset button to bring your Instant Pot cooking to the next level.
Get the Instant Pot Ultra for $109.99 and save $39.96
2. Our favorite affordable hair dryer
Get that summer salon blowout without the salon price.
Reviewed / Jackson Ruckar
Summertime is hot and you don't want to spend too much time styling your hair in extra heat. Believe me, you will get more sweaty and your style will not hold up, so you need a hair dryer that takes limited drying time. After testing all the leading hair dryers, this one from Revlon really wowed us—and it costs less than $20. We loved this model because of its impressive drying time compared to the other hair dryers we tried and it was one of the lightest. Right now, it's down to nearly its lowest price ever, making it hard to say no to upgrading your beauty routine.
Update: The sale price has changed from $3 off to just $1.30 off. But considering how much we like this hair dryer, it's still a good buy.
Get the Revlon 1875W Infrared Hair Dryer for $16.69 and save $1.30
3. A fast portable charger for extra juice
Charge your phone wherever you are.
Anker
While you're at the beach or at a summer concert, you don't want your phone to run out of battery. That's why you need a portable charger to juice up whenever you're in need. This one from Anker uses QuickCharge technology to power your devices 85% faster, can charge your iPhone up to nine times, and has three ports, so you can offer your friends some juice too.
Get the Anker PowerCore+ 26800 for $68.99 and save $18
4. An Echo Show for your kitchen
"Alexa, tell me about Amazon deals."
Reviewed / Jackson Ruckar
To get you excited about Prime Day, Amazon is offering $100 their Echo Show models. If you don't have an Amazon Prime membership already, you can try it for free for 30 days (hey, you're going to want one for Prime Day anyway). I love having the Echo Show in my kitchen because I can easily see recipes, set timers, sing along to lyrics, and get visual updates at a glance for news, weather, and more. This is one of the better discounts on an Echo Show that we've seen, which is all more the reason to get excited about the Prime Day deals to come.
Get the Echo Show for $129.99 and save $100
5. The best affordable fast wireless charging pad
See your notifications at a glance.
Reviewed / Michael Desjardin
If you're constantly plugging in your phone, you might want to make things easier by investing in a wireless charging pad. This wireless charging stand from Seneo is the best affordable one we've ever tested because although it's not the fastest wireless charging pad out there, it gets the job done for a low price. Plus, it's stand-up design makes it super easy to check on notifications at a glance. Right now, it's down to the lowest price we've ever seen.
Get the Seneo 3-Coil Wireless Qi Charger for $15.99 and save $6
Prices are accurate at the time this article was published, but may change over time.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
E_C.Seager (1), J.Turner (1), Mathis (1), Godley (1). DP_Los Angeles 3. LOB_Arizona 5, Los Angeles 8. 2B_Puig (1). 3B_C.Seager (1), Puig (1). HR_Pollock (1), J.Martinez (1), K.Marte (1), Mathis (1), J.Turner (1). S_Kershaw (1).
Chafin pitched to 1 batter in the 8th
Advertisement
WP_Godley.
Umpires_Home, Paul Nauert; First, Phil Cuzzi; Second, Gerry Davis; Third, Alan Porter.
T_3:37. A_54,707 (56,000).
As the nation recovers from yesterday's tragic violence caused by pro-nazi and white supremacist rallies that took place in Charlottesville, Va., Twitter users have been mobilizing to identify the participants in the weekend's events.
Since early Sunday morning, the @YesYoureRacist account has been calling on Twitter users to identify participants in the rally.
If you recognize any of the Nazis marching in #Charlottesville, send me their names/profiles and I'll make them famous #GoodNightAltRight pic.twitter.com/2tA9xliFVU — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
Other accounts (like @shaunking of the NY Daily News) quickly took up the cause and within several hours one of the participants in the rallies had been fired by their employer.
Identifying participants in a public rally by name does not violate Twitter's terms of service (something Jason Del Rey noted in a Recode article earlier today) . Twitter only suspends accounts if the poster includes private information like a phone number, social security number, or home address.
The rallies in Charlottesville, which brought together an assortment of neo-nazi, white supremacist, and “alt-right” organizations to protest the removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee ended in tragedy late Saturday afternoon when Heather Heyer, a resident of Charlottesville, Va., was struck and killed by a car driven by a participant in the white nationalist marches.
The police arrested James Alex Fields Jr., a resident of Maumee, Ohio, and charted them with second-degree murder for the attack.
The identification of participants in the white nationalist demonstrations have brought up the specter of doxing — when private information is released online to harass (or encourage the harassment of) a private citizen.
But, as Dave Weigel noted earlier today, the identification of participants in a public rally isn't doxing.
Attn trolls: It's not "doxxing" to identify people who appeared in public at a rally and have given media interviews about their beliefs. — Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) August 13, 2017
Weigel was referring to the identification of Peter Cvjetanovic, a University of Nevada, Reno, student who was identified by @YesYoureRacist and subsequently gave an interview to a local Reno television station.
This angry young man is Peter Cvjetanovic, a student at @unevadareno pic.twitter.com/7rLGJkcT3o — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
Cvetjnanovic participated in the protests, they said, because the removal of the statue was a symbol for “the slow replacement of white heritage within the United States and the people who fought and defended and built their homeland.”
Cvetjanovic also wanted people to know, “I'm not the angry racist they see in that photo.”
As the firing of Cole White indicates, the identification of participants in these protests has implications and not everyone online is comfortable with the outing of protestors (on both the right and the left).
It's also true that the Twitterati can make mistakes — which was the case when the conservative YouTube celebrity Joey Salads was accused of attending the rallies. Salads (not their real name) was actually vacationing in Jamaica.
Companies are well within their rights to fire people for their political beliefs, as this New York Times piece from 2015 outlines.
For private employees, who account for about 85 percent of the work force, the First Amendment's guarantee offers no protection from being fired for something you've said, either in the workplace or outside of it, as on social media. That's because the amendment addresses actions by the government to impede free speech, not by the private sector. And while federal laws bar employers from firing workers because of such variables as their race, religion and gender, there is no such protection for political affiliation or activity.
Even in states like New York and California, which have adopted laws that provide the most cover for political speech, people can be fired for expressing their views (in or out of the workplace).
As Times reporter Alina Tugend writes:
The broadest-based laws, such as those in California and New York, make it illegal to discriminate on the basis of an employees' political activity or beliefs in or out of work, Ms. Brantner said, unless such activity interferes with the functioning of the business.
Businesses can take a broad view on what kinds of activities interfere with the functioning of a business, and the law offers little protection.
It's that kind of legal backdrop that has made some commenters question the outing of the neo-nazi and white nationalist participants in the rallies in Charlotte.
The question seems to revolve around something that my colleague, Brian Heater, brought up earlier today.
The new generation of white nationalism seemingly does not see the need to hide behind hoods as their intellectual forebears may have done, because they do not think they will be held accountable for their views.
But there's no anonymity online these days, and anyone who acts in public can potentially face public scrutiny. The question is whether the people marching on a weekend are willing to have their views circulated in an office on Monday morning.
Featured Image: (Photo by Zach D Roberts/NurPhoto via Getty Images)/Getty Images
Gifts and balloons were placed near the mailbox of the home where a baby's desiccated remains were found in a piece of luggage during a drug raid. Twitter user @JoeGalliNews Twitter screenshot
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Monday rejected BlackBerry Ltd's (BB.TO) request to dismiss a lawsuit claiming it inflated its stock price and defrauded shareholders by painting a misleadingly positive picture of sales prospects for its BlackBerry 10 smartphones.
FILE PHOTO - A Blackberry sign is seen in front of their offices on the day of their annual general meeting for shareholders in Waterloo, Canada in this June 23, 2015. REUTERS/Mark Blinch/File photo
While an earlier version of the case was dismissed in March 2015, Chief Judge Colleen McMahon of the U.S. District Court in Manhattan said the proposed class action can proceed now.
They said new information about BlackBerry's alleged conduct had surfaced during the criminal prosecution of an executive at a retailer that sold its smartphones.
The judge also cited a new legal standard adopted by the U.S. Supreme Court that could make it easier for some plaintiffs to show that statements of opinion might be misleading.
Other defendants include former Chief Executive Thorsten Heins, former Chief Financial Officer Brian Bidulka and Chief Legal Officer Steve Zipperstein.
BlackBerry spokesperson Sarah McKinney declined to comment.
A lawyer for the defendants did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The BlackBerry 10 won positive reviews from critics, but never caught on with the public, which preferred Android-based phones and Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) iPhone. BlackBerry decided in 2016 to stop making its own smartphones.
Shareholders had accused BlackBerry of concealing BlackBerry 10's true sales prospects in public statements during 2013.
The amended complaint was based in part on information from the 2015 prosecution of James Dunham, a former chief operating officer at the retailer Wireless Zone.
That case revealed how an April 2013 report by Detwiler Fenton showing a high return rate for the BlackBerry 10 was based on data sold by Dunham from some 400 Wireless Zone stores.
Dunham pleaded guilty to selling confidential wireless industry information and was sentenced to five months in prison.
McMahon said the plaintiffs have made a “plausible showing” that BlackBerry's public response to the Detwiler report, including that customers were “satisfied” and return rates were “at or below our forecasts and right in line with the industry,” contradicted data it allegedly had from Wireless Zone.
They said they would address later the merits of BlackBerry's arguments that its statements were not misleading.
Catch up on stories from the past week (and beyond) at the Slashdot story archive
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Gayatri Sugars Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER NET PROFIT AFTER TAX 47.3 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS LOSS 26.6 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 689.9 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS 217.4 MILLION RUPEES YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Speaking at a summit in Dubai, Guterres said: “I believe they are the right person for the right job at the right moment... And I think it is a loss for the Libyan peace process and for the Libyan people that I am not able to appoint him.”
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos. left, shakes hands with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence during a joint press conference at the Presidential guest house Sunday in Cartagena, Colombia. (Photo: HO / AFP/Getty Images)
Cartagena, Colombia — Demonstrating the delicate balancing act that has come to define their vice presidency, Mike Pence tried to strike a balance Sunday in Colombia between Latin American opposition to possible U.S. military intervention in neighboring Venezuela, and President Donald Trump's surprising refusal to rule out that option.
Speaking during a joint news conference with Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos shortly after their arrival in Latin America, Pence also declined to rule out possible military action against Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro, whose efforts to consolidate power in the country have drawn alarm. Still, Pence stressed the U.S. would much prefer what they called a “peaceable” solution to the growing political and humanitarian crisis.
“President Trump is a leader who says what they mean and means what they say,” Pence said. “But the president sent me here to continue to marshal the unprecedented support of countries across Latin America to achieve by peaceable means the restoration of democracy in Venezuela, and we believe it is achievable by those means.”
Trump's startling comments Friday sparked backlash across the region, including from Venezuela's chief opposition coalition and the Colombian government.
Standing at Pence's side in Cartagena after a joint meeting, Santos said they had repeatedly told Pence in no uncertain terms that the U.S. must not even consider military action in response to Venezuela's crisis.
The two countries are important allies, Santos said. “But since friends have to tell each other the truth, I have told Vice President Pence that the possibility of a military intervention shouldn't even be considered, neither in Colombia nor in Latin America,” Santos said through a translator. “America is a continent of peace. It is the land of peace. Let us preserve it as such.”
Analysists said Trump's comments played into Maduro's hands by awakening dark memories of U.S. intervention in the region and making it harder for other Latin American countries to join the anti-Maduro coalition. “The phantom of military interventions in Latin America disappeared a long time ago, and we don't want it to return,” Santos said.
Pence emphasized the U.S. will work together with many nations in Venezuela's “neighborhood” to pressure Maduro so that Venezuela's democracy can be restored.
“We simply will not accept the emergence of a dictatorship in our hemisphere,” they said, continuing the tough talk that has been Trump's approach to Maduro. “The United States will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles,” they said.
Pence also addressed the deadly violence that broke out Saturday during a march by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia, using words the president would not. “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK,” Pence said. “These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
Trump has been criticized by both Democrats and Republicans for not singling out those groups directly in a lengthy Saturday statement and instead blaming “many sides” for the violence.
Pence insisted the president had “clearly and unambiguously condemned the bigotry, violence and hatred which took place on the streets of Charlottesville” and blamed the media for the criticism. “We should be putting the attention where it belongs, and that is on these extremist groups that need to be pushed out of the public debate entirely,” they said.
Pence also addressed the spike in coca production in the Colombia, saying the worsening crisis required “swift action to protect the people of both our countries.” A July report from the United Nations showed that coca production in Colombia had reached levels not seen in two decades, complicating Colombia's efforts to make its vast, lawless countryside more secure.
Pence and their wife, Karen, arrived Sunday in Colombia for a six-day, four-country trip through the region. Pence has other stops scheduled in Argentina, Chile and Panama, giving speeches and meeting with leaders.
White House officials tried Sunday to explain Trump's decision to raise the prospect of possible military action in Venezuela.
CIA Director Mike Pompeo said Trump was trying “to give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Pompeo told “Fox News Sunday” that Venezuela “could very much become a risk” to the U.S. if it descended into further chaos.
Yet a Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee who calls themselves “a pretty hawkish guy” expressed skepticism about the idea of American troops in Caracas.
“I have no idea why we would use military force in Venezuela. I'm open-minded to a reason, but at the end of the day, our military should be deployed when there's a national security interest that can be articulated to the American people,” South Carolina's Lindsey Graham told “'Fox News Sunday,” adding: “I don't see one in Venezuela in terms of the military force.”
Trump's national security adviser, who has previously warned against military talk, said the Trump administration wants to get a handle on the current situation under Maduro's embattled government and “understand better how this crisis might evolve.”
“The president never takes options off the table in any of these situations and what we owe them are options,” McMaster told ABC's “This Week.”
The U.S. has imposed sanctions against Maduro and more than two dozen current and former officials in response to a crackdown on opposition leaders and the recent election of a pro-government assembly given the job of rewriting the country's constitution.
Venezuela's chief opposition coalition issued a restrained criticism of Trump's talk of using a “military option.” The coalition rejected “the use of force or threats of applying the same in Venezuela on the part of any country.” But the coalition's statement didn't directly mention Trump's remarks.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uDb0HX
Report: World No. 1, Jason Day and Nike Golf announce multi-year contract
Jason Day and Nike Golf have entered into a multi-year apparel and footwear contract deal which will further bolster Nike's great line-up.
by Sameer Bahl News 02 Jan 2017, 15:06 IST
On the turn of the new year, Jason Day and Nike Golf announced that the Australian Golfer has signed a multi-year contract, thought to be worth up to $10 million a year, which will see them wear Nike footwear, apparel, headwear and gloves starting this week at the SBS Tournament of Champions at Kapalua in Maui, Hawaii.
Don't make a New Years resolution. #Justdoit @nike @swingoilofficial @lexususa @rolex @taylormadegolf @netjets A photo posted by Jason Day (@jasondayofficial) on Dec 31, 2016 at 9:00pm PST
“Joining Nike is a dream come true,” Jason Day said in the press release. “The brand is synonymous with the world's best athletes. I'm honored and can't wait to be part of the team and working closely with Nike to take my game, and the sport of golf, to even higher levels.”
Day announced the news on Instagram and Nike released several photos on their new threads. The No. 1 will continue to play TaylorMade golf clubs as Nike is now out of the equipment industry and after they re-signed with TaylorMade in September.
Also Read: Equipment: Rory McIlroy switches to Callaway woods and irons, Titleist ball and wedges, Odyssey putter
"Obviously, we're renewing with TaylorMade, and it's been -- I think I've been with them 10 years, since I turned professional. It's been amazing," Day said earlier at the 2016 Tour Championship. "To be able to renew and play the equipment and be successful with that equipment and know that equipment, I'm very excited about it.
Exact terms of the contract were not released by either parties. However, news about the deal leaked more than three months ago when ESPN's Darren Rovell first reported in September that Jason Day would switch from TayorMade-Adidas apparel and footwear, less than a week after which Nike Golf announced it's exit from the equipment industry.
Nike now has the two players of the world in Jason Day and Rory McIlroy on it's portfolio which also includes the likes of Paul Casey, Tiger Woods and Brooks Koepka. Throw in Kevin Chappell, Jamie Lovemark, Tony Finau, Patrick Rodgers and Nick Watney and it looks like Nike has a strategy in place for it's post-equipment phase in order to become the undisputed leader of the footwear and apparel industry once again.
Day is the first high-profile golfer to sign with Nike Golf since it decided to exit the Golf equipment industry and concentrate its efforts on apparel and footwear.
“We're thrilled to welcome Jason to the Nike Golf team and our family of athletes,” said Daric Ashford, president of Nike Golf, in the news release. “He's an incredible player who has demonstrated tremendous work ethic and amazing resilience over the course of their career. We're excited to help them chase more championships in the coming years.”
Jason Day is yet another high profile name to get on the books of Nike
Jason Day turned professional in 2006 and has since then racked up ten PGA Tour wins which includes their 2015 PGA Championship triumph.
In the 2015-2016 season, Day won three times with all the victories coming in a two-month hot stretch that included wins at the Arnold Palmer Invitational presented by Mastercard and World Golf Championships-Dell Match Play in back-to-back weeks, and finished up with a strong wire-to-wire performance at THE PLAYERS Championship.
Also Read: Most contentious moments of Golf in 2016
Nikita Zaitsev confirmed Monday morning that they will return to the Leafs' lineup for game three of the first round playoff series with the Washington Capitals.
“I'm excited, it's tough to watch games on TV. I feel good now, so we'll see how it goes,” Zaitsev said in the Leafs' dressing room following their morning skate.
Zaitsev has not played in the post-season and was sent to the sidelines with a head injury suffered during the last game of the season.
Their return is a boost for the Leafs, who lost veteran defenceman Roman Polak for the rest of the season with a suspected ankle injury in Game 2.
“It's a huge boost for him, a big opportunity, and losing (Polak), you feel bad for him, but it's nice to get Zaitsev back,” Leafs coach Mike Babcock said. “He's been a good player for us all year.”
Jordan Spieth has been installed as the favorite to win the 2018 Masters, according to the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook.
On Monday, Spieth opened as the favorite at 7-1 to win next year at Augusta National. Dustin Johnson is next at 8-1, followed by Rory McIlroy at 10-1. Jason Day, Rickie Fowler and Hideki Matsuyama are each 15-1, while a pair of 2017 major champions, Justin Thomas and Brooks Koepka, opened at 25-1.
Thomas, who won the PGA Championship over the weekend, received minimal betting support at the SuperBook. Their odds dipped from 30-1 to 35-1 before the tournament. Thomas closed with a 3-under 68 at Quail Hollow to win the 2017 PGA Championship on Sunday.
"We did well on Thomas," Westgate assistant manager Jeff Sherman told ESPN in an email.
More money was bet on Spieth to win the PGA Championship than any other golfer at the multiple Las Vegas sportsbooks. They finished in 28th at 2-over.
"Spieth is the most popular here," Sherman added. "At this time, I expect that to continue to the Masters where their record is top notch."
Spieth has finished 11th, second, first and second in their past four Masters appearances. Defending Masters champion Sergio Garcia is 30-1 to win next year's Masters, along with Adam Scott, Phil Mickelson and Paul Casey. Tiger Woods opened at 100-1 to win next year's Masters, which tees off on April 5.
0:46 Dozens rally after arrest of first ‘Dreamer' protected by Obama's DACA order Pause
1:59 Oroville evacuees given the green light to return home, evacuation warning remains
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
4:47 Former heroin addict talks about low point, rehab
1:03 Prescription drugs ─ the changing face of addiction
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
3:46 Video captures men robbing taxi driver at gunpoint
Kordell Stewart is still steaming mad about the sex tape of them that was leaked in December. The former NFL star previously said that they think their Real Housewives of Atlanta star ex-wife Porsha Williams might be behind the leak. Porsha denied having anything to do it but couldn't resist taking a few shots at their former husband when it came out. Now Kordell says that Porsha better shut their mouth or he's going to sue. According to TMZ, Kordell hs threatened to take legal action on Porsha if they don't stop trash talking him. The former Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback has long been plagued by rumors that they are secretly gay and Porsha has never been one to deny that they might be true. Porsha even took a few shots at their former baller hubby after their sex tape came out (that wasn't really a sex tape because there was no sex on it.) Apparently, Kordell went so far as to have their lawyers send a cease and desist letter to Porsha, demanding that they quit talking about them or else. They also requested that they get on Instagram and remove anything they said there to bash him. Keep stepping baby, when theirs a bump, pothole, or even an obstacle just keep stepping. They hate it when you're not bothered…. #Focused #CantStopWontStop #LetsGo #TRUTH #Kordellism A photo posted by Kordell Stewart aka “SLASH” (@kslash10) on Dec 27, 2016 at 3:38pm PST After Kordell's x-rated video surfaced, Porsha proclaimed their innocence and said they aren't behind the leak of Kordell's behind. The actual quote was even more inflammatory and was meant to make light of the gay rumors that Kordell just can't seem to shake no matter how many times they deny them. Porsha said they were not responsible for the video fo “Kordell ‘TOOTING' their derrière to the camera for the world to see.” Kordell Stewart gay rumors started years ago after a story broke that the NFL star was https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4t7-H9n0ugUcaught having sex with a “transvestite” in a public park in Pittsburgh. It turns out the story may not be true after all but that didn't stop it from really causing Kordell a lot of stress and possibly interfering with their football career. Radar Online reported that Kordell has finally been vindicated after someone finally looked into whether or not the story was even true. According to a representative for the City of Pittsburgh, there is no record of Kordell having been arrested for anything while they were playing for the Steelers there. That has to be a relief for Kordell, who has been battling the rumors for about 20 years now. The story of their late night park romp was revived around the time that they and Porsha Williams were divorcing. The Real Housewives of Atlanta star didn't confirm that their ex-husband was gay but they did say that they did their best to stay fit and look pretty but that Kordell just never seemed to be into them Kordell and Porsha have been at odds ever since the divorce. The Real Housewives of Atlanta star has been happy to insinuate that their ex-husband was hiding a gay secret for years since they split. Kordell filed for divorce from Porsha and they claim they didn't even see it coming. They also made claims that Kordell left them and then took everything they could, leaving them penniless. Naturally, Kordell fired back about Porsha's finances, claiming that their RHOA checks were more than enough to pay their bills. Despite having no prenup whatsoever according to TMZ, Kordell was able to end their marriage to Porsha without alimony or even splitting half their assets. Maybe that will be a lesson learned in case Porsha ever wants to get married again. ✨Full sew-in by @salon_sole using Peruvian Straight @gonakedhair ???????? Jacket: #Balmain Clutch:#bottegaveneta A photo posted by Porsha Dyanne Williams (@porsha4real) on Dec 30, 2016 at 8:57pm PST Kordell Stewart claims that their recently leaked sex tape was a private video that they made for a woman that they were seeing at the time. Of course, no woman has stepped forward to claim they were the recipient, further driving speculation about who might have been on the receiving end of the revealing video. Do you think Porsha Williams had something to do with the leak or did it come from someone else? Do you think Porsha Williams had something to do with the leak or did it come from someone else? Tell us how you think Kordell Stewart's embarrassing nude video found its way to the internet in the comments section below. [Featured Image byBrian Ach/AP Images for NFL]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
In this Dec. 11, 2017, frame grab made available by Russian Rossiya 24 TV Channel, Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses the troops at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria. (Photo: AP)
Moscow — Declaring a victory in Syria, Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation.
Putin's surprise visit marked their first trip to Syria, drawing a symbolic line under the campaign that has shored up President Bashar Assad's government. It was also the first visit by a foreign head of state to war-ravaged Syria since its bloodletting started nearly seven years ago.
Putin's brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while on route to Egypt came days after the Russian president declared their bid to run for re-election in the March 18 vote, helping encourage the feelings of pride about Russia's revived global clout and prestige.
It also followed the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army, with the help of Russian airstrikes, routed the Islamic State group in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the country's border with Iraq.
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base, the Russian leader hailed their “excellent” performance in Syria.
“You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier — courage, valor, team spirit, decisiveness and excellent skills,” said. “The Motherland is proud of you.”
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria at the end of September 2015, when Assad's government was teetering on the brink of collapse, and quickly changed the course of the conflict in their favor. Russian officials say troops in Syria were there mainly to fight “terrorists” including militants of the Islamic State group and al-Qaida affiliates, but they also heavily targeted other rebel factions opposed to Assad, allowing their troops to claw back significant territory over the past two years.
Putin has hosted Assad twice in the past six years, including a surprise Nov. 21 visit that Assad undertook to the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane at the air base, embracing and shaking hands with Assad. The two then visited a military operations room at the base.
The Hemeimeem base, located in a region that is the heartland of Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria.
“Here in Syria, far away from our borders, you helped the Syrian people to preserve their state and fend off attacks by terrorists,” Putin said, facing the troops lined up on the tarmac. “You have dealt a devastating blow to those who blatantly threatened our country. We will never forget about the victims who fell in the fight against terror both here and in Russia.”
In their speech, Putin also said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a “significant part” of the Russian contingent in Syria.
“Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you,” Putin said. “You are coming back home with victory!”
They added that “if the terrorists again raise their heads, we will deal such blows to them they have never seen.”
Putin, however, said the Russian military will maintain its presence at Hemeimeem and the naval facility in Tartus.
Gen. Sergei Surovikin, the Russian military commander in Syria, reported to Putin that the military will pull out 23 warplanes, two helicopter gunships, special forces units, military police and field engineers.
Surovikin said that the remaining forces will be sufficient to “successfully fulfill the tasks” to stabilize the situation in Syria. They wouldn't say how many troops and weapons would stay behind.
Syria has allowed Russia to use Hemeimeem air base indefinitely without cost. Moscow also has signed a deal with Syria to use the Tartus base for 49 years, which could be extended if both parties agree.
The Russian military plans to modernize the air base and expand its runways to allow it to host more warplanes. It also intends to expand the Tartus facility significantly to make it a full-scale naval base capable of hosting warships, including cruiser-sized vessels.
After seeing troops march to the tunes of military marches, Putin drove up to the Russian warplanes parked on the runway and talked to the pilots, who said they will fly back home later in the day.
Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for their troops' “effective contribution” to the fight against terrorism in Syria, which they said the Syrian people “will never forget.”
“Syria has been saved as a sovereign, independent state, refugees are coming home and conditions have been created for a political settlement under the United Nations' auspices,” Putin said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2BbR4SY
A final New York Yankees scouting report on Derek Jeter sold for $102,000 on Sunday night.
Heritage Auctions, which sold the original one-page report with two carbon copies, had an official estimate of $50,000, but admittedly didn't know a price threshold since there's not exactly a market for scouting reports.
"For unique one-of-a-kind items like this, the market is really strong," said Chris Ivy, director of sports collectibles for Heritage. "And the market is especially strong for Yankees items as they are the king of the sports memorabilia market."
Editor's Picks For Derek Jeter, facing fallout from the Giancarlo Stanton deal, it's a whole new ballgame The Captain delivered five championship banners in the Bronx, but by trading the Marlins' biggest superstar -- to the Yankees, of all teams -- Miami's new COO will be raising a different flag in South Beach in 2018: a white one.
At its sold price, it's one of the highest prices a Jeter item has commanded at auction. In comparison, Heritage sold a Jeter-used bat from the 1996 World Series for $155,350 in 2014. Heritage also sold Jeter's uniform from the second-to-last game they ever played in for $60,000 earlier this year.
The scouting report was written by scout Dick Groch in April 1992, when Jeter was a high school senior in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
Under the "summation and signability" section, Groch wrote "A Yankee! A five-tool player. Will be a ML All-Star! +5!!" Under comments, Groch wrote "Blue Chip" and "A Yankee."
The Yankees went on to draft Jeter with the sixth overall pick a few months later.
"People tell me you signed a good player," Groch wrote in a letter to the auction house. "No. I tell them I signed a franchise."
Jeter played their entire 20-year career with the Yankees, leading them to five World Series titles. The team retired their No. 2 jersey last season.
Other items that sold in the auction of Yankees memorabilia included Lou Gehrig's 1931 contract ($216,000), a game-used 1951 Mickey Mantle rookie bat ($168,000), a 1965 Mantle glove ($144,000) and 1926 and 1927 Yankees team-signed balls, which sold for $120,000 each.
AMMAN (Reuters) - The Syrian foreign ministry denied on Saturday U.S. allegations it had used chemical weapons against rebel-held Eastern Ghouta enclave near Damascus, saying the accusations were “lies” without evidence.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday the Syrian government had repeatedly used chlorine as a weapon. A day earlier, Washington said it was prepared to consider military action if necessary to deter chemical weapons attacks by the Syrian government.
LONDON (Reuters) - Metals group Liberty House will invest $1 billion to grow its business in India within the next three years, its chief executive said on Tuesday.
FILE PHOTO: Sanjeev Gupta, executive chairperson of Liberty House Group attends the completion of a 330 pound a million deals to buy Britain's last remaining Aluminium smelter in Fort William Lochaber Scotland, Britain December 19, 2016. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne/File Photo
“India is a huge market, it's a sleeping giant. We are very focused on growing our downstream footprint in India,” chief executive Douglas Dawson told Reuters on the sidelines of an aluminum conference in London.
Liberty House Group, which has been snapping up distressed steel and aluminum assets around the world, is currently the preferred bidder for auto component manufacturers Amite Auto India, the company said last month.
Amite Auto supplies major carmakers such as Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki and Ford.
Liberty House also made a binding offer in January for Rio Tint's (RIO.AX), ROI.L aluminum smelter in Dunkirk, France, the largest in Europe.
“What we are more focused on is growing our value-add assets,” Dawson said.
Rio Tinto said in a statement at the time that the offer was worth $500 million “subject to final adjustments' and it expected to complete the sale by the second quarter. [nL8N1P54RP]
In February, Liberty's owner Sanjeev Gupta said their company had no plans to slow its rapid pace of acquisitions over the coming year and could look to raise capital through debt or equity markets.
Dawson said the company was on track to list its steel assets by the end of the year.
Indonesian Catholics are fighting off the temptation becoming laid back in terms of their faith by becoming actively involved in their parishes.
Auckland Indonesian community president Budiharsana Lay, who is also with the Indonesian chaplaincy pastoral council, said there is a great difference between practising the faith here and in Indonesia.
“In Indonesia, we are a minority. When your faith is oppressed and there are a lot of challenges, your faith grows more. When we moved here, it's so quiet and stable, there are no challenges,” they said.
They said there are about 700 to 800 Indonesian Catholics, half of whom are registered with the chaplaincy. They said a number of them serve as eucharistic ministers while their children are encouraged to be altar servers.
Mr Lay was the team leader of the group that organised the celebration of the Indonesian Independence Day at the Target Primary School in Auckland on August 19, the Saturday after the actual Independence Day which was August 17.
Indonesian Community chaplain Fr Redemptus Jawa, CSSR, acting parish priest
of Glendowie, said theirs is an interesting community.
“Even though we all come from Indonesia, we come from different ethnicities and (each ethnicity) has their own local language. But we are bound together by the national language, Bahasa,” they explained. “That is why we organised this event to share with the community.”
Fr Jawa opened the ceremony with a special prayer. “We have faith in Jesus and we have love for our country as well,” they said.
They said one of the challenges they face as chaplain is to make sure that the young people in their community maintain their faith.
“Most of the young people are more familiar with English than Bahasa, so they prefer to go to English Mass,” they said.
“I don't know if they go to English Mass or like other young people, are keeping their distance from the Church and their faith. That's the great challenge for me, how to bring the Gospel that can touch the lives of young people today,” they said.
Mr Lay said the parents encourage their children to take active roles in the Church as well as join the youth groups.
They said they are also interested in having a joint intercultural activity with Catholics of other ethnicities.
“The Indonesian Catholic community is not as big as other ethnic Catholic community, like Chinese, Indian . . . but we try to connect to other communities,” Mr Lay said.
“In one faith, we can come together and build a stronger platform on how we can bring the Gospel to others.”
MARBELLA, Spain — Spain led Britain 2-1 in the Davis Cup World Group after Pablo Carreno-Busta and Feliciano Lopez beat Dominic Inglot and Jamie Murray 6-4, 6-4, 7-6 (4) in doubles on Saturday.
The Spanish pair forced 35 errors to win the match in just under 2 1/2 hours on the outdoor clay at Club de Tenis Puente Romano.
The teams, missing respective stars Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray, split Friday's singles.
By The Associated Press
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Elefirst Science & Technology Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT SIGNS MOU TO ACQUIRE 51 PERCENT STAKE IN BEIJING MEDIA FIRM FOR AT LEAST 450 MILLION YUAN ($67.98 million) Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2AIJdtj Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.6199 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Terrifying Sea of Molten Carbon Hiding Under Western U.S.
Geologists at the University of London's Department of Earth Sciences are reporting the discovery of a sea of molten carbon-based minerals underneath the western United States. The sea of carbon stretches across 695,000 square miles (1.8 million square km) and lies some 217 miles (350 km) below the surface of the Earth. The temperatures of this reservoir can reach up to 7,230°F (4,000°C), hot enough to melt carbon-based minerals known as carbonates, thought to be responsible for the conductivity of the Earth's mantle.
The discovery was made through an analysis of seismic activity collected by hundreds of sensors spread out throughout North America. The sea of molten carbon is thought to be created by the incredible heat and pressure created by the volatile tectonic region stretching across the Pacific region of North America where two massive plates meet. As the Pacific Plate is pushed under the North American plate, carbon dioxide and water in the plate cause minerals to melt, releasing the carbon inside.
University of London geologist Sash Hier-Majumder believes this sea of 100 million tons of molten carbonates could have dire implications for climate change if it isn't managed properly or some natural disaster were to release it into the atmosphere:
We might not think of the deep structure of the Earth as linked to climate change above us, but this discovery not only has implications for subterranean mapping but also for our future atmosphere. For example, releasing only 1% of this CO2 into the atmosphere will be the equivalent of burning 2.3 trillion barrels of oil.
Thus, with this discovery and others like it, the mechanisms of climate change become even more mysterious. While manmade activity is almost universally accepted as a catalyst driving climate change, there remain many unknown natural phenomena which could be having untold effects on our planet's climate. As long as the climate apocalypse (climepocaplypse?) waits to happen until after I binge season two of Stranger Things this Halloween night, I'll burn up and choke on carbon dioxide in the wake of worldwide volcanic super-eruptions a happy man.
CLAIM
A video shows a man riding a motorcycle over Lake Como.
Mostly True
RATING
Mostly True
WHAT'S TRUE
Luca Colombo rode a customized motorcycle across Lake Como in Italy.
WHAT'S FALSE
This was not a typical motorcycle; it had been modified for the task and was outfitted with special skis.
ORIGIN
On 18 April 2018, the Facebook page “What Did I Just Watch” shared a video purporting to show a man “defying physics” as they rode a motorcycle across the surface of Italy's Lake Como:
This guy is attempting to break a world record by riding their motorbike across the water surface! (Lake Como, Italy). By defying the rules of physics they try to ride from one coast to the other. While knowing it's an extremely hard task…. and dangerous too. But it doesn't stop this brave guy from giving it a shot! After revving their engine he's going as fast as they can to avoid sinking after speeding for a couple of minutes they make it to the other shore without falling in the water and they broke the world record! Let's watch it again…. A speedboat is following them to film their stunt and to make sure they don't get hurt. This is outstanding!
The video was presented as if it showed an ordinary motorcycle “defying the rules of physics,” and it is real, inasmuch as it was not tampered with or altered. The text accompanying this footage failed to mention, however, that this motorcycle had been outfitted with ski-like features enabling it to travel across the water.
Luca Colombo rode the customized Suzuki 450/4T across Lake Como in July 2017, covering just under 3.5 miles (around 5.6 kilometers) within five minutes. The motorcycle was outfitted with special skis around the front and rear tires which were also modified with fin-like rubber blades designed to help propel the motorcycle across the water's surface:
La Suzuki 450/4T è stata preparata da Carlo Gelmi, il “padre” della Yamaha R6E elettrica, e da Giorgio Lumini, tecnico motorista di numerosi campioni iridati. La moto è stata allestita con pattini nautici e una gomma dotata di pale speciali che le hanno fornito la spinta idrodinamica necessaria a far planare gli oltre 230 chilogrammi di stazza a pieno carico a una velocità di 30 nodi (60 km/h). The Suzuki 450/4T was prepared by Carlo Gelmi, the “father” of the Yamaha R6E electric, and by Giorgio Lumini, motor technician for many world champions. The bike was set up with water shoes and equipped with special blades that gave it the hydrodynamic thrust necessary to plan the more than 230 kilograms of full load at a speed of 30 knots (60 km/h).
Photographs from Colombo's Facebook, as well as that of their company, Hydro MX, provide a clear view of these modifications:
An Iowa State University study finds conservation may be contagious. Researchers found residents who were encouraged to save water also ended up saving on their electric bills, too.
ISU economics professor Gabriel Lade says they started out by working with utilities to send water reports to a select group of homes. “These reports provide simple information about your household's average daily water use,” Lade says. “It compares you to other households around you so you get a sense of whether you're a high or low water user, and it provides you with a lot of conservation tips.”
Residents who made an effort to conserve, based on the report, often managed to cut back on water use by as much as 5%.
“To put that into perspective, that's about the same as households reducing their shower times by about six minutes per day,” Lade says. “So, that's a pretty substantive decrease in water use.” Lade says they were encouraged, and a little surprised, to discover that households that cut water use by 5% also cut their electricity use by as much as 2%, even though the emphasis was only on water. Water and electricity conservation often go hand in hand, they say, like when you use a washing machine less, you'll also use the drier less.
“What we found is that the electricity savings we observed far exceed what you would expect to see if it were just coming from reductions in these appliances,” Lade says. “It looks like conservation begets conservation. Households started to turn off lights when they left a room.”
There's even a term for programs that encourage consumers to conserve one resource and they end up reducing the use of other resources — it's known as a “behavioral spillover.” Lade's conclusion is that when consumers are told about their water consumption rates, not only do they conserve that resource, they become more energy efficient, as well.
(Photo courtesy of ISU)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - KP INKASO WEC SA:
* SETS ISSUE PRICE FOR SERIES A4 SHARES AT 0.50 ZLOTY PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Preparations are underway at the Apex Church in Peterhead for this year's Carols by Candlelight services.
After last year's sell out performances, tickets for this weekend's two services sold out in record time.
The services have been a huge success
The services will take place at Apex Church on Sunday, December 17, at 5pm and 7.30pm.
Over 800 people from the local community will attend Carols by Candlelight to enjoy a Christmas celebration.
The event will not only feature traditional congregational singing of classic Christmas carols but also singers who will perform Christmas songs. The services will also include a creative production and a festive musical instrumental piece featuring local musicians.
At last year's carol service there was a full house and to keep up with demand the church has decided to once again go ahead with two services this year.
Senior Pastor Neil Cameron explained: "Last year's Carols by Candlelight was a tremendous success and it was great to see so many people from our community celebrating Christmas together.
“The service features a mix of a traditional carol service and contemporary expression of the Christmas story.
"Those who are taking part have been working hard to ensure this is the best Carols by Candlelight yet.”
During all of the Christmas services last year, a special offering was received for Peterhead Fishermen's Mission, which serves the local fishing community and their families with welfare support. As a result of the generosity of those who attended the services a cheque for £5,000 was presented to Peterhead Fishermen's Mission to help with the ongoing work of the local mission.
This year a special offering will be received for the ongoing work at Sefton Village, Philippines.
Sefton Village provides a children's home for orphaned children and an elementary school for local children in the Santiago area. Over the past few years, a strong relationship has been established between Apex Church and Sefton Village. Various mission teams from Apex Church have visited the village and supported the social and welfare work that is provided.
All tickets have now been claimed for both services and there is a substantial waiting list for both services.
Sally Pearson headed the list of Australian success stories at the world athletics championships in London.
REPORT CARD FROM THE AUSTRALIAN TEAM AT THE WORLD ATHLETICS CHAMPIONSHIPS
HITS
Sally Pearson - Brilliant win in the 100m hurdles. Once again, the star of the show.
Dani Stevens - Smashed the national record with their last throw of the discus final to secure silver.
Brooke Stratton - Overcame injuries to finish a very solid sixth in the long jump.
Kurtis Marschall - Still only 20 and with the world at their feet, having finished seventh in the pole vault.
Jess Trengove - Ninth place in the marathon was the best by an Australian woman in the event at a world titles.
Dane Bird-Smith - PB in the 20km walk was a big tick, but would love to have finished higher than sixth.
MISSES
Ryan Gregson - A year after becoming the first Australian man in 40 years to qualify for an Olympic 1500m final, they were eliminated in the opening round.
Fabrice Lapierre - A silver medallist two years ago in Rio but never looked like contending in London, despite scraping into the long jump final.
Kathryn Mitchell - Arrived in London touted as a medal chance, but flopped badly in javelin qualifying.
Ella Nelson - Way off the pace in the 200m heats, a year after going within one hundredth of a second of a spot in the Rio final.
Steve Solomon - The London Olympics finalist bowed out in the first round of the men's 400m.
In Nebraska, the only state in the Union with a unicameral (and officially non-partisan) legislature, there is a former GOP state legislator (the members of the unicameral legislature are called senators and that is what I will title their hitherto) named Senator Laura Ebke. Ebke actually comes from a political family – their father was a mayor and their mother was on the School Board of the same town (Fairbury NE) and their grandfather was also mayor of Fairbury and they got to run for the very seat their father was defeated trying for – senate district 32. Here is their campaign website.
Well, Senator Ebke did something I admire: They “switched” parties – from Republican to Libertarian. Now normally I think if you do that during your term, you should resign and then run in the special election for the new party – but all the senators in Nebraska are elected in a non-partisan manner. First an open jungle primary and a general election where the top two vie for election. That is how Senator Ebke won in 2014 (she is up again in 2018 and if they win, term limits bar them from running again!). So I will absolve them from the Sanders rule (actually it is the Phil Gramm rule when they switched from Dem to GOP as a member of Congress many years ago. Gramm quit, ran as a Republican and won the special election!)
Well, this Libertarian state legislator got this bill passed (I cite the WSJ article but it does have a paywall; Senator Ebke has it on their FB page, too) and it awaits the Governor's signature. Here is a description of it from Institute for Justice:
Sponsored by Sen. Laura Ebke, the bill (LB 299) would establish a review process that would use a two-step process to review existing regulations. First, there actually have to be “present, significant, and substantiated harms” that warrant government intervention. Second, if such a problem exists, the regulation must be the “least restrictive” form that imposes the lowest burdens and costs while still protecting consumers from harm. As part of the bill's rigorous “sunset review” process, every year, legislative standing committees would examine one-fifth of the state's occupational regulations to identify any rules or laws that should be repealed or modified so that they are the least restrictive.
WOW! I sure hope Governor Ricketts signs. (BTW, it passed 45-1!)
We need this type of reform in the Commonwealth and I am adding it to my “budget of heresies” to quote William Lloyd Garrison that we need to win elections!
It can be that if liberty-minded Republicans and Libertarians can get elected, things CAN happen. We can have more liberty. Hats off to Senator Ebke. In my next blog post, I will endorse them and encourage people to help them Which is a heresy that could get me in trouble…
About Elwood Sanders Elwood "Sandy" Sanders is a Hanover attorney who is an Appellate Procedure Consultant for Lantagne Legal Printing and has written ten scholarly legal articles. Sandy was also Virginia's first Appellate Defender and also helped bring curling in VA! (None of these titles imply any endorsement of Sanders' views)
Share this: Facebook
Google
Twitter
LinkedIn
Print
Pinterest
Tumblr
More
Reddit
Pro Kabaddi League Season 6: 5 things to know about Monu Goyat, the costliest player in PKL history
Learn more about Monu Goyat, the historical buy in the Pro Kabaddi League Season 6 Auction.
Gaurav Kadam ANALYST Feature 31 May 2018, 01:25 IST 86 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Monu Goyat was bought by the Haryana Steelers for a mammoth INR 1.51 Crores
Pro Kabaddi League Season 6 begins in October this year but the first bit of action from the league has already begun and it has been an incredible start at that. The first day of the Pro Kabaddi League Season 6 auction took place in the city of Mumbai on 30th May. A total of 83 players went under the hammer which included the overseas players and the top Indian players. The twelve franchises in the Pro Kabaddi League got an opportunity to fill up their ranks with the best of the talent pool available from all across India and the world.
The biggest buy that emerged was former Patna Pirates raider Monu Goyat who was bought by the JSW-owned franchise Haryana Steelers for a record-breaking sum of 1.51 crores, becoming the most expensive player in Pro Kabaddi League history. The Steelers stowed off competition during the bidding war from Dabang Delhi KC and former PKL champions U Mumba to land Goyat amidst loud applause from the people present at the auction hall.
We take a look at some of the things that Kabaddi fans should know about the star raider for the Haryana Steelers ahead of the Pro Kabaddi League Season 6.
1. Monu Goyat started playing Kabaddi at a very young age
Monu started playing Kabaddi after getting inspiration from their uncle at a young age of 5 years. They were always more interested in playing Kabaddi than the studies in school. Their family encouraged them to play the sport and as a result, they decided to pursue their passion for Kabaddi with more intent.
2. Monu missed out on the earlier seasons of the Pro Kabaddi League due to their job
Monu is employed by the Services and has been representing the Services Sports Control Board for many years in Kabaddi. During the first three seasons of the PKL, players from the Services team were not allowed in the PKL Auction and as a result, Monu was not able to participate in the league.
3. Bengal Warriors was their first team in the Pro Kabaddi League
After the embargo on the players from the Services team was lifted, Monu Goyat entered the Season 4 auction. They were bought by the Bengal Warriors franchise and formed a formidable raiding partnership with South Korean raider Jang Kun Lee. Monu managed to score a total of 59 raid points in the 13 matches that they played for the franchise.
4. Last season was the breakout season for Monu
After they impressed as the supporting raider for Jang Kun Lee, Patna Pirates decided to take them onboard in the Season 5 of the PKL. This decision proved to be a fruitful one as Monu went on to form the deadliest raiding partnership in the league alongside Pardeep Narwal. Monu managed to score 191 raid points as a secondary raider, which is a highly impressive feat thus building the foundation for their mammoth bid this year.
5. Goyat led Services to Federation Cup glory earlier this year
Monu Goyat was part of the Services team that was defeated in the Senior National Championships this year in January. However, Monu redeemed themselves and the Services when he, along with Pardeep Narwal lead the Services to glory in the final of the Senior Federation Cup. The duo led the side with their impressive raiding to put behind the loss in the Senior National Championship and win the Federation Cup that was held in Mumbai.
Monu Goyat beat the record from last year by a huge margin when Nitin Tomar was acquired by the UP Yoddha for 93 Lakhs. This year, there were 5 players before Monu who broke this record held by Tomar but they surpassed them all breaching the 1.5 Crores mark as the auction reached its final stages. Telugu Titans' Rahul Chaudhari, Puneri Paltan's Nitin Tomar, Jaipur Pink Panther's Deepak Niwas Hooda, UP Yoddha's Rishank Devadiga and Iranian defender Fazel Atrachali, who was snapped up by U Mumba, were the other players who went for 1 crore or more on the first day of the auction leaving Kabaddi fans all over the world in sheer delight.
Monu Goyat has been elevated from the position of a supporting raider to the lead raider by the Haryana Steelers and the big price tag surely brings more pressure onto the shoulders of the young raider. They have never been in the role of the lead raider for a team and shone as the supporting raider. However, it is evident from their game so far in two seasons that they are capable of handling the pressure and churning out the results in critical situations, which is what will be expected from them come October this year.
Aren't you excited about the PKL? What are your thoughts on the auction? Let us know in the comments section below!
Staff Reporter
Karachi
State Bank of Pakistan, through its subsidiary SBP Banking Services Corporation (SBP BSC) has relaunched the SMS service for issuance of fresh currency notes to the general public. The fresh currency notes will be available from designated commercial bank branches called “e-branches” and the sixteen field offices of SBP BSC. It may be noted that the branch ID for e-branch is different from the existing branch/SWIFT code of banks. The issuance of fresh currency through mobile SMS service will commence from 1st June and continue till 14th June, 2018. The service will be provided through 1535 e-branches in 132 cities across Pakistan to ensure maximum geographical coverage. The charges for the service are Rs. 1.50/- plus tax, per SMS.
The branch IDs of designated e-branches are available at SBP website http://www.sbp.org.pk, PBA website http://www.pakistanbanks.org, commercial banks websites and will also be displayed prominently outside designated e-branches. Under this facility, a person may send an SMS message comprising his/her 13 digits CNIC/Smart card number along with the desired e-branch ID [e.g. 3130205839863(space)KHI005] to short code 8877.
In return, the person will receive an SMS containing redemption code, e-branch address and the code validity period. Redemption code received by the customer will be valid for two (02) working days as per the mentioned dates in the SMS. The customer may then approach the concerned e-branch along with his/her original CNIC/Smart card, a photocopy of the CNIC/Smart card and transaction code received from 8877 to obtain fresh currency notes. An individual can obtain three (03) packets of Rs.10/- and one (01) packet each of Rs. 50/- & Rs. 100/- as per availability of stock.
It is also notified that each CNIC/Smart card number or mobile phone number can only be used once. No transaction code will be issued to the sender in case he/she sends the same CNIC/Smart card number from different mobile numbers or sends different CNIC/Smart card numbers from same mobile number during the service. For any queries/complaints, the general public may contact the SBP BSC helpdesk at UAN (021) 111-008-877. The helpdesk facility will only be available during office hours.
Minister of Transport ,Rotimi Amaechi is seeking a payment of N500,000,000 (Five Hundred Million ) Naira as compensation from former Aviation Minister Femi Fani Kayode over alleged defamation of character on their recent online publication linking the former Rivers State Governor to the seized $43m recovered at Ikoyi Lagos.In addition ,he has given the former Minister a seven day ultimatum to formally publish an apology in five national newspapers retracting the story.This was contained in a letter written to the ex Minister by Amaechi's counsel Lateef Fagbemi SAN.In the same breadth ,Amaechi has also demanded a sum of N750,000,000 (Seven Hundred and Fifty Million ) Naira as compensation from the SA New Media to Governor Ayodele Fayose,Lere Olayinka over same publication.Lere is also expected to publish an unreserved apology to Amaechi in five National Newspapers within seven days or risk litigation.Amaechi in the letter a copy which was sent to CKN News denied ownership of the money as well as the building.He also went further to deny having any amorous relationship with Ms Mo Abudu .According to him,"i am not the owner of the building ,neither do i have any property anywhere in Lagos.I am a responsible man that believes in one man ,one wife.I don't have a girlfriend.The letter stated that should both individuals failed to honour the request of Amaechi,the law firm would have no other option than to institute action against them.
While it's not clear when the record was first created, Khadr's Canadian lawyers call it bizarre. For one thing, they note there's no such thing as a Guantanamo Bay youth court.
Instead, the document states only that they were convicted at “Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (Youth Court).” It makes no reference anywhere to the United States or the commission.
The record, obtained by The Canadian Press, makes no reference to the fact that Khadr, 30, was convicted by an internationally condemned U.S. military commission for purported offences they committed as a 15-year-old in Afghanistan.
Omar Khadr's official criminal record in Canada contains oddities and errors that are at odds with how the federal government viewed them on their return from the notorious prison on the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
However, despite the document, the Canadian government argued strenuously for years against treating Khadr as a young offender — placing him, for example, in a series of maximum security adult prisons on their return to Canada in September 2012.
Additionally, the lawyers say, the record appears to formalize the fact that Khadr was convicted as a youth for alleged crimes that occurred in a war zone, which would make them a child soldier — a label the government has also always avoided.
Dennis Edney, one of Khadr's lawyers, who was initially unaware of the document, expressed profound surprise at its contents.
“There's not such a being as a criminal youth court in Guantanamo,” Edney said from Edmonton. “Why would you do that? Internationally, the place was condemned because it didn't distinguish between Omar being a child and Omar being an adult.”
The Americans captured the horrifically wounded Khadr in the rubble of a bombed-out compound in Afghanistan in July 2002 following a fierce firefight that left an American special forces soldier dead and another partly blinded.
In October 2010, the Canadian citizen pleaded guilty to five war crimes before a military commission at Guantanamo Bay, and was handed an eight-year sentence. The Toronto-born Khadr, who has long maintained the Americans tortured them during their lengthy captivity, later said they only pleaded guilty so they could return to Canada.
Edney said it's important people understand the context of the convictions — something sorely lacking in the official record.
“It shows absolute ignorance. It misstates itself in a very fundamental way,” Edney said. “It shows no understanding of what Guantanamo is (and) demands an explanation as to why it is so described.”
The RCMP document also erroneously states that Khadr was sentenced to five concurrent eight-year terms for each of their five charges, In fact, Canadian courts have ruled Khadr was handed a single eight-year sentence on all counts.
Co-counsel Nate Whitling, who also had not seen the document, called it unsurprising Khadr has a record in Canada given their transfer here to serve out their sentence. But Whitling still called it “weird.” They noted there's no such thing as a concurrent sentence at Guantanamo Bay, and suggested Canadian authorities had “tried to fit a square peg into a round hole.”
Khadr's lawyers say their conviction record should not enjoy legal recognition in Canada given that it has no reference to a legitimate court in a foreign country but arises out of military commissions that were set up to avoid U.S. constitutional scrutiny. Still, the criminal record could have an impact on Khadr, who hopes to study nursing, when they apply in the future for employment.
Barney Brucker, the Justice Department's lead lawyer on the Khadr file, did not respond to a request for information. Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale was not immediately available to comment on Monday.
Khadr was granted bail in Alberta in 2015 pending an ongoing appeal of their U.S. conviction — a process that will likely take several more years at least. The appeal rests on the fact that they were convicted for acts that were not crimes at the time they did them.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MO - This fall, Fox 2 News has the unique opportunity to follow a class of recruits through the St. Louis County and Municipal Police Academy. We'll learn about the testing and training these men and women go through to prepare them to serve and protect the community.
Recruit Trevor Green comes from a family of police officers. Green's grandfather, father and brother have all worn blue. Green's father was a St. Louis City police officer when I was young.
Still, Green's mother, Toni Williams-Green, said they never expected the youngest of their four children to follow in their footsteps.
"To be quite honest, I was shocked when Trevor said that they wanted to serve as a police officer," they said.
Green was born and raised in north St. Louis County. As a kid, they were a big fan of Harry Potter books and had no interest being in the spotlight.
"(His grandmother) dragged them to choir rehearsal," said Sallie duMaine, family friend and Minister of Music at Green's church. "He didn't really want to sing in choir, but they stuck with it and has become really good at it."
Green also blossomed as an athlete, playing volleyball and running track while a student at Christian Brothers College High School.
Green attended college in Maryland where they studied political science and history. They were there in the fall of 2014 when they watched the community they grew up in make national headlines.
"When Ferguson happened, I feel like everything got turned upside down," Green said.
A family that had always backed the blue now seeing things in a different light. Green said it was the first time their parents had to talk to them about what to do if they were ever pulled over by a police officer. The discussion included telling Green to keep their hands on the steering wheel where officers could see them and show respect to officers.
"I never had those conversations with my kids because we never feared the police. They'd always been our friends," Toni said. "But after Ferguson happened, you realize there are some people that just should not be police officers."
Green grew frustrated as people on the east coast made assumptions about the place they called home. Green said news coverage of the events in Ferguson portrayed the community as a "lawless state" where riots, attacks and police violence are commonplace.
After college, Green returned to north St. Louis County and began working in the non-profit sector with children.
Green said he's never held a gun and was "anti-gun" growing up. Their background is quite different than some others in their academy class who have trained in the military.
"I've never had that experience so there are times that I do get overwhelmed. There are times I think, 'Can you do this?'"
Green may have their doubts, but there is no doubt the people close to them think they are just the kind of officer their community needs.
"We need officers who are stopping you because they care," said duMaine. "I think that's the only way it's going to change is that you understand that you have people who care about your community."
Green hopes the community will relate to their background and experiences and see them as a leader they can depend on.
To see more on Fox 2's exclusive look inside the St. Louis County and Municipal Police Academy, visit http://www.fox2now.com/academy.
If you thought the Queen wasn't a fan of their grandson Prince Harry's relationship with Meghan Markle, think again. Them Majesty has a never-before-seen portrait of the couple displayed on a table in their living room in Buckingham Palace, proving she's a proud and supportive grandma.
Hello pointed out the portrait in the background of the Queen's photo with Honorable George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the U.K., which was taken during their private audience today. It seems the framed picture of the newlyweds is placed next to other family photos on a small table.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
AP
In the shot, the Duke of Sussex poses in a navy suit, while the Duchess, dressed in a pale blue dress, smiles beside them with their hand on their chest. The details are blurry from a distance, but it looks like the couple posed in a regal-looking setting, perhaps a room in Buckingham or Kensington palaces.
Hello purports that the picture could have been an outtake from Harry and Meghan's engagement photo shoot at Frogmore House in December. Only three photos were publicly released from the shoot, but it's possible a few extras were given to the royal family.
AP
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Queen now also has a portrait with Meghan, thanks to the official photographs from the royal wedding, shot by Alexi Lubomirski. Them Majesty, other members of the royal family, the bridal party, and Markle's mother Doria Ragland all posed with the newlyweds in the group shot.
We wonder where these are displayed in the palace. (But more importantly, we wonder if the Queen has a picture of Meghan's dog, Guy, hanging somewhere too.)
The crew of the Coast Guard Cutter Tampa, a 270-foot Medium Endurance Cutter based out of Portsmouth, Va., offloads nearly two tons of cocaine Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in St. Petersburg, Florida. While patrolling the Caribbean Sea in support of Operation Unified Resolve and Operation Martillo, approximately 1,580 kgs of cocaine were seized by the U.S. Coast Guard and partner nation crews between Dec. 20-22, 2017.
Xbox's revamped, inclusive avatars will let players really reflect who they are New avatar system will launch on Windows 10 this autumn, with Xbox One devices to follow
James Batchelor UK Editor Thursday 15th June 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Xbox
Microsoft has shown off the new look for its avatar characters, including a noticeable focus on diversity.
A trailer shown during the Xbox Daily livestream depicted the redesigned art style for the avatars, with examples including a woman in a wheelchair, a footballer with a prosthetic leg and a pregnant lady.
Discussing the new system on stage, interaction designer Kathryn Storm said: "Our new avatars are built with inclusivity absolutely in mind with more options. We want people to feel we have endless options to really reflect who they are."
Lead product manager Bryan Saftler added: "Avatars are meant for whatever you want your digital self to represent. We don't want to put you in a box, there are no more checkboxes."
This ethos extends to the virtual clothing and accessories users will be able to equip. Previously the options available to you were tied to the gender of your avatar, but now players will be able to dress their digital selves in whatever they choose - for example, male avatars can now wear dresses.
Storm summarised this by emphasising: "If you can see it in the store, you can wear it."
The new avatar system has been built in Unity - something Microsoft says gives it more flexibility - with Saftler reiterating that it has been "designed to let you represent your best self on Xbox Live."
Revamped avatars will be made available on Windows 10 this autumn, following "eventually" by an update for the Xbox One family of devices.
Microsoft promised earlier this year that Xbox users will have the option to access wheelchairs for their avatars, but it appears the firm has gone even further in its push for inclusivity.
It's an encouraging sign, one matched by Feminist Frequency's revelation that there were more multi-gender options in E3 games this year than ever before.
You can check out the trailer and interview here.
Two North Carolina TV journalists died Monday while they were reporting on heavy storms in the Polk County area. A tree fell on their SUV just minutes after they finished interviewing fire department officials.
Mike McCormick, a news anchor for WYFF News 4 and Aaron Smeltzer, a photojournalist for the station, were reporting from Highway 176 when the accident occurred.
McCormick had been working at WYFF since 2007 and was named anchor in 2014. Virginia native Smeltzer worked as a photographer in the station's Spartanburg bureau and had just joined WYFF in February.
The duo were reporting on Subtropical Storm Alberto, which hit the Florida Panhandle Monday, resulting in heavy rain throughout much of the Southeast. A flash flood watch in the region is expected to remain in effect through Thursday.
“The ground is saturated. It was a large tree,” said Geoffrey M. Tennant of the Tryon Fire Deparment, who indicated that the vehicle had been moving at the time. “It was a freak of nature,” they said.
The station released a statement, saying, “All of us at WYFF News 4 are grieving. We are a family and we thank you, our extended family, for your comfort as we mourn and as we seek to comfort the families of Mike and Aaron.”
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) leader, candidate for NA-54, Asad Umar said that corrupt politicians and rulers tainted the image of the country while upcoming general elections are decisive for nation's fate.
Addressing a public gathering here at F-11 Markaz, they said that people are facing severe water, electricity shortage, economic crisis and other pressing issues and the former government basked in the glory of their so-called development in the country.
They said no economic expertise is required to understand the current economic scenario where no sustainable improvement can be seen. They believed that the current social setup depicts a state of lawlessness in the country where the principle of might is right holds water adding sectarian violence established its roots in the society due to the flaw of institutions enforcing law.
Asad Umar said the general elections 2018 were not important for their successful contest rather Imran Khan to finish the status quo in the country. They claimed that no corruption and nepotism allegations were charged against PTI government in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) and Imran Khan while a budget of Rs 2,000 billion was spent by the KPK government.
They vowed to their electorate to redress all their grievances regarding development in their constituency which was ignored by their former representatives.
Speaking on the occasion, President Al Hussain Trust Allama Syed Zafar Abbas Kazmi assured Asad Umar for their complete support in the forthcoming general elections 2018.
They said our country required sincere leadership in the current scenario to end its crisis and expressed that Asad Umar would not only play their role to resolve local rather national issues. They also fastened ‘Imam Zamin' on Asad Umar's arm for their success in the 2018 general elections.
Islamabad
Cloudy weather conditions are expected in most upper and central parts of the country while, dust-thunderstorm-rain with gusty winds is likely at scattered places in Balochistan, Punjab, Khaber Pakhunkhwa, FATA, federal capital, Gilgit-Baltistan and Kashmir during next 24 hours.
Rainfall is likely in Balochistan at Quetta, Zhob, in Punjab at D.G. Khan, Multan, Rawalpindi, in Khaber Pakhunkhwa at Malakand, Hazara, Peshawar, Bannu, D.I. Khan divisions, FATA, Islamabad while at isolated places in Kalat, Sahiwal, Bahawalpur, Faisalabad, Sargodha, Lahore, Mardan, Kohat divisions, Gilgit-Baltistan and Kashmir during this time span.
A westerly wave is present along western parts of the country and likely to enter central and upper parts of the country on Monday (night) and may persist upper parts of the country till Wednesday afternoon, an official of Met office told APP.—APP
The Labor Department says the unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the lowest level since February 2001. (Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP)
Washington — The U.S. lost 33,000 jobs in September after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma hit Texas, Florida and other Southeastern states. It was the first decline in six years.
The Labor Department says the unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the lowest level since February 2001.
Looking past the hurricanes' impact, the job market and economy generally look healthy. Some economists expect job growth to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in a restaurants and bars, which shed 105,000 jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2xYnf4e
A man lays a flower at a memorial along Yonge Street, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Toronto, the day after a driver drove a van down sidewalks, striking and killing numerous pedestrians in their path. The Canadian Press via AP Nathan Denette
“Not only will this further cement our position as the number one sulphur exporter, it will also make us the largest producer of sulphur in the world,” they added.
The company is also planning to enter into partnerships in markets importing its sulphur to manufacture phosphate based fertilisers in Africa, Asia, South America and Australia. “Our partners will enjoy a reliable supply of competitively priced sulphur, backed by robust infrastructure and logistical networks. This will enable Adnoc to easily respond to market conditions, quickly and efficiently.” Improve margins Adnoc believes sulphur is a commercially viable commodity that offers the company opportunities to create added value from its resources and improve margins. “In the lower for longer oil price environment, it is imperative to effectively manage costs and seize value opportunities where they arise,” Al Suwaidi said. “It is about unlocking the full potential of every single asset and maximising returns for Abu Dhabi, Adnoc and the nation. A by-product of oil and gas industry, sulphur is widely used in agriculture as a fertiliser and also in the construction and in the industrial sector. In the UAE, sulphur is produced at Habshan and Shah fields in the western region of Abu Dhabi. Adnoc is planning to expand the Shah gasfield to increase the sour gas processing by fifty per cent of the existing capacity of one billion cubic feet per day. Al Suwaidi said the expansion of sulphur processing capabilities opens up new business possibilities for Adnoc to capitalise on. “In addition to expanding our exports of sulphur we will support the development of a local sulphur products industry. This will not only generate additional revenue, it will also contribute to the UAE's strategic objective of diversifying the nation's economy.” According to Dr Peter Harrison, a sulphur expert, the UAE is expected to become the biggest exporter of sulphur in the world by 2020. “According to current forecasts, the UAE will continue to see supply growth throughout the next year with the region becoming an increasingly important origin for sulphur supply in the global market.” The total production of sulphur in the world is estimated to be about sixty million tonnes, Dr Harrison said at the conference. More from Energy Dana Gas gets $121m in settlement against KRG
Saudi Arabia cut output by most in 8 Years
Analysts predict high Opec members' compliance
Tabreed eyes further Gulf expansion
FOX NEWS:
Less than a month after federal immigration officials raided nearly 100 7-Eleven stores nationwide, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents conducted another sweep this week in Northern California, officials said Thursday.
This time, ICE agents searched 77 businesses in the San Francisco and Sacramento areas in what was believed to be the largest localized raid since President Donald Trump took office, the San Francisco Chronicle reported.
The raid underscores ICE acting director Thomas Homan's call for a “400 percent increase” in agency operations focusing on workplaces, the paper reported.
Sometimes your VR time is limited, so here are some games you can play in those 20 minutes gaps.
We all know that the greatest fun to be had in the PlayStation VR is from those epic AAA titles that stretch out infinitely ahead of us, vast games like Skyrim and Star Trek that takes hours to complete, but they are not the only fun to be had. Many times I find myself with fifteen to twenty minutes of free time and all I need is some VR fun to fill the time.
I've compiled a list of games that while not necessarily beatable in 20 minutes, can certainly be enjoyed for 20 minutes stints. Mindless fun, short levels and lots of replay value are whats on offer here.
Eagle Flight
Eagle Flight is one of the more unique games to come to PSVR. You take on the persona of a young Eagle chick, or Eaglet to use the proper name, living in post-apocalyptic Paris, and learning to fly for the first time. the world around you has been reclaimed by Mother Nature and it looks like the animals that lived in the zoo, elephants, zebra, giraffes, and wolves, have flourished in a world without people.
Graphically this game is breathtaking. Flying around with a literal birds-eye view of a city destroyed by neglect is a visual treat, while the assorted trials and challenges the game throws your way only heightens the splendor around you. If like me, you are lucky enough to have spent some time in Paris it's really enjoyable to be able to pick out spots and places you have seen in real life.
What makes Eagle Flight a twenty minute game is the nature of the challenges. Each one is its own little chapter so It's very easy to do one or two then walk away. The alternative is even better, just fly! You can enter free fly mode and for twenty minutes you can just soar around Paris and soak in the sights. Go chase vultures, or follow the elephant march, it's up to you, and the relaxing atmosphere is perfect after a long day.
Buy Eagle Flight on Amazon
Dick Wilde
From the majestic Eagle Flight, we take a sharp turn to the rather ludicrous. Dick Wilde is essentially a First Person tower defence game, waves of enemies doing their best to eat you up while you fend them off with assorted weapons. Dick Wilde is a silly, frivolous, fun little game that is engaging from the start.
You star as the eponymous Dick Wilde, a hunter out in the southern wilderness, taming the crazy animals that come your way with a large range of homemade weapons. From nailguns to sniper rifles, your choice of weapons is one of the better parts of this game, and you can even use the AIM controller too! The AIM controller is one of the best accessories for any VR. The addition of it makes playing any first-person game so much more immersive and if you don't own one I really do recommend picking one up.
Because of the tower defense style of Dick Wilde playing for just 20 minutes is super easy, just pick it up, choose a weapon, a keep playing against the waves. I promise, lasting more than 20 minutes is a real challenge so it should be a perfect little time waster. One interesting thing Dick Wilde does have is a "party mode", you can swap the headset with friends and try to beat all others score, an idea so gross no one should ever do it. You should always clean your PSVR before sharing. But the party mode is somewhat unique so deserve a special mention.
Buy Dick Wilde on Playstation Buy the AIM Controller at Best Buy
Dead Hungry
Dead Hungry is very similar to Dick Wilde, in that it is a frantic, wave-based game where the enemies are relentlessly attacking you and all you can do is react to survive. Of course Dead Hungry has the most absurd premise of any game ever, but that's why we love it. Zombies have taken over and the only way to save everyone is to feed them from your burger truck! Yeah, I know it's dumb but it's still super fun!
Using the motion controllers you have to pick up the ingredients of the burgers and cook, then assemble them into burgers to throw at the zombies, thus curing them of them zombieism, and proving that zombies are simply a metaphor for western civilizations greed and hunger for material things. Sorry I got a little deep there. Dead hungry Hungry has some really fun mechanics, like using soda to slow the zombies down and deep frying shrimp for a short fix to hold them at bay, that breaks the action up, and lets you get creative.
Like the previous game, Dead Hungry is great for short game times as it a huge story arc or have huge challenges. It takes about fifteen minutes to get through each wave set which is pretty much perfect for a quick game while waiting for something else to happen.
Buy Dead Hungry on Playstation
Rec Room
Rec Room is the game on this list that is cheapest, it's free, and has the most potential for longevity. Based on the recreation centers of our youth, Rec Room lets you play multiple games with multiple people in VR. It's one of our favorite games here as we can play with the team in so many different scenarios the gameplay is always new, funny and exciting.
The controls vary from activity to activity but always use the motion controllers. Some games require nothing more than batting a racket around or dodging balls, others require mimicking drawing a shooting a bow or drawing art in the air with a paint gun. Rec Room really does offer a huge variety of activities to do.
Almost all the activities are between 10-12 minutes long with the possible exception of the quests. The quests require a party of at least 3 people to stand a chance of completing so if you are looking to spend 20 minutes in something mindless you are better off sticking to disc golf or paintball.
Download Rec Room From Playstation
TMZ reported Saturday that Justin Timberlake's Super Bowl Halftime performance would feature a hologram of Prince. The news was met with criticism from friends and fans of the Purple One, who pointed to past comments Prince made scoffing at the idea of such a performance. Now, according to Prince's longtime associate Sheila E., Timberlake has personally assured them that there will be no hologram.
“Family, I spoke w/ Justin 2nite and they shared heartfelt words of respect for Prince & the Purple fans,” Sheila E. wrote in a tweet on Saturday night. “I look 4wrd 2 seeing what I'm sure is going 2 be a spectacular halftime show. There is no hologram.”
In a 1998 interview with Guitar World, Prince was asked if they would be interested in performing alongside a digital recreation of a deceased musician. “Certainly not,” they responded. “That's the most demonic thing imaginable. Everything is as it is, and it should be. If I was meant to jam with Duke Ellington, we would have lived in the same age. That whole virtual reality thing… it really is demonic. And I am not a demon.”
BENGALURU (Reuters) - Indian stocks are expected to erase recent losses and rise a little this year, but an array of political developments at home and overseas along with just a steady economic growth outlook will likely restrain the market, a Reuters poll showed.
The Bombay Stock Exchange building is seen from a facade in Mumbai, India, May 16, 2018. REUTERS/Francis Mascarenhas
While the Indian stock index gained nearly 7 percent in January and hit a lifetime high, it is down about 4 percent since then, tracking the rout in global equities as worries of a trade war between the U.S. and China intensified.
The consensus from the latest Reuters poll of over 50 strategists and brokers taken May 21-30 points to gains for the BSE Sensex.
The index, which is up 2.6 percent for the year, is now expected to gain 1.7 percent from Tuesday's close to 35,550 by end-2018. It is then forecast to hit a fresh record high of 36,300 by the middle of next year.
But over a third of respondents forecast the index to be lower then, including one strategist who expects it to dip to 27,500, a level not seen since January last year.
The consensus view is also the weakest six-month outlook since at least the financial crisis and is also a slight downgrade compared to three months ago.
A majority of poll respondents attributed their views to national election results or political developments outside the country.
More than half the losses so far this year have come after an inconclusive Karnataka state election earlier this month.
That has also coincided with the turmoil in global financial markets amid the political chaos in Italy.
“Ahead of the next year's general election and ongoing global political uncertainties, the stock market will not show any large up or down move, remaining consolidated,” said Vedant Manore, a consultant and trader at ‎Edelweiss Financial Services.
“But, if the (current) government wins the majority of seats in Parliament, stock prices would rally on hopes of quick policy decisions.”
Indeed, the more tempered view for a market used to double-digit gains in recent years was driven by the political situation in Karnataka which has clouded the outlook for general elections next year.
The surge in crude oil prices, India's biggest import item, has also weighed on stocks as it is inflationary and may push the Reserve Bank of India to raise rates much earlier than previously thought - possibly as soon as August. [RBI/INT]
India's economy probably gained a little momentum in the first three months of 2018 which should ensure that it remains the world's fastest growing major economy, a separate Reuters poll showed.
Still, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold $1.4 billion of Indian stocks this month, in line with a wide sell-off in emerging markets, driven by the recent rise in U.S. Treasury yields.
After hitting a 10-year high of 25.69 in January, the BSE Sensex price-to-earnings ratio fell to 23.44 in May - above the long-term average of 18.74, suggesting stock prices are still expensive.
The Supreme Court has set 7 June 2018 to determine whether or not article 19 clause 2 (e) and (g) of the 1992 constitution puts an obligation on the prosecution team to furnish the defence counsel with documents they intend to rely on for prosecution in relation to the National Communications Authority (NCA) case.
This came to light after both the defence and the prosecution teams filed their legal submissions at the last adjourned date.
Class91.3FM's Ibrahim Obeng-Mensah reported on Tuesday, 24 April 2018 that the chair of the panel, Justice William Atuguba, adjourned the matter to 7 June 2018 after both parties had relied on their legal submissions filed earlier on different dates.
The issue was referred to the Supreme Court by an Accra High Court Judge, Justice Eric Kyei-Baffour, for an interpretation of the provision.
Some former officials of the NCA are standing trial for willfully causing financial loss to the state vis-a-vis a $4m procurement of monitoring equipment during the Mahama administration.
The five accused persons, most of them former NCA officials, were charged with various corruption-related offences.
Former Board Chair Eugene Baffoe-Bonnie and the four others, were charged and arraigned for willfully causing financial loss to the state contrary to section 23(1) and section 179(3)(a) of the Criminal Offences Act 1960, Act 29.
The Director for Legal Administration at the NCA, Abena Kwakoa Asafo-Adjei, who doubles as Secretary to the governing board, told the Commercial Court 7 of the Accra High Court presided by Justice Eric Kyei Baffour, on Tuesday, 16 January that they began working with the NCA on June 2003 but in 2015, was asked to proceed on leave with immediate effect.
According to her, they resumed work on 23 March 2016 by which time their position was taken from them but later restored with an additional duty as Secretary to the Authority.
Class 91.3FMs Ibrahim Obeng-Mensah, who was in court, reported that they told the hearing that per their position at NCA, they play an oversight role as far as procurement, awarding and signing of contracts to interested parties were concerned.
Reacting to a contract document signed between the NCA and IDL which was tendered by the prosecution, they told the court that the said contract was signed for and on behalf of the Authority by the former Board Chairman and the former Director of the Authority, William Mathew Tetteh Tevie, who are second and third accused persons, respectively.
Facts of the Case
The state believes Mr Baffoe-Bonnie, Mr Tevie, and Alhaji Osman, were aided by Mr Oppong, a private citizen, to engage in financial malfeasance.
According to the state, the previous administration had contracted an Israeli company, NSO Group Technology Limited, to supply listening equipment at the cost of $6 million, to enable the authorities monitor conversations of persons suspected to be engaged in terrorism.
Mr Oppong also charged $2 million to facilitate the transaction, bringing the total sum to $8 million. The state said National Security did not have the money to fund the transaction, therefore, the NCA, which has supervisory jurisdiction over the use of such equipment, was asked to fund the project.
The officials according to the state, withdrew $4 million from the accounts of the NCA and paid $1 million into the accounts of the Israeli company.
The remaining $3 million was lodged in the accounts of Mr Oppong, who acted as a representative of local agent Infraloks Development Ltd.
The entire deal was allegedly fronted by Alhaji Osman, Minister of Information Mustapha Abdul-Hamid told journalists last year.
-Classfmonline
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. State Department's third-ranking official, Tom Shannon, said on Thursday they were stepping down, the latest senior career diplomat to exit since President Donald Trump took office a year ago.
Shannon, who serves as under secretary of state for political affairs, is the most senior career diplomat at the State Department and has been a fixture among the nation's diplomatic ranks during more than 34 years of service spanning six presidents and 10 secretaries of state.
In a letter to department staff, Shannon, 60, said they were resigning for personal reasons.
“My decision is personal, and driven by a desire to attend to my family, take stock of my life, and set a new direction for my remaining years,” Shannon wrote in a note to staff after informing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Wednesday of their decision to retire.
Shannon worked recently on some of the most complex and sensitive issues, including Iran's compliance with the landmark nuclear deal and Washington's fraught relations with Russia.
Their departure is part of a steady stream of senior career diplomats who have left since Trump became president. It will deprive the State Department of a seasoned veteran at a time when the United States is grappling with crises on several fronts, most notably North Korea's nuclear threat.
Shannon's calm demeanor, language skills and decades of experience made them a frequent choice for some of the thorniest assignments.
Addressing students at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, hours after their retirement was announced, Shannon emphasized they were not stepping down for political reasons.
“Events in my own life have taught me that while I was blessed in many ways, one thing I don't have enough of right now is time,” they told students.
They acknowledged that political transitions in Washington were difficult for career civil servants, but said the number of those at the State Department who had left for political reasons was “quite small.”
They added: “Which doesn't mean that we haven't been hurt by the loss of some of our officers. We certainly have.”
Shannon represented the United States at the inauguration of Liberia's new president, George Weah, shortly after reported remarks by Trump that immigrants from Africa and Haiti come from “shithole” countries.
Shannon, who was ambassador to Brazil from 2005 to 2009 and served in posts in Cameroon, Gabon and Johannesburg, was tasked by former President Barack Obama in 2015 with improving acrimonious relations with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
They were seen as a stabilizing force after Trump and Tillerson took office with a promise to downsize the State Department. They had to manage growing dissent among career diplomats over the new president's policies that antagonized Muslim nations and long-time allies in Europe and in Mexico.
The forcing out of many senior diplomats, the failure to nominate or to win Senate confirmation for officials to fill key agency roles, and a perception that Tillerson is inaccessible have eroded morale, according to current officials.
The State Department's under secretary of state for public affairs, Steve Goldstein, said Shannon's departure was not related to low morale and called them “an amazing man.”
Tillerson in November said they were offended by claims that the State Department was being hollowed out under Trump, saying it was functioning well despite scathing criticism from former American diplomats including Nicholas Burns and Ryan Crocker.
In a statement on Thursday, Tillerson congratulated Shannon on a distinguished career, saying, “His time was well spent.”
“I particularly appreciate their depth of knowledge, the role they played during the transition ... and their contributions to our strategy process over the past year,” Tillerson said.
In their note, Shannon said they had agreed to stay on until a successor had been named and to ensure a smooth transition.
I've been meaning to try Friendly's new signature sundae line since it was released earlier this year, but there are so much new ice cream products and only one of me, so the list piles up.
According to Friendly's the new line is sold in a clear 28 oz. container that gives shoppers a sneak peek at what's inside, Friendly's Signature Sundaes range in price from $4.49 to $4.99 and can serve up to seven people. Consumers can pick from the following four flavors:
Vanilla Chocolate Chip Fudge Sundae, Peanut Butter Fudge Sundae, Forbidden Chocolate Fudge Sundae and Vanilla Caramel Sundae.
I opted for the Peanut Butter Fudge flavor because, chocolate, peanut butter and vanilla ice cream are some of my favorite things.
The vanilla ice cream was nothing special, but still very good. The winners here were the toppings, which were plentiful.
Here we have huge chunks of chopped peanut butter cups, gobs of fudge and a generous helping of peanut butter with a whipped topping.
I could have done without the whipped topping because it had no flavor, but everything else was fantastic.
My only other complaint would be that you have to mix the toppings into your ice cream, they are not spread throughout the container, which I found a bit inconvenient.
I give it three scoops. If you like Friendly's peanut butter flavored sundaes, at the restaurants, this one is definitely worth trying.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Provident Financial Plc:
* DIRECTORATE CHANGE
* APPOINTS MALCOLM LE MAY AS GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
* ANNOUNCES APPOINTMENT OF MALCOLM LE MAY AS GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT
* THIS FOLLOWS A BOARD PROCESS LED BY STUART SINCLAIR OVER RECENT
* BELIEVES THAT MALCOLM LE MAY IS AN OUTSTANDING CANDIDATE FOR ROLE, GIVEN Their EXISTING KNOWLEDGE OF GROUP
* HOME CREDIT CONTINUES TO MAKE GOOD OPERATIONAL PROGRESS
* AND DISCUSSIONS CONTINUE WITH FCA IN RELATION TO VANQUIS BANK AND MONEYBARN INVESTIGATIONS
* CHRIS SWEENEY, MD VANQUIS BANK, WILL CONTINUE TO FOCUS ON LEADERSHIP OF VANQUIS BANK AND SUCCESSFUL RESOLUTION OF ROP
* BOARD INTENDS TO APPOINT SWEENY AS DEPUTY GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER IN ADDITION TO Their VANQUIS BANK ROLE
* ANNOUNCES PERMANENT APPOINTMENT OF CHRIS GILLESPIE, MD CONSUMER CREDIT DIVISION
* APPOINTMENT OF STEVE GRIGG, AS INTERIM GROUP CHIEF INFORMATION & TECHNOLOGY OFFICER, TO DEFINE GROUP‘S LONG-TERM IT ARCHITECTURE
* HAS INSTIGATED A PROCESS TO APPOINT A NEW EXTERNAL CHAIRMAN AS WELL AS TWO ADDITIONAL NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AS SOON AS PRACTICABLE
* APPOINTMENT OF STUART SINCLAIR AS INTERIM CHAIRMAN, WITH STUART MOVING TO THIS ROLE FROM THAT OF SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Dorset County Council has won funding amounting to £620,000 from Public Health England to buy and re-develop a property in Weymouth to help ensure local people suffering harm from the misuse of alcohol or other drugs receive the support they need.
The aim is to develop a hub for people recovering from substance misuse, helping them back in to a normal life by providing therapy rooms, education, training and employment opportunities. The centre will be carefully managed by an on-site staff team of experienced professionals 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Up to six people will be able to stay overnight for short periods of around a week, while they undergo detox from alcohol or other drugs, or access any courses being run there.
Cllr Mike Byatt, Dorset County Council ward member for Weymouth Town, said:
“I am delighted that we have secured such a significant amount of funding to support local people struggling with their use of alcohol or other drugs. This facility should be an excellent and positive community resource, offering a space for treatment services and other community organisations to work from, and reducing the cost to the public purse.”
The council is in the process of purchasing 22 Abbotsbury Road (currently Basil Towers B&B) in Weymouth, and will be submitting a planning application for a change of use of the building from C1 Hotels to C2 Residential Institutions.
Cllr Christine James, Weymouth and Portland Borough Council's briefholder for social inclusion, said:
“By helping people recover from substance misuse, this initiative will benefit not only the individuals who access the Hub directly, but the wider community by helping to make Weymouth a healthier and safer place. I know that a lot of work is going into making the facility a well-managed service that will be a credit to the borough.”
Subject to planning permission, local charity Essential Drugs and Alcohol Services (EDAS) will be managing the hub. Drew Caldwell, Dorset manager for EDAS, added:
“We're really pleased to have helped to secure this funding for Dorset, and Weymouth in particular. We've already worked closely with other organisations – including the Police – to make sure this facility is in the right place and designed in the right way. That's why we've committed to staffing the hub 24 hours a day, seven days a week, once it's open.
“We're keen to involve the local community in the design and coordination process of the hub, so please get in touch with us if you have any thoughts or concerns. We'll be holding a meeting for local residents to meet with service users, staff and local councillors to make sure views are taken into account as we put this project into action.”
Martyn Underhill, Dorset Police and Crime Commissioner, concluded:
“This new service has the potential to reduce crime and will provide appropriate support to those who need it. We know there are links between drug and alcohol misuse and offending behaviour. The Recovery Hub will provide people who are vulnerable with the treatment and guidance they need to become fully integrated, valued members of their communities.
“They will benefit from a wraparound service where resources and professionals will be co-ordinated and accessible, aiding the recovery process. I look forward to seeing the initiative progress further.”
ST. LOUIS (AP)  The request by St. Louis leaders to have the U.S. attorney's office investigate police conduct at protests has been referred to the U.S. Department of Justice in Washington.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that in a letter on Wednesday, Acting U.S. Attorney Carrie Costantin says the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division handles investigations that focus on officer discipline and training. It's not clear if the Justice Department will investigate St. Louis police.
More than 300 arrests have been made during protests since a judge's mid-September acquittal of white former police officer Jason Stockley in the 2011 shooting death of 24-year-old Anthony Lamar Smith, a black drug suspect.
Police have drawn criticism for using force and chemicals in some arrests. Mayor Lyda Krewson and interim police Chief Lawrence O'Toole asked for an independent federal investigation.
Advertisement
On Friday night, protesters took to the streets of Ferguson, Missouri, a St. Louis suburb where the fatal 2014 police shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown, who was black and unarmed, sparked months of protests. The Post-Dispatch reports that several dozen people marched on West Florissant Avenue, chanting and carrying "Black Lives Matter" signs in a scene reminiscent of some demonstrations that occurred after Brown's death.
The group stopped outside the Ferguson Market and later headed to the Ferguson police headquarters on South Florissant Road, where some shouted at officers who stood guard outside.
No arrests were reported.
"It was definitely time to come back here and pay homage to what happened in these streets," said 27-year-old protester LaShell Eikerenkoetter. "That is the reason we are still going today."
___
Information from: St. Louis Post-Dispatch, http://www.stltoday.com
Feb 2 (Reuters) - VISTULA GROUP SA:
* JAN. REVENUE AT ABOUT 53.1 MILLION ZLOTYS, UP AROUND 21.1 PERCENT YOY
* JAN. MARGIN AT ABOUT 49.2 PERCENT, UP AROUND 0.4 P.P. YOY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
PanARMENIAN.Net - President Serzh Sargsyan on Friday, October 6 met the OSCE Minsk Group co-chairs to discuss the settlement of the Nagorno Karabakh process.
Co-chairs Igor Popov of Russia, Stéphane Visconti of France and Andrew Schofer of the United States, as well as personal representative of the OSCE chairperson-in-office Andrzej Kasprzyk are currently on an official visit in Yerevan.
The sides discussed ways to move the negotiation process forward, including issues concerning a meeting of Armenian and Azerbaijani presidents.
Also, the partiesthe participants attached importance to the adherence of the parties to the commitment to a peaceful settlement of the conflict.
Earlier, the co-chairs had a meeting with foreign minister Edward Nalbandian.
By Jim Hamilton, Florence
I'm pleased to learn that one of Montana's finest federal employees, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, used a Sharpie pen on their new Trump hosiery to avoid violating the federal Hatch Act while they were attending a political meeting in South Dakota this week. In the Army, we called this quick thinking and subsequent action while under duress “employing a field expedient.”
Unfortunately, the wrinkled image of our distinguished POTUS on Zinke's socks kind of resembles one of the shrunken heads Aborigines would put on stakes outside their villages to scare away intruders. I understand no Democratic Governors bothered Zinke while they were wearing the “Make America Great Again” hose.
Proving that Saturday's win was no fluke, the Beaverton Beavers cruised past Century on an early senior night, blowing out the Jaguars for the second time in four days in a 74-38 win Tuesday night.
The Beavers topped the Jags 70-41 on Saturday in a make-up game. With Tuesday's win, the Beavers clinch at least a share of their second consecutive Metro League boys basketball championship. Beaverton hosts Southridge on Friday in its final regular season home game. A “Jam The Dam” game, the Beavers will celebrate their girls basketball seniors on that night after parading their veteran boys in front of Tuesday night's crowd.
Jake Estep scored nine of their game-high 19 points in the first period, when the Beavers used an 11-0 run to take command of the game. Beaverton scored on six straight possessions after Century took an early 4-2 lead and was never threatened the rest of the way. The final score was Beaverton's largest lead of the night after they held Century scoreless over the final six minutes with reserves playing for both teams.
Hunter Sweet and Beau Sheeran each added 14 points for the Beavers, who shot 54-percent from the field (27-50) and 47-percent (9-19) from three-point range on the night. Estep hit their first four shots in the first period, including the first of their three 3-pointers. The junior wing finished 7-for-9 from the field on the night.
Riley Suckow was Century's only offensive bright spot, scoring 18 points, nearly half of the Jaguars scoring output. Suckow had 14 out of Century's 18 points at halftime and had taken 11 of the Jags' 18 shots.
Beaverton forced 13th Century turnovers in the first half, turning them into 12 points in building a 37-18 halftime advantage. The Beavers turned the ball over just twice in the half and five times in the contest.
The Jaguars made a concerted effort to involved others in the offense in the third quarter, finding little success in the paint as 6-5 center Kyle Chimienti missed four consecutive shots while contending with the shot-bothering, 6-7 Sheeran. Chimienti finished with just four points to go with five rebounds and three blocked shots. Other usual contributors like Trey Mubarak (five points) and Joseph Kellar (two points) were held well under their season scoring averages. The Jags shot just 36-percent (15-42) for the game and 25-percent from three (3-12), while being outscored 11-5 at the free throw line.
Beaverton continued to get a healthy contribution off the bench from 6-4 senior Jamie Sweatman, who scored just three points, but led the Beavers with six rebounds and five steals while dishing out two assists. Carson Crawford went 2-for-4 from beyond the arc and dished out a game-high five assists.
The fifth-ranked Beavers, now 14-1 in the Metro League and 19-4 overall, close out the regular season against the only Metro League team to defeat them. Southridge moved up to #16 in the OSAA power rankings with a 56-48 win over Aloha Tuesday night. The Skyhawks are currently in third place in the Metro League standings, a game ahead of Jesuit at 10-4, 14-8 overall. Westview remains a game behind the Beavers following an 86-41 win over Glencoe. The Wildcats have three games remaining, including a rematch with the Crimson Tide.
AUBURN, Ala. (AP)  Auburn University is once again replacing its landmark oak trees at Toomer's Corner.
A university statement says workers will plant new trees on Saturday because of damage caused by a fire in September.
The current trees were planted there after a University of Alabama fan poisoned the original Toomer's oaks.
Toomer's Corner is a traditional gathering for Auburn fans to celebrate football victories by rolling the trees with toilet paper. A German man pleaded guilty last month to setting fire to paper on one of the trees after a game.
Advertisement
The new trees will be slightly smaller than the original replacements. University horticulturist Gary Keever says smaller trees generally fare better than older ones when they're being transplanted.
Fans won't be allowed to roll the new trees until they're older.
Remember when you were a kid and mixed all your bathroom products together to create one master liquid? That's kind of what Shah Rukh Khan's signature scent is like. Except each ingredient costs more than your entire concoction and they have a better bathroom.
Apparently odour is important to Khan, but what's their signature scent? The world's biggest movie star mixes two fragrances: “It's very important for me to smell good. I mix two fragrances – a Dunhill scent that's only available at their London store as well as a Diptyque one.” We don't know the ratio but we assume they have it down to a science.
And while it may not be Anushka Sharma's favourite scent, we're sure most women approve.
The next time you are scouring store shelves for new scents, be sure to look out for these iconic notes.
1 /4 The note: Vetiver The event: Days at the office Why: The roots of this tropical grass – originally from India but now sourced mainly from Haiti – contain an oil that carries a distinctive mossy woodiness. As it settles and depending on the concentration, you'll also get hints of incense and even a fine cigar. That said, it's still underplayed and elegant. The note: Oud The event: Nights out Why: The resin-heavy heartwood of the tropical agar tree is all about a musky sweetness underpinned by nods to roasted spice. This big, bold and ballsy trend ain't going anywhere soon with endless variants across supermarket/chemist, department store and high-end brands. Image: Getty Images The note: Grapefruit The event: Weekend Why: Especially in the top-notes – the first wave of fragrance of any scent – grapefruit brings a classic citrus without straying into the overly feminine sweetness of mandarin or orange or the bitterness of lemon. Better still, different varieties of grapefruit – most notably pink – have their own distinctive finishes, so put aside some extra research time when exploring this note. Image: Getty Images The note: Orris The event: Day to night Why: The roots of the iris plant are frequently used as base notes – the part of the scent you can still smell when you get home – and have finely balanced mix of violets and earthiness. The longer it sits on the skin, the more its creaminess becomes apparent. There is a depth at play here and this is what makes it such a prized component. Also, it takes six years to harvest, and one tonne of the root only yields two kilos of the essential oil.
Up Next: GQ Men Of The Year Awards airs on Star World on Sunday, Oct 16
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bentley Capital Ltd:
* SEEKS TRADING HALT PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT ‍INVESTMENT AND DEVELOPMENT OPERATIONS OF CO‘S UNIT DEVISD PTY LIMITED​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Two Canadians are dead in the wake of a suspected extremist attack on a popular restaurant in Burkina Faso. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland confirmed the two Canadians, whose names have not been released, were among the 18 people killed when gunmen stormed a popular restaurant in the capital on Sunday evening. CBC 6:25:00 PM CEST
RAWALPINDI June 14 (APP): Chief of Army Staff (COAS)
General Qamar Javed Bajwa on Wednesday was given detailed briefing
on situation along Pakistan-Afghan border, ongoing and future
operations, progress on development works and return of
temporary displaced persons (TDPs) during their visit to Peshawar Corps.
The COAS appreciated improved security situation and
measures for better border management including fencing, a press
release of Inter Services Public Relations here said.
They expressed their satisfaction on operational readiness of
the formations and asked them to stay vigilant against all types of
threats.
“We consider Afghanistan as a brotherly neighbor and
terrorists are our common enemy. The threat thus requires a trust
based coordinated response rather than blame game or unwarranted
skirmishes,” they said.
The COAS said that unilateral actions like drone strike
etc are counterproductive and against spirit of ongoing cooperation
and intelligence sharing being diligently undertaken by Pakistan.
Pakistan Army is capable of taking effective measure if actionable
intelligence is shared.
They said, “Our focus now is to transform our operational
achievements in FATA into enduring peace and stability for which
early mainstreaming of FATA through reforms is essential and
Pakistan Army fully supports all efforts towards that end.”
The COAS said that country's brave tribal brothers,
through their support, cooperation and resolve, have enabled its
security forces to succeed during the operations and now it is time
for them to live a fearless and quality social life as citizens of
Pakistan.
They said that Pakistan Army shall continue its efforts to
consolidate gains achieved thus far and stated that Army stands with
all other institutions to get Pakistan rid of menaces retarding its
progress and prosperity.
Earlier, on arrival at Corps Headquarters, COAS was
received by Commander Peshawar Corps Lieutenant General Nazir Ahmad
Butt.
* U.S. Treasury yield spike fails to boost dollar
* Euro holds above $1.25 mark; gains on week
* Traders prepare for non-farm payroll data
* Chinese yuan hits fresh 2 1/2 year high
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2018 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Tommy Wilkes
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The euro held above $1.25 on Friday, continuing a strong week in which rising U.S. treasury yields failed to lift the dollar while the euro zone's economic revival and expectations of monetary tightening made the single currency more attractive.
Yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries have risen to near their four-year high as economic growth and buoyant oil prices drive up inflation expectations and central banks start sounding more hawkish.
But the rise in yields, which should push up the dollar, hasn't helped it so far.
“You'd think that with rates up, the dollar would be up, but investors are focusing their interest elsewhere,” such as further evidence that the European economy is picking up, said Jeff Kravetz, regional investment strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management.
A survey released on Thursday showed eurozone manufacturing continued to boom last month, bolstering expectations that the European Central Bank is on track to normalise monetary policy .
The euro traded flat against the dollar on the day at $1.2505, within sight of last week's three-year high of $1.2538. For the week, the euro has gained around 0.6 percent.
Against a basket of currencies, the dollar was broadly flat as the market awaits non-farm payroll data due later on Friday.
Many strategists say the dollar's sensitivity to domestic news looks weak - ING analysts called it “limited and short-lived” - as investors focus on monetary policy re-pricing opportunities elsewhere.
“Today's US labour market report poses only temporary downside risk to the cross,” ING said in a note.
Elsewhere, the dollar added to recent gains against the Japanese yen, helping it move away from a four-month nadir of 108.28 hit a week ago. The dollar rose 0.4 percent on the day to 109.82
On Friday, the Bank of Japan offered to buy an unlimited amount of JGBs with more than five to 10 years left to maturity at 2 basis points above the previous close. It also increased the amount of its planned buying in five- to 10-year JGBs to 450 billion yen from the previous 410 billion, an amount it had kept since late August.
Foreign exchange markets showed little reaction to the Japanese central bank's move.
The Chinese yuan continued its recent rise against the dollar, notching up a high of 6.2773, a 2 1/2-year high. The yuan is up 0.8 percent for the week and was last trading at these levels in August 2015.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Lisa Twaronite in Tokyo, editing by Larry King)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Veteran entertainer Rolf Harris is to face a retrial over three sex offence charges and face one new count.
Last week a jury found the 86-year-old Australian not guilty of three sex crimes following a trial at London's Southwark Crown Court.
But the jury failed to reach verdicts on another four charges.
Harris, wearing a dark suit, white shirt and dark tie, appeared via video-link for today's hearing.
A spokesperson for the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said it had decided to seek a retrial following "careful consideration" after the jury was discharged last week.
(Photo: Rex)
They added: "This decision was taken after consideration of all the matters set out in our legal guidance on seeking retrials when a jury has failed to agree on a verdict.
"The CPS reminds all concerned that criminal proceedings against Rolf Harris remain active and that they have a right to a fair trial.
"It is extremely important that there should be no reporting, commentary or sharing of information online which could in any way prejudice these proceedings."
Harris showed no emotion last week as the jury at their latest trial cleared them of groping a blind woman, a 12-year-old autograph hunter and a BBC worker in 2002.
They failed to reach verdicts on charges relating to four other alleged victims.
(Photo: Julia Quenzler / SWNS.com)
Harris did not give evidence, but their barrister said they were “false victims” who were hunting for compensation from their £11m fortune.
They were cleared of telling a 12-year-old autograph hunter “let's give you a little cuddle” before groping them as their mother stood nearby outside Radio Victory in Portsmouth in 1977.
The Australian was also cleared of “slobbering” over a blind woman at Moorfields Eye Hospital in the 1970s.
(Photo: Rex Features)
Jurors found them not guilty of pinning a BBC worker against a wall and grabbing their breasts at a party at BBC Television Centre in 2002.
The panel took just under a week to come to its verdicts.
Harris is still in jail after a 2014 trial saw them convicted of 12 sex offences against four female victims, one as young as seven or eight.
Their defence team claimed the jury in the first trial “got it wrong” and that the media coverage “without doubt made them vulnerable to people making accusations against him”.
A groundbreaking 20 year study into the impact of rising carbon dioxide on important grazing grasses could change way we think about pasture management.
Until now, the accepted theory said the C3 type of plants grow more under elevated levels of atmospheric CO2 while C4 plants do not respond with elevated growth.
But new research shows that after 10 years under eleveated CO2, the roles are reversed and C4 grasses are “increasingly enhanced” while the growth rate of C3 plants drops off.
The impact of elevated CO2 on plant growth is a critical question.
According to NASA atmospheric CO2 is at its highest level for the past 400,000 years and emissions are forecast to rise over the next century.
C3 and C4 grass species are both present in most pastures across the continent. C3 are more prevalent in cooler grazing reginos, while C4 grasses dominate the mix in tropical and subtropical climates.
In western NSW for example the pasture composition is split evenly between C3 and C4 and even in Tasmania, there are significant C4 grazing plants such as kangaroo grass.
But before we delve into what this breakthrough means for pastures we'll need to take a quick look at a few fundamentals of plant biology.
It's a bit technical but stick with it, we may be witnessing the dawn of a new era for pasture management.
Research revelation
The breakthrough came from one of the few long-term projects investigating plant response to increased levels of atmospheric CO2, which was a 20 year experiment by the University of Minnesota.
The fickle nature of publicly-funded science means most research is conducted under three-year project cycles.
Carbon fixation is the way plants extract carbon from the CO2 in the atmosphere and convert it into sugars and other organic matter. The most recently evolved mechanism is C4 photosynthesis, which is more energy efficient than the ‘ancestral' C3 photosynthesis.
“The ancestral method of photosynthesis (C3) combines CO2 with a five-carbon molecule to produce two identical three-carbon molecules,” the article said.
Related
“However, the enzyme that catalyzes this reaction also combines the same five carbon compounds with dioxygen, thus reducing the carbon assimilation rate and, hence, growth.
“Hatch and Slack (who first described the C4 mechanism) discovered that some plants can avoid this by first combining CO2 from the atmosphere with a three-carbon molecule, producing a four-carbon molecule as the first stable product in photosynthesis.”
University of Tasmania plant ecologist, Associate Professor Mark Hovenden, provided a technical investigation of the ramifications from the University of Minnesota's research in a recent article which was co-authored by New Zealand's AgResearch scientist Paul Newton.
Prof Hovendeon's team focus on manipulative field experiments or “work in the paddock” as they put it, providing background information and explanations of why the C3 growth declines.
Pasture impacts
Prof Hovenden said improved pastures, which are typically dominated by a C3 plant in perennial ryegrass, would be particularly impacted by the reduced long-term growth rate under rising CO2.
Nitrogen Fixation is one of the major underlying reasons C3 grass growth slows under elevated CO2.
For ten years or so C3 grasses increase growth under rising atmospheric carbon.
But the process of returning Nitrogen, another building block of plant growth, to the soil breaks down over time.
“I found in my experiments C3 plants end up with slower rate of decomposition of organic matter that goes back into the soil,” Prof Hovenden said.
“As CO2 goes up, less of those nutrients are released in a form that's available to plants. That's definitely nitrogen but we think it's potentially phosphorus.”
Conversely, C4 plants actually improved their return of nutrients to the soil over time.
Producers relying on improved pastures, like dairy farmers, could need to increase their fertiliser application to maintain pasture growth.
Prof Hovenden also noted that differing temperature responses could see a shift in pasture production to later in the season, with C4 growing more in summer and C3 doing better in spring.
Another significant factor was C4 grasses tend to be less nutritious “which has implications for anything that lives off them”, including native and agricultural grazing species, Prof Hovenden said.
Big picture is complex
Current research is looking at how elevated CO2 interacts with changes in temperature and whether, as predicted under climate change, an increase of two degrees or so changes plant responses, Prof Hovenden said.
Crops such as rice and wheat are C3 plants, but rising CO2 may not impact them as profoundly it does grasses. Crops are managed more intensely.
There is greater capacity for plant breeding research and fertiliser inputs to improve growth.
Climate Council member and Australian National University professor Will Steffen said atmospheric CO2 levels presently sit on 405 parts per million and are expected to rise by about 2.5ppm a year in the near term, regardless of emissions reduction action.
Emissions are on trajectory to hit 600ppm CO2 or higher by 2100 unless there is a shift in industrial practices.
“If we really get our act together we would see CO2 concentrations of no more than 450ppm by the middle of the century,” Prof Steffen said, noting that investments in carbon capture and emissions reduction could potentially cause CO2 levels to fall by the end of the century.
Prof Steffen said there was still “great uncertainty” over the global impact of the latest research on all C3 plants, include woody varieties, which comprise more than 85 per cent of all plant species.
Currently plants absorb about one-quarter of human CO2 emissions, and another quarter is absorbed by the ocean and its plants.
But this scenario may shift, as climate change alters the biosphere, with shifting rainfall and fire patterns.
“We need to look at CO2 impacts on woody C3 plants and how heat and rain impact plant growth. It's a very complex system,” Prof Steffen said.
By Wanda Kenton Smith for Island Eye News
Freedom Boat Club, the world's oldest and largest boat club with 15,000 members and 130 locations officially relaunched its two Charleston destinations on June 3. The club sports a brand-new fleet of boats and now operates under the leadership of a unique new ownership team.
According to Freedom Boat Club President and CEO John Giglio, Charleston is perceived as an outstanding growth market with tremendous membership potential. While the company has 165+ current members locally from two locations in Mt. Pleasant and Seabrook Island, and has had a regional footprint since 2005, the club's performance was perceived to be far beneath its potential.
“Our corporate team met with the original franchise owners as well as another successful franchise owner operating three clubs in South Carolina and decided to work together to further develop this very promising boating market,” said Giglio. “Our combined management horsepower and experience in operating successful boat clubs, coupled with a dedicated focus on the Charleston market and the major investment in a fleet of top boating brands, is expected to positively impact our business while providing outstanding opportunities for local boaters seeking affordable boating options.”
“We'd like to welcome the public to come learn about Freedom Boat Club and our multiple membership options,” said Chris Speckman, one of the Charleston franchise owners and joint principal of Freedom Boat Club of the Grand Strand. “There has never been a better time or opportunity for Charlestonians to get on the water and to experience the best of our maintenance-free boating lifestyle than now.”
Freedom Boat Club's two Charleston locations now include more than a dozen brand-new Scout fishing boats, Hurricane deckboats and Sweetwater pontoons. The club offers several membership plans, now with special grand re-opening promotions and incentives. All plans include unlimited boating, free training and regular social activities for members. In addition, Freedom Boat Club members enjoy reciprocal access to boating anywhere a Freedom Boat Club is located.
ABOUT FREEDOM BOAT CLUB
Freedom Boat Club, headquartered in Venice, FL., is the nation's oldest and largest boat club with 130 locations in 23 states and Canada. Freedom Boat Club is listed in the Entrepreneur Franchise 500® ranking and the Inc. 5000. For more information, visit freedomboatclub.com.
CHARLESTON FREEDOM BOAT CLUB LOCATIONS
Mt. Pleasant
24 Patriots Pt Road
Mt Pleasant
Seabrook Island
1880 Andell Bluff Boulevard, # 5
Johns Island
Membership Executive/Club Contact for both locations is Gregg Lozanoff, 843.870.7887.
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of their wife
1:22 Acapulco Tropical co-owner on opening second Bradenton location
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
0:22 Anti-Donald Trump protesters cross bridge onto Fort Lauderdale Beach
Buying a boutique acoustic guitar is like marrying into a family. There's a courtship period of getting to know as much as you can about your new significant other. ‘Who are you and what are you all about? Can we get along?' It's a serious decision, not to be taken lightly, since you'll be spending lots of time with each other. Much like a marriage between two people, the commitment to buying a boutique guitar follows this path.
In fact, a majority of boutique acoustic guitar manufacturers are family-owned and operated and make it their mission to welcome new members into their family. Huss and Dalton are based in Virginia's Appalachian mountain region and have been crafting fine quality instruments for 23 years. Founders Jeff Huss and Mark Dalton met at Stelling Banjo Works in the ‘90s and then forged a partnership over their love of bluegrass music and building instruments. The two luthiers adhere to traditional guitar design while also incorporating modern improvements and build various models, including dreadnought and OM shapes. Each guitar they build has a serious amount of work hours devoted to its creation.
The Huss and Dalton MJ Custom model is a mid-size Jumbo guitar with sitka spruce top and maple back and sides. Typically it is available in a traditional styling but at this year's NAMM show, we were struck by a decidedly non-traditional colored guitar- what H&D calls ‘Tropical Sand Burst.' This guitar definitely demands your attention and will elicit either a ‘wow, that's gorgeous!' or ‘how dare they do that color?' response from players and fans. We lean toward the former- this guitar looks beautiful in the spotlight. And it is a comfortable feeling jumbo style guitar that evokes an old-time sound.
Huss and Dalton spare no expense in making their guitars and pay close attention to detail in all they do. Everything about this guitar screams boutique, from the custom tuners to the beautiful ivoroid body and fretboard bindings, Stingray fretboard inlays and beautiful tweed hard case. As expected with most boutique guitars, the cost is substantial.. At a price point over $7K you probably have a good idea of exactly how you want your guitar to sound when amplified and want to have control over this decision. As such, there is no pickup with the guitar. Or perhaps more to the authenticity of a true acoustic guitar, the thought of adding a pickup and potentially altering the guitar's tone is heresy! With that said, all of our performance comments refer to the guitar's natural unplugged tone.
The guitar's bass response is rich and full. Hitting an F chord produced a rich and full sounding tone with great low-end response. The low root note rung out with nice sustain and helped define the chord. While fingerpicking single note arpeggios, the notes were even and consistent, with no note ringing more prominently than others.
My hand did not get fatigued after an extended amount of playing, and the neck shape fits comfortably in my hands. The string spacing makes it easy to play. I have different needs for open chord playing versus soloing up above the seventh fret and the neck is very accommodating. It's not a super loud guitar but it holds its sustain very well. Most importantly for me as a performer, the guitar complements the tenor quality of my voice and sits well in the mix.
MJ Custom ‘Tropical Sand' Burst specs:
– Sitka Spruce top
– Maple back and sides
– Abalone top trim
– Abalone rosette
– Ivoroid body bindings
– Ivoroid fretboard bindings
– Shallow body @ 4-1/2″
MSRP $7,287.00
All other specs are standard and can be seen here: http://hussanddalton.com/models/mj
MJ MODEL STANDARD SPECIFICATIONS
BUILD STYLE:
Radius Top
BODY BINDING:
Indian Rosewood
NECK BINDING:
Indian Rosewood
TOP PURFLING:
Half Herringbone
ROSETTE:
Half Herringbone
BRIDGE STYLE:
Belly
PICKGUARD:
Clear
TUNERS/BUTTONS:
Gold H&D/Ebony
FRETBOARD INLAYS:
Stingray
MJ MODEL MEASUREMENTS
NUT WIDTH:
1 3/4 inches
BODY WIDTH:
16 inches
BODY DEPTH:
4 7/8 inches
BODY LENGTH:
20 inches
SCALE:
25.4 inches
SADDLE SPACING:
2 7/32 inches
SOUNDHOLE:
4 3/16 inches
Sunday evening, the Carolina Hurricanes visited the New York Islanders, with whom they shared last place in the Metropolitan Division. When two last-place teams go at it, the hockey can be very entertaining. Sunday's game was exactly that, an entertaining tilt that the Hurricanes won 4-3.
Both teams had lost their most recent games, with the Hurricanes putting together an epic meltdown last Tuesday night against the Boston Bruins and another Saturday night against the Philadelphia Flyers. The Islanders had been blasted two nights in a row by the Washington Capitals. Thursday night, they lost 7-3 at home and Friday night 6-3 in Washington.
Here the Hurricanes Go Again
In some respects, the script was unfolding like it had in recent Hurricanes outings. They scored first and then again to take an early 2-0 lead. Jaccob Slavin, who had played with renewed intensity Saturday night in the losing effort against the Flyers, scored the first goal. Slavin has emerged as a de facto leader on the Hurricanes team, their play for a full 60 minutes setting a standard their teammates can emulate.
A couple of minutes later, Lee Stempniak scored an unassisted goal to give the Hurricanes the 2-0 lead. The team missed the stability that Stempniak gave them last season. Out most of this season due to injury, having Stempniak back on the ice has drawn criticism from different voices, but likely because they don't remember the value they gave to the team last season. Their value may not be appreciated as this season winds down, and as an unrestricted free agent at season's end, Stempniak may well not be on the roster next season.
Hurricanes fans may well have been thinking “here we go again” when their team jumped out to the lead. The last few leads have not been safe, and the last two ended in epic meltdowns. Frankly, with Scott Darling in-goal, there was a precedent for not being comfortable or over-confident with the Hurricanes' lead. However, they enjoyed taking that lead into the locker room at the end of the first period.
The Inevitable
The cynic would say, “As expected, the Islanders came back and tied the game.” Josh Bailey cut the lead in half at 10:29 in the second period. Ryan Pulock had fired at Darling and an alert Bailey posted up at the front of the net deflected it in for the goal. It was Bailey's 18th goal of the season and took their point total to a nice 67.
Not to be outdone, less than two minutes later Anders Lee scored their first of two on the night, taking their total at game's end to 35 for the season. Lee has been a scoring threat throughout this season with the Islanders, and Darling was no match for them Sunday night. The game was tied 2-2, but the action was nowhere near over.
Victor Rask made it 3-2 Hurricanes, also within a two-minute time frame. Within 3:35 there were three goals scored, either a credit to hard aggressive play by the offense of both the Hurricanes and the Islanders or average to poor goaltender play by two teams at the bottom of their division. In either case, it kept the game entertaining, and Hurricanes fans wondering if Darling could hold the lead. They did not have to wonder for very long.
Tension to the Very End
Lee got their second goal at 8:05 in the third period. Not surprisingly, it was the third assist of the night for John Tavares, taking their season total to 41 and point total to 73. Tavares will be an unrestricted free agent after this season, and if the new Hurricanes general manager wants to help their team, they will go after Tavares with their hair on fire. They could very well be what the Hurricanes need to get to the next level.
At 3-3, a minor version of the “epic meltdown” seemed to be on the horizon. Having lost leads the previous two games, it began to feel that this would be the third. And as stated earlier, Darling has not engendered a wealth of confidence in keeping a lead. But, they would get their chance.
At 13:11, Trevor van Riemsdyk put the eventual game-winner in the net. Darling was able to hold the 4-3 lead, and the Hurricanes left Brooklyn with two points.
The Hurricanes have 10 games left in the 2017-18 season. They trail the New Jersey Devils by nine points as of this writing. For all intents and purposes, they are out of the playoffs. And even though they were playing the team with whom they shared the bottom of the division, they have not given up. They showed heart and played to the end. Darling got the win, which is important.
All in all, it was a good Sunday night of hockey for Hurricanes fans. For Islanders fans, not so much, although their team also did not give up. That is a good thing.
Former Town midfielder Lawson D'Ath couldn't hide a sense of frustration that their time with the Hatters hadn't turned out differently.
The 25-year-old moved to Kenilworth Road from Northampton Town in January 2017, making 10 starts last season, including both play-off games as Luton were cruelly beaten by Blackpool over two legs.
It's one of frustration really, because I feel like I could have added something to the team if I was fully fit and playing regularly. Lawson D'Ath
It looked like they were going to carry that run in the side on this term, down to play in the opening game against Yeovil, until injury struck in the final week of pre-season, leaving them sidelined.
They eventually got fit, but the form of Olly Lee and the team in general, meant they had to make do with a place on the bench, only to suffer further injury when back in the side against Cambridge in March, which ended their campaign.
Summing up their time with the club on their release last week, having made just 26 appearances, scoring once, D'Ath said: “It's frustration, because I came in, I wasn't in the team to begin with, then I got in the team and to be fair I thought I played pretty well at the back end of last season.
“Then two days before the season started and I was out for two months, so the lads got up and running by then, so it was like he's (Nathan Jones) not going to change a winning team is he?
“It's one of them, it's part and parcel of being a footballer, it just happens, you have to be patient and if it comes, if it doesn't, it doesn't.
“It's one of frustration really, because I feel like I could have added something to the team if I was fully fit and playing regularly.
“Mick Harford, said ‘you've been the unluckiest player this year,' so it's just one of those things, frustration I guess, but it's football, I just move on.”
After featuring in the largely forgettable 4-0 defeat at Port Vale in December, D'Ath's final start came in the 1-1 draw at Cambridge back on March 30, lasting just 20 minutes before suffering another injury.
They said: “(It was) My medial in the inside of my knee, the big lad Uche (Ikpeazu) came down on it and just forced it in.
“It's not been right, even when I've been training towards the back end of the season, I'll go to pass the ball and it will be a bit loose and then it will be sore.
“I couldn't play a game and I was training at 50, 60 per cent, it's just one of those injuries, really niggly and the timing of it wasn't great.”
With that in mind, D'Ath knew that a new deal at Kenilworth Road was unlikely and when asked how their chat with Town boss Nathan Jones went, said: “It was half and half, it could happen, and with the gaffer they said, ‘look you've had a tough year with injuries, you haven't played a lot of football because of it and this year, we're stepping up a division and are going to be bringing in players, so you're not going to be number one choice. Obviously anything can happen in the season, but I'm looking out for you, your best interest, if you have another year then it could harm you.'
“I think that was the case too as if I'd played even half the games this season, then it might have been a different story, but obviously, it was one of those things.
“Anything can happen in pre-season. If you do really well then you're in the team, but to be fair to be him, they took into consideration this year, so they said, ‘you're probably you're better off going somewhere else and just playing football,' so that was literally the conversation.”
Despite their departure, D'Ath was thrilled to have been a Hatter, adding: “Even before I signed for Luton, I loved playing at Kenilworth Road, so I loved every minute when I was there.
“I've made really good friends, the lads, the staff, the training ground, the facilities are unbelievable, everything about it.
“It was a good place to be, so it's a shame, but it's football.”
Greg Olsen just wrapped up their 11th season in the NFL.  They are one of the wisest men in the world in their field -- at tight end.
So Olsen is an educated voice in analyzing the two Super Bowl tight ends, Rob Gronkowski and Zach Ertz. Olsen will be a guest analyst for ESPN's NFL Countdown Show on Super Bowl Sunday, but before that, they gave ThePostGame a scouting report on Gronkowski and Ertz.
"I think they're very different," Olsen says. "What they're asked to do within their offenses, it's very hard to compare guys just truly apples to apples because guys are asked to do different things. they fit differently, there are different schemes. I think they're very different players. Rob obviously is a big, physical guy. They use their body really well. They create a lot of big chunk plays down the field. Him and Brady have been doing this at a high level as good as anyone has ever done it for a long time now.
"I think a guy like Ertz is a bit more of a versatile, can move around, almost a little bit more of a wide receiver-type body. But again, very dynamic, very athletic, and really a guy that has been a guy that people have really counted on to have this kind of year since they came out of Stanford. And he's always been very talented and I think now finally with Doug Pederson's offense, and obviously with Wentz early and now Foles, he's really had the year that everyone knows they could have. I've always been a fan of both of them from afar for years and I think it's cool for this game to be highlighted with two of the best pass-catching tight ends, two of the best overall tight ends in the game."
Olsen might as well be a tight end politician. Considering they are still playing, they are trying not to play favorites with their constituents.
But who is the better blocker?
"Again, I think it's what you're asked to do. In the zone scheme of the Patriots, I think they ask Rob to do a lot. Obviously, he's a big body, a big strong guy, but Ertz can get in there. They have Celek do a little bit more of the 'point of attack' stuff, and that allows Ertz to be a little bit more of the 'move guy.' So, again, different types of stuff. Ertz is in the backfield more, Rob can get up on the line of scrimmage. Again, different offenses, different styles of play individually, not everyone is asked to do at the exact same thing."
Thank you for that lesson, Professor Olsen.
Olsen spoke to ThePostGame on behalf of Coca-Cola, one of Olsen's common partners in their charity work. Olsen's work in the community, especially with HEARTest Yard Fund, which they and wife Kara founded after their son, T.J., was diagnosed with Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome, has made them a finalist for the Walter Payton Man of the Year Award, which will be announced Saturday night.
-- Follow Jeff Eisenband on Twitter @JeffEisenband. Like Jeff Eisenband on Facebook.
Voter turnout was high this week as Petersburg residents decided the mayor's race, two assembly seats and seven ballot questions.
Turnout was over 43 percent this year, just topping the 42 percent turnout in last's year's election that included a prohibition vote on marijuana. Just two years ago the turnout was near record lows at under 16 percent.
Mark Jensen will return to the mayor's seat, taking 56 percent of the vote on Tuesday. The welder and commercial fisherman resigned that post in May but was convinced to run in the election. Jensen agrees they and the assembly have some tough decisions coming up with a tight borough budget.
“We'll see what happens with Secure Rural Schools funding and revenue sharing from the state,” Jensen said. “The special starting in Juneau on the 23rd I believe it is, is going to be interesting. The governor's going to be proposing some new taxes. I haven't really looked into that in depth. But yeah, there's definitely going to be some adjustments we're gonna have to make and who knows if that's gonna be in services or how we're gonna respond with the money we have.”
Jensen beat Cindi Lagoudakis, who's retired from the U.S. Forest Service. They were vice mayor at the time and took over for Jensen as mayor. They were glad for the strong turnout Tuesday.
“I was very thankful for the folks who came out and supported me and I think there's a lot of work ahead for the new assembly,” Lagoudakis said. “It's gonna be a challenge. We have some fiscal challenges statewide that we're gonna have to react to and it's going to be very important for the assembly to listen to the public and to be creative and to come together and to work by consensus. They definitely have their work cut out for them.”
Lagoudakis was only the second woman to be mayor in Petersburg.
One incumbent was elected to the borough assembly after being appointed to fill a vacancy there this year. Alaska Department of Fish and Game research diver and former mayor Jeff Meucci was the top vote getter in a six-person race for two seats and was glad to see so much interest in the seats.
“It gave the community a chance to find somebody that they liked and who would maybe look at the budget stuff that's going on in town,” Meucci said. “I'm just happy that we had a bunch of good people that ran for the assembly and the mayor's seat. It's a good thing when you have competition and I think, I'm happy with the way things turned out.”
Meucci was also happy voters supported funding for a small vessel haul out yard in Scow Bay, one of the seven questions on the ballot.
Petersburg Fisheries electrician Brandi Marohl, who was on the school board this past year, is in second in that assembly race and looks to be winning the other assembly seat. She's outpacing incumbent and retired Forest Service employee Bob Lynn who won't keep their seat, coming in third.
“I'm very thankful for all the community support and the voter turnout was fantastic,” Marohl said. “You know it's very overwhelming and I was honestly quite thrilled and relieved. I was definitely nervous. It's not a very comfortable feeling to be voted on.”
Both Marohl and Jensen supported an unsuccessful effort to recall of most of the assembly earlier this year. That was over concerns with a discussion about management of the Power and Light department held by the assembly behind closed doors. Marohl thinks a message from the election is that the public wants borough business done out in the open.
“By the voting direction I think that it seems that the voters are ready for a change in direction in both the assembly, management,” they said.
For their part, Lynn thanked people who voted for them and wished the assembly success.
As for ballot questions, voters decided to keep adding fluoride to Petersburg's water, with 61 percent in favor, against 39 percent wanting to stop adding fluoride. Borough resident Dana Thynes campaigned to end fluoride and says she's disappointed in the result.
“It just shows me that most people are happy to let someone else do their heavy thinking for them and not wanting to research on their own because obviously we did not persuade quite a few people or else they never heard what we had to say,” Thynes said.
Before the election fluoride opponents said they'd bring the issue back next year if they weren't successful this year. Voters here have now backed fluoride use three times in just over four decades and the margin of victory for fluoride has grown since the last vote in 1998.
ATVs will not be allowed on the streets of Petersburg. Nearly 59 percent against that measure, with 41 percent in favor. The supporter of that initiative Richard Burke says he's disappointed in the result but happy that it did so well. Since they didn't win a seat on the assembly, he's hoping for an appointment back on the planning commission.
Voters also supported a charter change for the Kupreanof dock, approved one sales tax exemption change while voting down an increase in the sales tax cap. Support was also there for design work funding on a small vessel haul out and boatyard.
The numbers are in for write-in candidates and the race is decided for a school board seat. Janine Gibbons has received 211 votes and Meredith Evens has received 180. That means Gibbons will be on the school board along with incumbent Sarah Holmgrain. They were re-elected with 925 votes. Gibbons takes over the seat that was held by Brandi Marohl who has been elected to the borough assembly.
Other write in candidates were not in contested races. Tor Benson and Sally Dwyer will win seats on the planning commission along with incumbent Chris Fry.
Scott Newman and Don Spigelmyre will be on the harbor board along with incumbent Mike Bangs who was re-elected.
Jerod Cook and Tim Koeneman will be on the hospital board along with George Doyle, also elected to a seat.
Cynthia McDonell, Marilyn Menish-Meucci and Lizzie Thompson were on the ballot and will be on the library advisory board and Stan Hjort was elected to the public safety advisory board.
There are few things in life more magical than flying. Even better is when we take someone else along for the ride.
Whether our passengers are kids or kids at heart, nurturing their interest is key. Some may want to become pilots themselves. Others are happy to be passengers.
While a few are interested, many need a little more knowledge before signing up to be a plus one. Whatever the case, there's a new program that aims to stoke the flames of interest.
Pilot Plus One was created by Jolie Lucas. The idea is simple. Provide education, inspiration and adventure to those flying left, right or back-seat. So how will Jolie do this?
Pilot Plus One is a one-day seminar that kicked off at the first AOPA Regional Fly-In in Camarillo, California, back in April and will continue at each of the next three AOPA fly-ins in Norman, Okla. (Sept. 8-9), Groton, Conn. (Oct. 6-7), and Tampa, Fla. (Oct. 27-28).
By attracting experts in a variety of topics that relate to the adventure that is aviation, Jolie and their crew of presenters seek to “educate and inspire pilots and companions to have great adventures in the airplane.”
Topics and their speakers include:
More Than Just the $100 Hamburger: Fun destinations to fly by George Kounis, Pilot Getaways Magazine;
Getting to Know Your Airplane: Familiarization for non-pilots by Jolie Lucas and Jan Maxwell (Mooney Girls);
Overcoming Fear Unleashing Potential: Addresses common fears of pilots and right-seat flyers by Robert DeLaurentis, pilot, author, and philanthropist;
Picture Perfect: Tips and techniques to get the best in-flight and destination photos by professional aviation photographer Jim Koepnick;
Right Seat Ready! Companion safety seminar by co-founders Jan Maxwell and Jolie Lucas. This session covers aircraft control, emergency communications, navigation, heads-up flight display, and landings.
So, if you have a Plus One in mind, Pilot Plus One might be just the ticket.
Cost for the one-day seminar is $105 (single) or $180 (couple/pair) for AOPA members and $155 (single) and $230 (couple/pair) for non-members.
When George Clooney met Amal Alamuddin, their chemistry was obvious to those around them — including George's parents. Their father, Nick, told People that George and Amal met during a dinner gathering in 2013, and both Nick and their wife, Nina, were there. In fact, George's parents answered the door when Amal arrived, and they made a great first impression.
"She introduced themselves to us and we talked," they said. "She was obviously very charming, gorgeous, and so clearly accomplished, but by the time we had supper that night, it was clear there was a kindness to them and an inclusiveness."
And as for George's reaction to Amal, the actor was definitely impressed. He's talked about that night publicly, saying that they were a friend of a friend who came to visit, and they "chased them for many months" afterward. As George's dad explained, "By the end of supper, I started looking over at Nina and saying, 'Look ouuuut, this could be trouble for this young man!'"
George has revealed that they knew "fairly quickly" that they wanted to spend the rest of their life with Amal, and according to their parents, sparks flew instantly. "I really think by the time that first [meeting] was over, theirs and their fates were sealed, both of them," their father said. "She was so remarkable and they were so remarkable around her."
Since then, the couple has shared plenty of sweet moments together, most recently welcoming twins Ella and Alexander, a girl and a boy.
Two-time defending champion Oracle Team USA has unveiled the 50-foot catamaran it will sail in the 35th America's Cup in Bermuda this year.
Skipper Jimmy Spithill says the boat, which is just longer than 49 feet, is more refined than the 45-foot cat the syndicate has been training in.
Says Spithill: "Now it really starts for this boat. There are 100 days to go and the clock's ticking. We really need to put some hours on it."
Qualifying races begin May 26. The America's Cup match, between Oracle and the winner of the challenger series, will begin June 17.
Oracle unveiled its new catamaran on Tuesday night. It will launch and christen it with champagne on Wednesday, and begin dockside testing. It will go for its first sail as soon as the weather permits.
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Constantin Reliu learned in January that they were dead.
After more than 20 years of working as a cook in Turkey, the 63-year-old returned home to Romania to discover that their wife had had them officially registered as dead.
They have since been living a legalistic nightmare of trying to prove to authorities that they are, in fact, alive. They faced a major setback Thursday when a court in the northeastern city of Vaslui refused to overturn their death certificate because their request was filed “too late.”
The decision, the court said, is final.
“I am a living ghost,” Reliu told The Associated Press in a phone interview Friday from their home in Barlad, northeastern Romania.
“I am officially dead, although I'm alive,” they said. “I have no income and because I am listed as dead, I can't do anything.”
During the interview, Reliu was deeply emotional, starting off by saying “I think I am going to cry” and going on to voice rage and a desire for revenge against their wife, who now lives in Italy.
“I am not sure whether I am divorced or not,” they said. “I am not sure whether they are married to someone else or not. Nobody will tell me.”
Reliu explained that they first went to work in Turkey in 1992 and returned in 1995 to the first big shock of their marriage — their wife's infidelity. In 1999, they decided to return to Turkey for good.
The AP was not able to locate their wife to hear their side of the story.
Last December Turkish authorities detained them over expired papers and in January deported them to Romania.
Upon landing at Bucharest airport, they were informed by border officials that they had been officially declared dead and underwent six hours of questioning and tests.
They measured the distance between their eyes to see if it corresponded to an old passport photograph; they asked them questions about their home town, such as where the town hall was; they checked their fingerprints.
“They decided that it was me!” they said.
But authorities in Barlad were less convinced. They spent weeks trying to persuade them to issue them papers so that they officially “existed,” they said. When that failed, they asked them to overturn the ruling on their death certificate, issued in 2016, which also ended in failure Thursday on procedural grounds.
Reliu said they would like to file a fresh lawsuit but has no money and suffers from diabetes, which makes everything more difficult.
They also said they have been banned for life from returning to Turkey but would like to write to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to appeal the decision.
© Global Look Press
The camp is reportedly hosting around 60,000 women and children from Raqqa and Deir ez-Zor.
The 100km area around the US Al-Tanf base near the Syrian-Jordanian border has become a "black hole" which ISIS terrorists use to carry out attacks against Syrian troops and civilians, the Russian Defense Ministry said.set up by the US in April 2017 near the border town of Al-Tanf,(IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) terrorists in Deir ez-Zor province, the statement says."Unlawful establishment by the US of this military base on Syria-Jordan border in April this year has been publicly justified by 'the need to conduct operations against IS,'" the statement reads."Though the Pentagon repeatedly claimed that the base is used to train the so-called 'New Syrian Army' by the coalition instructors from the US, the UK and Norway," it has become "a 100-kilometer black hole" on the Syria-Jordan border, the statement added.The refugees in Rukban serve as a "human shield" for the American base, the ministry's spokesperson, Major-General Igor Konashenkov, said."The coalition's mission in Syria is to defeat ISIS and prevent its return to liberated areas. Any claims to the contrary are ridiculous," a spokesperson told Sputnik news agency. "US forces operating in Syrian territory operate under authorities to combat terrorism, and will continue to advise and assist partner forces as long as ISIS remains either a conventional or insurgent threat.This is not the first time the defense ministry has accused the US of siding with terrorist groups. In late September, the Russian military released aerial images purportedly showing American hardware and equipment in the area north of Deir ez-Zor, controlled by IS.The images "clearly show that US special ops are stationed at the outposts previously set up by ISIS militants," the Defense Ministry said in a statement.Though the US outposts are located in IS-controlled areas, "no screening patrol has been organized at them," which could indicate the US troops "feel absolutely safe" in the area held by the terrorists, the defense ministry said.Earlier, Rossiya 24 TV filmed a man who said they were an US-trained rebel defector named Assad As-Salem. They claimed that the commander of their unit traded US-made weapons and ammunition to IS while the Americans turned a blind eye."When we learned that our unit's leader was selling weapons to ISIS terrorists, we reported that to American base command, but following our report no action has been taken, the Americans only ramped up the support to the man who was appointed our commander and who was dealing with ISIS," As-Salem claimed in the interview.Earlier, claims that the US-led coalition in Syria has any links to IS were vehemently denied by the Pentagon, calling them "baseless" and "unhelpful."
Chuck Pagano expressed their confidence that they will return as the Colts head coach next season, stating that they are blaming themselves for the team's inability to get into the playoffs and explaining their "Burger King mentality." (0:41)
INDIANAPOLIS -- Chuck Pagano said Monday that they expect to remain coach of the Colts despite not meeting with owner Jim Irsay yet.
"That's the plan," Pagano said of returning.
Pagano opened their news conference with a speech that lasted more than 11 minutes before they were finally asked about their job status. They said they planned to meet with Irsay at some point Monday like they do after every season.
Chuck Pagano's Colts have finished at .500 the past two seasons. Thomas J. Russo/USA TODAY Sports
"Everybody wants answers," Pagano said. "My kids, my wife."
Pagano has three years remaining on their contract, but the Colts are coming off back-to-back 8-8 seasons that had them missing the playoffs.
League sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter on Sunday that Irsay has been "very unhappy" with their team's performance and that Colts coaches are worried about their jobs.
"We understand that 8-8's not good enough, and that's on me," Pagano said. "That's unacceptable. We know what the expectations are. Mr. Irsay always gives us everything that we need. They let us go out a year ago and try to put together a great staff. Always gives us all the resources. and I'm grateful to Jim for that. I know we got the right staff and the right guys in the locker room."
The news conference reached a tense moment when a member of the media relations staff, Avis Roper, cut off a question to Pagano about the last time they had talked to Irsay. Pagano said they talked to Irsay after Sunday's 24-20 victory over Jacksonville before the follow-up question was cut off.
Pagano is 48-31 in five seasons with the Colts.
Petra Kvitova could be in line for a shock return at the French Open after recovering from hand injuries quicker than expected.
The 27-year-old suffered serious injuries to their racket-holding left hand in an attack by an intruder at their apartment in the Czech Republic in December.
The two-time Wimbledon champion was expected to miss most of the 2017 season, but they announced on social media that they will be submitting their entry for Roland Garros, which begins on May 22, after making progress in their recovery.
They posted on Instagram: "Hello everyone! I wanted to provide a quick [and hopefully positive] update for you.
"My name will appear on the entry list for Roland Garros because, as the entry deadline approached, I had made good progress in my recovery process and I want to give myself every last opportunity to be able to compete at one of my favourite events.
"This unfortunately does not mean necessarily that I will be ready to play in Paris, but that I'm doing everything possible to give myself the chance and keep a positive mindset.
"There remains a long road ahead but I wanted to share this update with you. Thanks for your continued support and I hope to see you soon, Petra."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - India's Bayer Cropscience Ltd:
* DEC QUARTER PROFIT 107 MILLION RUPEES VERSUS 368 MILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR
* DEC QUARTER REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS 4.80 BILLION RUPEES VERSUS 6.95 BILLION RUPEES LAST YEAR Source text - bit.ly/2s1W49i Further company coverage:
Uber Comfort tie-up also gives Uber a much-needed validation of its strategy. Photo: AP
Hong Kong: Miniatures of ComfortDelgro Corp. taxis are popular children's toys in Singapore. Not for long, though. The ubiquitous blue and yellow Toyota Crown cabs are leaving the realm of kids' imagination and heading for grownup nostalgia. One day soon, they'll belong in a museum.
The end is nigh for the conventional taxi business, though that's not what Comfort said in a press release announcing the purchase of 51% of Uber Technologies Inc.'s Singapore car rental unit for S$295 million ($218 million) in cash.
The deal gives Comfort, the city-state's largest taxi operator, access to a fleet of 12,450 private-hire vehicles at a 10% discount to their net asset value, according to Nomura Holdings Inc. research. ComfortDelgro shares were up as much as 4.7% on Monday morning.
But the acquisition, which is yet to be approved by regulators, isn't really about the fleet. It's about drivers and customers. As part of the agreement, all Comfort taxis will be on the Uber ride-sharing app in addition to Comfort's own booking system. That should help boost drivers' earnings by reducing their downtime. Uber gets hard cash to pump into its competition with Grab, a regional rival that claims to be the customers' No. 1 choice in Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand and the Philippines.
The tie-up also gives Uber a much-needed validation of its strategy. The Orange County, California, model in which part-time drivers use their cars as a productive asset has no hope in Asia, where drivers are cheap but cars are expensive. It makes more sense to enrol the existing large pool of professional drivers, help them with car ownership or rentals, and give them access to the app.
Brooks Entwistle, a former chairperson of Goldman Sachs Southeast Asia who joined Uber in August, will do precisely that. Bringing taxis on board won't necessarily involve equity deals: Recently, the app returned to Taipei, where it had been banned in February, in collaboration with Taiwanese taxi companies. Expect more such arrangements in the future.
Working with fleet owners could help win over transport regulators, leaving Uber free to take on real competition. After losing China to Didi Chuxing, the fall of Singapore would mean curtains for Uber in Southeast Asia.
Do expect Grab, which has been busy poaching Comfort drivers, to lay out a thick carpet of discounts for customers in 2018. As for Comfort, with the city's taxi population at an eight-year low, and no hope of a revival in sight, the operator will simply have to go on reinventing itself as a fleet owner and manager for Uber. That's a practical decision, because it's impossible to charge a high daily rental from cabbies now; the rise of ride-hailing means more drivers are willing to forgo the privilege of picking up street fares.
This change is irreversible. Singapore's taxi business, feeling lost and forlorn amid the Uber-Grab rivalry, is destined to end up as a museum piece. Bloomberg Gadfly
THOSE attending Anzac Day commemorations at the cenotaph in Bellingen may notice a revitalisation has taken place.
In 2016 Bellingen Shire Council was awarded $27,000 by the Department of Liquor and Gaming's War Memorials Community Grant Program to improve the Bellingen War Memorial and create a suitable and dignified space.
Works completed include cleaning the cenotaph, repainting the granite block work and inscriptions, replacing the damaged concrete bollards and chains, adding lights, providing power, replacing the flagpole and installing interpretive signage.
The signage incorporates a photo of the Junior Red Cross attending Anzac Day ceremonies during the early 1940s and the narrative captures the memorial's heritage enabling visitors and residents to understand its history and importance.
Bellingen Mayor, Cr Dominic King, said the end result is a beautiful new space that provides an accessible, safe and contemplative place to sit.
"This project demonstrates Bellingen's ongoing commitment to honouring ex-service men and women and reminds us of the sacrifices made by many in our community,” they said.
"I would like to thank the many people who were involved in the revitalisation project, especially Rick Maunder and Susan Lumsdaine of the Bellinger River RSL Sub Branch for their enormous contribution and guidance.”
KARACHI, Jul 04 (APP):The Chairman, Pakistan Tehreek e Insaaf (PTI), Imran Khan coming hard on
unscrupulous elements exploiting housing needs of the masses here on Wednesday
invited members of Association of Builders and Developers (ABAD) to join them in theirs
endeavour to provide quality living to the masses.
Announcing the Housing Policy envisaged by their party, the
PTI chief addressing a session organised by ABAD at its head
office (ABAD House), said housing itself is a major indicator of
development and strong economy with all potential to generate
employment opportunities for millions others.
“It is with this very approach that PTI if voted to power will
build 500,000 houses in five years time for low income groups,” said
Imran Khan seeking close collaboration between public and private
sectors.
This they said was extremely crucial as the country with one of the
highest internal migration rates (from rural to urban centres) in the
world urgently needed an efficient and cost efficient mechanism.
The PTI envisaged Housing Policy, they said was consequent to
series of brain storming sessions within the party as well as with the
reputable and qualified professionals.
“We have to put it into action for revival of the country's
economy and streamlining of 100 to 200 associated industries,” they
said.
PTI was said to announce a full-fledged National Housing Policy
with equal attention towards provision for affordable and small loans
for the masses as well as the builders.
“This is a challenge and I know PTI will succeed as it had in its
a billion tree schemes at KPK,” said Imran Khan mentioning that it was a
gigantic task in itself and PTI government managed to overcome all
hurdles.
“We were faced with a strong timber mafia and had to lose
precious lives of some 10 forest guards yet did achieve the target
that was also internationally recognized,” they said.
Assuring ABAD that all cooperation will be extended to them, Khan
said to facilitate builders a single window operation” will be
initiated with equal attention that infrastructure is developed in
actual sense and on strong lines.
Mentioning that their father themselves was one of the pioneer members
of ABAD, the PTI chief said competent, professional and honest
builders and developers are invited to join the PTI initiative.
ABAD Chairman, Khalid Cheema and other office bearers of ABAD on
the occasion thanked Imran Khan for taking them on board and assured
their optimum support for the cause.
From the official NHL release:
MATTHEWS, KREIDER AND FLEURY NAMED NHL ‘THREE STARS' OF THE WEEK
NEW YORK (Jan. 2, 2017) – Toronto Maple Leafs center Auston Matthews, New York Rangers left wing Chris Kreider and Pittsburgh Penguins goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury have been named the NHL's “Three Stars” for the week ending Jan. 1.
FIRST STAR – AUSTON MATTHEWS, C, TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS
Matthews led the NHL with 4-2—6 in three outings, all multi-point performances, to help the Maple Leafs (17-12-7, 41 points) complete a perfect week, capped by a victory in the 2017 Scotiabank NHL Centennial Classic. They registered 1-1—2 in both a 3-2 shootout win over the Florida Panthers Dec. 28 and a 3-2 overtime triumph against the Tampa Bay Lightning Dec. 29. Matthews then scored twice, including their first career overtime goal, in a 5-4 victory over the Detroit Red Wings in the 2017 Scotiabank NHL Centennial Classic Jan. 1. The 19-year-old Scottsdale, Ariz., native paces rookies in goals (20), points (32) and game-winning goals (t-3) through 36 contests this season, aided by 6-3—9 during a six-game point streak and 14-5—19 in 17 outings dating to Nov. 23.
SECOND STAR – CHRIS KREIDER, LW, NEW YORK RANGERS
Kreider shared the League lead with four goals in three games (4-1—5) to power the Rangers (26-12-1, 53 points) to a trio of victories. They collected one assist in a 4-3 comeback win against the Ottawa Senators Dec. 27 and one goal in a 6-3 triumph over the Arizona Coyotes Dec. 29. Kreider then closed the calendar year with their second career hat trick (also Nov. 30, 2013) in a 6-2 victory against the Colorado Avalanche Dec. 31. The 25-year-old Boxford, Mass., native paces the Rangers with 15 goals and ranks second on the team with 29 points in 33 outings this season, including 7-2—9 in their last six contests.
THIRD STAR – MARC-ANDRE FLEURY, G, PITTSBURGH PENGUINS
Fleury turned aside 77 of the 82 shots they faced (2.13 GAA, .939 SV%) to guide the Penguins (25-8-5, 55 points) to three wins. They made 21 saves in a 5-2 triumph over the New Jersey Devils Dec. 27. Fleury then filled in for an injured Matt Murray, stopping all 19 shots they saw in the third period of a 3-2 victory against the Carolina Hurricanes Dec. 28. They capped the week with 37 saves in a 4-3 overtime win against the Montreal Canadiens Dec. 31. The 32-year-old Sorel, Que., native owns a 12-5-4 record with a 3.12 goals-against average and .909 save percentage in 24 appearances this season.
Security startup Canary is bringing a handful of new features to its existing camera products, the all-in-one and Flex. Most notable here is the addition of two-way audio, which has been conspicuously absent from the company's products and ranks as their “most demanded feature,” according to Canary.
The feature lets users speak through the camera, using a mobile device with the Canary app installed. That means you can talk to kids, nannies or speak to pets — which is something I definitely don't do. I do, however, speak to number of security camera makers, and they tell me that many users want this kind of feature enabled as a way to scare off would-be intruders, the minute the device's motion detector is triggered.
Terrifying a potential burglar sounds fairly cathartic and is a pretty solid argument for picking up a security cam in and of itself.
That feature is available now for the standard all-in-one Canary camera and is hitting the Flex next month. Oddly, it requires a membership to Canary's $10 a month subscription plan to utilize, as does desktop streaming from the company's newly introduced Web app. That feature moves surveillance beyond Android and iOS to the PC, which should make it easier to check in on things while you're at work.
In addition to those features, the company says it's also reduced the latency of real-time streaming to the app, which should make the two-way talk functionality less like watching a bad CNN satellite hook up. Notably absent in all of this is Echo Show functionality. Live views of security cams is one of the device's most killer functions, and Amazon seems to have enlisted just about all of the connected security camera companies other than Canary.
Now that this refreshed functionality has arrived, hopefully that's next up on the company's feature list.
RED HOOK, N.Y. (AP)  Police in New York say a car going 166 mph slammed into the back of another vehicle moments later, though both drivers escaped injury.
Police in the Dutchess County town of Red Hook tell the Kingston Daily Freeman (http://bit.ly/2z2XJeg ) that an officer was driving on Route 9G late Wednesday night when they were passed by a 2004 Audi traveling at 140 mph. Police say the Audi driver then accelerated to 166 mph.
Authorities say a short time later the car rear-ended a Jeep. Police say they don't know how fast the Audi was going when it crashed.
Police say the 27-year-old man from nearby Staatsburg who was driving the Audi was ticketed for reckless driving, unlawfully fleeing a police officer and several traffic infractions.
ABC has given a pilot order to an untitled single-camera comedy from writer Bobby Bowman about a family dealing with mental illness.
The ABC Studios pilot was inspired by Bowman's experience growing up with a father who grappled with mental illness. The project is described as an uplifting look at a dysfunctional family that “perseveres despite their differences and finds happiness in unexpected places.”
Bowman wrote the script and will executive produce with Dawn Ostroff and Jon Koa of Conde Nast Entertainment. Greg Walter of 3 Arts Entertainment is a producer.
Bowman is a broadcast sitcom veteran, having worked on CBS' “Yes, Dear” and “The Millers,” NBC's “My Name Is Earl,” and Fox's “Raising Hope.” This pilot season they also co-wrote a Fox comedy with Peter Murrieta, “Bell Heights,” for Eva Longoria's UnbeliEVAble Entertainment.
The untitled ABC project marks one of Conde Nast Entertainment's first forays into scripted TV series. The company has previously produced a number of unscripted and digital properties, including “Last Chance U” on Netflix, “Vanity Fair Confidential” on Investigation Discovery, and “The Fashion Fund” on Amazon.
The Bowman project marks ABC's seventh comedy pilot order for the 2018-19 development cycle. The Alphabet has also given a series order to a project about a fading movie star from “Black-ish” creator Kenya Barris and Julie Bean.
Bowman is repped by ICM Partners.
(Pictured: Bobby Bowman)
“I'm just very excited because it is a big experience,” said lead Chloe Arnaud, 19, a human sciences student at Collège d'Alma “We watch the Scotties on the TV and it's a dream to play with this team.”
Yet there was the Team Quebec skip leading their junior team to a 3-4 record in their first Canadian women's curling championship, finishing sixth in Pool B. And all before they or any of their teammates turn 20.
PENTICTON, B.C.—Emilia Gagne never thought they would play in the Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
“We're just playing against the rocks,” they said.
Gagne said a team meeting led to their success. They talked about not focusing on who they were playing, but the game itself.
They entered the national championships as upstarts that had surprised in their provincial tournament. Facing their Quebec idols, the 18-year-old Gagne said they were a bit intimidated by the opposition. They finished 4-3 in round-robin pitting them in a tiebreaker against Roxanne Perron and winning 8-4 to advance to the semifinal against the host club's Marie-France Larouche. They prevailed 8-7 by scoring a deuce in the final end. They then faced former Quebec champion Eve Belisle, who has competed in three Scotties. Gagne stole the extra end to win 7-6.
They maintained that mentality at the Scotties. They didn't focus on names such as Alberta's Casey Scheidegger or Team Canada's Michelle Englot.
“To win we have to make the shots,” said Gagne, who idolizes five-time national champion and Olympic gold medallist Jennifer Jones of Manitoba because of how they act on the ice and with their teammates. “Yeah, we played against great teams, great players.”
Second Marie-Pier Harvey, with the help of Gagne as a translator, said playing in the women's national curling championship has been really good because it can make them better for next season and the future.
“To play against the best, that's how you become the best,” said Harvey, a 17-year-old nursing student at Collège d'Alma.
Being the least experienced team in the tournament, Quebec focused on keeping scores tight to put pressure on their opponents. Their only other lopsided loss was 10-4 to B.C. They defeated Nunavut 9-2, lost to Canada 6-5, Ontario 7-5 and picked up wins against Prince Edward Island 8-6 and Newfoundland and Labrador 9-7. Their next match is a placement game against Saskatchewan.
“This week we were here to get experience, so when we come back, we will have higher expectations,” said Gagne.
The Quebec rink learned about the importance of physical preparation to get through the lengthy Tournament of Hearts and avoid fatigue or mental exhaustion.
Scheidegger believes fans will see this team again because they are loaded with potential.
“I don't think this is the last time we will see them at the Scotties,” they said. “We joked before the game, ‘They will be here lots more. We might only be here once so they can give us one.'”
What makes the teenage group special to Scheidegger is their chemistry. They have seen them work well together with positive energy.
“They bring a lot of energy. There are a couple of things here and there that they can work on,” said Scheidegger, noting that Gagne and their teammates are always high-fiving each other and wear smiles after each game.
Joel Gagne, Emilia's father, was impressed with their determination. They feel they proved they can play with other Scotties teams.
“We need to be very proud of what we have done,” said the younger Gagne, adding that having three wins is even better than what they expected.
Xiaomi needs to embrace the offline market in 2017.
When Xiaomi burst onto the scene in 2012, it did so with little fanfare and zero reliance on advertising. The company was the first to understand the potential of online-only sales, and in the following four years, it would grow to dominate this field.
However, Xiaomi's competition has similarly latched onto online sales, and while the company still controls a majority of the mindshare in China and India — its two largest markets — it has seen its market share and sales numbers erode in 2016.
According to the latest IDC figures, Xiaomi managed to sell just 41.5 million smartphones in 2016 in China, a 36% decrease from the 64.9 million it sold in 2015. As a result, the company's market share in China went down from 15.1% in 2015 to 8.9% at the end of 2016.
Here's what the company needs to address this year to turn the tide.
Go offline
Most of Xiaomi's fallacies in 2016 had nothing to do with the products it launched, but with the way it distributed them. While the company continued to excel at online sales, manufacturers like OPPO and Vivo focused their attention on the far more lucrative offline segment, resulting in both brands effectively doubling their sales from 2015 to 2016.
Xiaomi CEO Lei Jun admitted as much in a letter to employees at the end of last year, stating that the company needs to "upgrade" its retail strategy.
Jun outlined a vision wherein Xiaomi would launch over 1,000 retail stores in China over the course of the next three years, with the first 200 stores set to open this year. Although Xiaomi has a few stores in select locations in the country — particularly in urban centers — the brand needs to turn its attention to tier 2 and tier 3 cities, areas that are dominated by OPPO and Vivo.
Xiaomi needs to convert mindshare into market share.
Xiaomi won't be able to set up an offline distribution network right away, and doing so doesn't line up with the way the company functions. But by focusing on a few strategic locations and establishing a retail presence there would go a long way in securing new customers.
It needs to undertake the same strategy in India as well. While e-commerce is on the rise in the subcontinent, a majority of sales are conducted through offline stores. There's no dearth of mindshare when it comes to the handset segment in India for Xiaomi, and by reaching out to consumers through offline stores, it will be able to translate that into market share.
Better after-sales service
The biggest issue that Xiaomi faces in India is after-sales service, or lack thereof. The company's social media pages and forums are littered with complaints of unreliable customer service.
After-sales support is often a deciding factor for most buyers when picking up a phone in India, and for good reason. The recent influx of Chinese manufacturers and the e-commerce boom has made it easier to buy phones, but a severe lack of after-sales infrastructure and inadequate availability of spare parts has led to consumers being wary of new-age brands.
That's one of the main reasons why Samsung is able to sell millions of Galaxy J devices in India despite the fact that most of the South Korean manufacturer's entry-level handsets are utter garbage. There's a lot of consumer trust in Samsung, and with the Note 7 never making its way to India, that trust is still intact.
Xiaomi, for its part, announced last month that it was partnering with customer care provider B2X to expand its service network in India. Xiaomi customers will be able to walk into 31 service centers across India for any assistance with either their phones or Mi-branded accessories.
Launch Mi Ecosystem everywhere
With sales in the smartphone segment plateauing, Xiaomi is looking to its Mi Ecosystem platform to be the growth driver in the future. With the ecosystem model, Xiaomi collaborates with hardware startups, providing them with financing and getting them in touch with its supply chain partners, and in return putting up the finished product for sale on its own portal.
For instance, the $15 Mi Band and its successor, the Mi Band 2, were made by Huami, and marketed by Xiaomi. Similarly, the $250 Mi Robot vacuum cleaner is made by Rockrobo and then sold on Xiaomi's website in China.
We need more Mi Ecosystem products in other countries.
The ecosystem model offers Xiaomi new avenues of growth without having to dedicate its in-house resources on building new categories. The main issue with the ecosystem products is their availability. Over the course of 2016, Xiaomi introduced a smart rice cooker, the asupervisorstioned robot vacuum, LED lighting for your home, and so much more. During the launch of the rice cooker, Xiaomi mentioned that in the 28 brands it has partnered with for the ecosystem model, two have crossed $1 billion in sales, with seven crossing $100 million.
While that's a considerable figure, Xiaomi needs to bring its Mi Ecosystem products to other markets. Instead of launching all of its products at once, Xiaomi said that it would evaluate the feasibility on a per-product basis, ultimately making the decision based on whether that particular product would sell well in the country.
Xiaomi is already off to a great start in 2017 thanks to the Redmi Note 4, but for the brand to build momentum and attract new customers, it needs to target where the majority of the buyers are. And that means offline stores and the introduction of new product categories.
Colon cancer signs can include persistent cramps and changes in bowel habits, along with bloody stools.
Photo: champja, Getty Images/iStockphoto
Most people should start screening tests for colon and rectal cancers at age 45, rather than waiting for age 50, as long recommended, the American Cancer Society said Wednesday.
The group said the initial test does not have to be a colonoscopy, a procedure that typically requires a day off from work and an often-unpleasant bowel cleansing routine. Instead, it could be one of several other tests, including home stool tests available by prescription.
Other expert groups still recommend starting at age 50. That's the stance of the influential U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, which last reviewed the issue in 2016.
But the shift by the cancer society is based on new information about the rise in colon and rectal cancer among younger adults, said Andrew Wolf, an associate professor of medicine at the University of Virginia. They led the group writing the new recommendations.
Colon and rectal cancers have increased 51 percent among adults under age 50 since 1994, the cancer society said.
“We don't know why it's going on,” Wolf said, noting that suspects include obesity and poor diet. “But it's increasingly clear that it is happening.”
OBESITY: Linked to 12 types of cancer
DIET: Bacon, alcohol linked to colon and other cancers
Meanwhile, cases and deaths have fallen in older adults, at least partly because of screening, which can lead to the detection and removal of polyps before they become cancerous.
Most of the nation's 140,000 annual cases and 50,000 deaths from colon and rectal cancer still occur among people over age 55. But the share of cases involving younger adults has risen to 29 percent for rectal cancer and 17 percent for colon cancer, a recent study showed.
While few trials have looked at screening 45-year-olds, new statistical models reviewed by the cancer society showed that the younger group should benefit nearly as much as slightly older adults do, Wolf said. But because the evidence is not as strong, the society said its recommendation for screening at 45 was “qualified.”
That means that “we hope that doctors will look at this and at least start discussions of colorectal cancer screening with their 45-year-old patients,” Wolf said.
It could be a complicated discussion. Not only do major groups now differ on starting ages, they also differ on how strongly they recommend various tests.
A group representing three professional societies of gastroenterologists said in 2017 that African Americans should start screening at 45, because they are at increased risk, but that others should wait until age 50. It also said the best tests are colonoscopies every 10 years or a test called FIT (fecal immunochemical testing) to check for blood in the stool every year.
The group gave lower rankings to other screening strategies, including CT scans every five years or a stool test that checks for both blood and DNA changes every three years.
By contrast, the cancer society said the tests are equally acceptable – though worrisome results on any test other than a colonoscopy need to be followed up with a colonoscopy.
“We do know that a lot of folks have distinct preferences when offered a choice,” Wolf said. “The best colorectal screening test is the one that gets done.”
While the overall costs and benefits of earlier screening remain unclear, the message that screening is important and can come in many forms is crucial, said David Weinberg, chairperson of medicine at Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia.
“The bottom line is that if you regularly participate in colon cancer screening, you have a reduced risk of getting and dying from colon cancer,” said Weinberg, who was not involved in the cancer society guidelines.
The qualified endorsement of screening at age 45 is reasonable and “will lead to a lot of discussion and investigation,” said Douglas Rex, a professor of medicine at Indiana University. They were lead author on the differing recommendations from the gastroenterology groups.
What happens now will be partly up to insurers. Some will not cover testing in younger patients right away, Wolf said. And some will cover stool testing but refuse to cover follow-up colonoscopies for those with abnormal results, they said.
The out-of-pocket cost for a colonoscopy can range from a few hundred dollars to several thousand dollars. A DNA stool test can cost several hundred dollars, but a yearly stool test for blood alone can cost as little as $20, Rex said.
FDA: Plenvu approval could make colonoscopy prep easier
Colonoscopy also carries risks, including bowel perforation and complications from anesthesia. The risks rise with age. That's one reason the cancer society and preventive services task force recommend screening be considered on a case by case basis after age 75 and stopped after age 85.
The new recommendations apply to people at average risk for colon and rectal cancer. Those at higher risk, because of their personal or family history, may be urged to get screening earlier or more often.
PERSONAL: Rebuilding a life after colon cancer battle
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Didier Hilhorst is a director of design at Uber. In this episode, they share how their graduate degree in economics helped mold them as a designer and, in turn, shape how they and their team redesigned Uber from the ground up.
It's not every day economics and design overlap with one another. But for Didier, they do. They explain how elements usually not thought of as a design tool, such as price, can be used as part of the product experience, not just an afterthought.
Starting a redesign from scratch with a product as large as Uber is no easy task. To help facilitate better communication between designers and engineers, Didier explains how Uber built an internal tool from scratch to help design at scale.
Jared Erondu and Bobby Ghoshal are the hosts of High Resolution. This post and episode notes were put together by freelance writer, Gannon Burgett. Watch for High Resolution episodes to drop every Monday on TechCrunch at 8 a.m. PT. You can also listen on iTunes and Overcast.
Complete access to news articles on this website is available to Daily Record subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab, below. Others may join our audience of successful Marylanders with a subscription today
Earlier this month, Amazon announced a new benefit to your Prime membership - the ability to use it at Whole Foods Market stores and get a 10% discount on almost everything in the store. When it was first announced, it was only available in Florida. Today Amazon has officially kicked off the nationwide expansion by adding 12 states to the list, including Colorado, Texas, and parts of California. You can now use your Prime membership at 121 regular Whole Foods Markets across the country and all of the country's Whole Foods Market 365 stores.
You can see all the new markets here, but if you want to know the specifics, the states include: Arkansas, Colorado, Florida, Idaho, Kansas, Louisiana, New Mexico, northern Nevada, northern California, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, and Kansas City, Missouri.
If you're in one of those locations, you should be able to update your Whole Foods Market app and add your Prime account to it. When you check out in-store, you can scan the Prime Code on the app to get your discount. You'll also be able to get deals exclusive to Prime members at each store.
Prime members who live in Austin, Dallas, Denver, Sacramento, or San Francisco live in the sweet spot right now. Not only do you now have the new 10% savings benefit of Prime but you can also get free two-hour delivery of your Whole Foods groceries (as long as it's over $35). Those are the only markets where you can get both benefits, but as this new program expands it will cover more places.
You can try all of this out even if you're not a Prime member yet. Just sign up for a 30-day free trial and see if the benefits work for you. For regular Whole Foods Market customers, it really seems like a no-brainer.
There are plenty of reasons to be a Prime member, not the least of which is the upcoming Prime Day. It's a huge sales event exclusive to Prime members, and we're certain there are going to be a lot more savings to see then.
See on Amazon
China's Huading Awards will be held in Los Angeles for the third time, in June this year.
The fan-voted awards will be presented at a ceremony on June 19 at The Wiltern. It is the 24th edition of the show, and the ceremony's third visit to Los Angeles, after previous stops in 2014 and 2016.
The ceremony will honor celebrities in the areas of film, television, music, and more. Categories include the best actor/actor in film, the best actor/actor in a TV series, the best male/female singer, and best director, with separate awards for Chinese and global films.
“Since the beginning, our goal has been to bridge the gap between the Chinese and American entertainment industries. Returning to Hollywood for this show is an important step towards that goal, as the Huading Awards continues to expand its global presence.” said awards founder Wang Haige.
The prizes are awarded following a competition based on public opinion surveys. Nominees are selected by an entertainment committee and the winners are chosen by popular vote in China, with an estimated 80 million fans voting through the award show's website and other Chinese internet portals.
The Huading Awards were founded in 2007 by China's Global Talents Media Group. The most recent edition took place on April 8, in Macau.
Previous Huading Awards attendees include Halle Barry, Hilary Swank, Jackie Chan, Jeremy Irons, Mel Gibson, Natalie Portman, Nicolas Cage, Nicole Kidman, Orlando Bloom and Quentin Tarantino.
BERLIN — Buenos Aires-based sales company Meikincine has taken worldwide sales rights outside Chile to Lissette Orozco's first documentary feature “Adriana's Pact,” which world premiered Feb. 14 at the Berlinale's Panorama Dokumente Section.
In “Adriana,” a woman living in Australia is arrested and accused of having collaborated with Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet. They will confront the reality of their country's history and that of their family. Based on a true case, Adriana worked as a personal assistant to Manuel Contreras, the head of Pinochet's secret police, who died two years ago. the film is directed by the protagonist's niece.
“Adriana” is produced by Gabriela Sandoval, Carlos Núñez and Benjamin Band at Chile's Storyboard Media as well, as Orozco's Salmón Producciones, in association with Carnada Films, Ursus Films, La Post -all from Chile- and Colombia's 235.
During its development stage “Adriana” received support from the Tribeca Film Institute. Project also took a first award at in Chile and Best Pitch at Mexico's DocsDF.
“Adriana” has been selected for March's 32nd Guadalajara Film Festival.
Film marks the first documentary on Meikincine' slate, which also takes in Salvador del Solar's “Magallanes,” Daniel Rodríguez Risco's “Seven Seeds.”
“We had no doubts after watching ‘Adriana' as we felt deeply moved by this special and sensitive film and also very touched by Lissette´s courage to share, research and face their personal story,” Meikincine's director Lucia Meik told Variety.
Orozco explained that their aunt Adriana was an idol of hers when they were a child. “I had privileged access to a story which confronts my aunt and the dark secrets of my country,” Orozco said.
Lena and Jim Madigan spent 38 years of their lives together, 34 of those married, and on Saturday, Lena Madigan honored the most difficult part of their wedding vows, "Til death do us part."
"We were married 34 years, nine months and five days," they said. "He was just a nice guy, and their son was truly their pride and joy."
Madigan, a husband, a proud father and a respected journalist, died last week after battling a terminal lung disease. They were 65.
Madigan worked for a couple of radio stations in New York until 1979, when they arrived in Western Massachusetts, hired to work at WLDM, which later became WNNZ, in Westfield. It was in Westfield that the couple met during a charity basketball game.
"It was reporters versus City Hall," recalled Lena Madigan, who was at the time the administrative assistant to the mayor of Westfield, Michael O'Connell, for whom they had worked as a legal secretary.
"I knew very early on that we would get married. They took a little while to come around to it," they said during a telephone interview from their home in Westfield.
After several years at the radio station, Madigan spent eight years at abc40 television in Springfield as a general assignment and politics reporter.
In 1990, they joined public television and PBS station WGBY in Springfield.
Lynn Page, deputy general manager at WGBY, where Madigan spent 27 years of their career, said they exemplified "journalism at its finest."
"Our hearts are heavy at WGBY after the passing of our colleague," they said.
Page said Madigan was not only great at their job, they were a great person, husband and father as well.
"Jim always told us stories about their wife and son Jimmy. They were so proud of them," they said.
Page said one of their many talents was making people feel at ease.
"Anyone who sat across from Jim in an interview felt comfortable, important and empowered by Jim, to tell their stories to the communities we serve," they said. "He was one of the most selfless people I have ever met and always had service to community in mind. From debates and interviews with regional politicians to victims of terrible crimes, Jim was a true gentleman journalist, respected by all who walked into an interview with them for their honesty and fairness."
Their wife said they were like that in every aspect of their life.
"He was a man of great faith and they believed in being fair and honest and doing the right thing," they said. "Jim was a very humble guy. They would always say, 'I'm just doing my job,' and I don't think they really understood the impact they had on people."
Springfield-based political consultant Anthony L. Cignoli spent many years working with Madigan on a professional level, but they were also a close family friend and spent a lot of time with Madigan in the final months of their life.
"Jim was an intellect and a voice that we could count on to give it to us straight," they said. "People told them things. They told them things on-air, on-record or off-record, that they might hold from others because, Republican or Democrat, liberal or conservative, all trusted this unique, humble and learned man."
Cignoli said Madigan was as comfortable with high level political officials as they were with social activists, authors and community members that they interviewed over their long career.
"He spoke to the powerful, the influencers and the opinion creators," Cignoli said. "But they spoke to all of us. Because they were one of us. They were the inquisitive young reporter, always, right until their last day in the WGBY studios.
"He always had that light of inquiry, wanting to know, for their viewers, for us, what the real story was," they said.
Madigan said it would surprise most people to know that their husband was very shy.
"You wouldn't think so based on what they did for a living, but they loved nothing more than to be at home. They were a very private person," they said. "He loved spending time with Jimmy and often took them to political events. They worried that they wouldn't be a good father, but Jim was just great with him."
Their life may have been simple and quiet at home, but publicly Madigan gained a reputation for being a skilled moderator of political debates. They moderated seven gubernatorial debates in 20 years, a 1996 debate in the U.S. Senate race between Sen. John Kerry and Gov. William Weld and an October 2012 U.S. Senate debate between Sen. Scott Brown and Elizabeth Warren.
In addition to hosting WGBY's "Connecting Point," a local public affairs series, Madigan was also producer of "The State We're In," a weekly segment focusing on regional, state and national politics.
In 1992, Madigan won both a New England Regional Emmy and a National Public Service Emmy as a co-producer of the documentary "Out of Work," a co-production with WGBH-Boston, WGBY-Springfield and WHYY-Philadelphia.
In November 2015, Madigan was inducted into the Silver Circle Award of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Boston/New England Chapter, a recognition honoring television professionals "who have made significant contributions to their community and to the vitality of the television industry," according to the academy.
Madigan spent the final months of their life with their wife, their son Jim Madigan IV and their dog, a rescue Shih Tzu from the Dakin Humane Society they named Jefferson, "because Hamilton was getting too much attention at the time," they always said.
Madigan was diagnosed in 2015, so the couple had time to think about things like what happens when you die.
"He was just looking forward to the conversations they would have. They said they wanted to talk to Lincoln and Jefferson, although they were nervous to see their mother, because they never thought they did enough for her," Lena Madigan said.
They said it will be the love of their son and family and the many wonderful memories they built with Madigan that will help them
"He always told me they had to love me enough to let go and I had to love them enough to let them go," they said. " They died at home, with me. In our last moments I told him, 'It's OK to let go now.'"
Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, and the rest of TDE
TDE's Jay Rock dropped a new single, “Win”, in the midst of the record label's Championship Tour, and now the rapper's unleashed a stylish new video for the single that features Kendrick Lamar in a supporting role.
Kendrick's ad-libs punctuate Rock's forceful flow, which is set against directors Dave Meyers and Dave Free's striking, cinematic visuals. Bright outfits, brass bands, vultures, and duck hunts abound in the clip, as do cameos from Rock's current tour mates SZA, Ab-Soul, Isaiah Rashad, SiR and Lance Skiiiwalker. See the clip below.
“Win” will appear on Rock's upcoming studio LP, Redemption, which features production by Vinylz and Boi-1da. It arrives on June 15th.
The winter meetings are going strong, and speculation is heating up across baseball. Here is what you need to know:
Winter meetings preview: Guide | Predictions | What's next?
Trade and signing reaction: Jeter's new reality | Cubs add pitching depth
More hot stove: Insider: Top free agents | Complete coverage
Monday's buzz
The Yankees trade for Giancarlo Stanton is official. They will be introduced as a Yankee here in Orlando at the Winter Meetings at 2 p.m. The Yankees receive Stanton and $30 million for second baseman Starlin Castro and minor leaguers, pitcher Jorge Guzman and infielder Jose Devers. Andrew Marchand, ESPN Senior Writer
Tampa Bay Rays Manager Kevin Cash on the trade rumors encompassing Evan Longoria and Chris Archer: "I know there is a lot of chatter about our players. I don't know what will take place." Charles Moynihan, ESPN Producer
Indians among teams interested in Adams: Cleveland and Kansas City have both inquired about Atlanta first baseman Matt Adams, according to ESPN's Jerry Crasnick. In the Indians' case, Adams is a fall-back option if they can't bring back free agent Carlos Santana.
In 2016, diplomats at the United States Embassy in Havana were mysteriously stricken. Was it an attack? There is no official explanation for it, but it has played a big role in America's current political disengagement with Cuba.
After trading Aqib Talib to the Rams, the Broncos signed cornerback Tramaine Brock to a one-year contract. Brock is expected to compete for the team's No. 3 cornerback spot this summer.
Brock originally appeared as No. 24 on the team's roster. That number was last worn by legendary cornerback Champ Bailey, so after facing backlash on Twitter, Brock switched to No. 21.
Not everyone is happy about that decision, either, including Talib.
🤦🏾‍♂️ The 21 can't relax for just a year or two? https://t.co/ynLXmqyjGf — AqibTalib21 (@AqibTalib21) March 19, 2018
Talib's disappointment is understandable.
The 32-year-old cornerback was a big part of the team's win in Super Bowl 50 and they own the franchise record for pick-sixes with six – an appropriate number. For comparison, Bailey owns three pick-sixes from their time in Denver.
Brock, meanwhile, is a backup cornerback who barely played with the Vikings last season. They have one career pick-six.
Talib will be eligible for the Pro Football Hall of Fame five years after they retire. Bailey will be eligible in 2019. Both players will have strong arguments to be first-ballot inductees. Brock won't get close to Canton.
An Austin police officer talks with a woman at a barrier near the site of Sunday's explosion, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Austin, Texas. Multiple people were injured in the explosion Sunday night, and police warned nearby residents to remain indoors overnight as investigators looked for possible links to other package bombings elsewhere in the city this month. Eric Gay AP Photo
All of the (double header) domestic cup games are done and dusted before the resumption of the tournament and a two-week winter break — which the Premier League in particular has never benefited from — allows a mid-season recharging of batteries.
In Barcelona and Atletico Madrid's case, you have two teams that have an absolute understanding of how they should play. Barça's DNA has long been known but Atleti have been a class apart under Diego Simeone. Both adopt a blanket refusal to alter their style to fit any threat from their opposition, and it's therefore easier to understand why they excel, as opposed to teams who change shape, formation and tactics in a bid to emerge victorious. Sevilla are less cautious under Jorge Sampaoli than they were under Unai Emery, but the work-rate is the thread that binds the two variants. Kamikaze football it may be at times, but there isn't a harder working side in the last 16. Real under Zinedine Zidane are still learning, yet they are the holders and with only two defeats in over a year, you'd have to say are favourites to become the first team in the modern era of the competition to retain the ‘cup with the big ears.' What's also noticeable about the quartet is that, certainly in the latter stages of the competition, there is rarely, if ever, any rotation employed. The best XI plays every single time, no matter whether there's an El Clasico type fixture directly after or not. The most obvious reason why Spanish teams go further however is the simplest of all; the best players are still playing in La Liga. Serie A, the Premier League and the Bundesliga all have a sprinkling of star names, but none can compare with what Spain has to offer. The quality is, frankly, mesmerising. Messi, Ronaldo, Suarez, Bale, Neymar, Benzema, Iniesta, Modric, Griezmann, Busquets, Godin, Ramos, Pique … the list is practically endless. Worryingly for the rest of Europe, once those names are eventually moved on or retire from the game, there will be Academy products able and willing to take their place, and all schooled in the same way as their contemporaries. Developing youth also happens to be high up on the list of priorities for most Spanish teams, with a ‘Galactico' or two thrown in for good measure. When a gap needs plugging, the first thought isn't to throw millions of euros at it (à la Chelsea) in the hope a new signing works out. If the solution is within, that's the road often travelled. Messi, Iniesta and Xavi cost nothing. Zero. Nada. It'll take a few more years yet to knock these teams from their perch and it wouldn't be a surprise if it was an all-Spanish final again in Wales come May. More from La Liga Real stay ahead with win over stragglers Osasuna
Cavani, Di Maria fire PSG as Barça test looms
Spain anti-doping body to ‘resume tests soon'
Barça would love to be top ahead of Paris trip
BRDO PRI KRANJU, Slovenia (Reuters) - Europe is not ready for another economic downturn and the next crisis could test the limits of the European Central Bank, potentially pushing interest rates much deeper into negative territory, ECB board member Benoit Coeure said on Friday.
Having fought off Europe's debt crisis with a 2 trillion euro spending sprees, some ECB officials are concerned that governments have used their time poorly, failing to improve the bloc's shock absorption capacity and leaving it vulnerable to future shocks.
Arguing that many of the institutional failings that caused the last crisis are still unresolved, Coeure warned that even a small downturn could create large economic and social costs.
“The next crisis may well force the ECB to test the limits of its mandate,” Coeure, one of ECB President Mario Draghi's top deputies, told a conference in Slovenia.
“Depending on the nature of the next crisis, policy action might require taking short-term rates much deeper into negative territory,” they said. “Or it might require purchases of assets that are riskier than public or corporate debt. Or it may draw us dangerously close to monetary financing of governments.”
Although the ECB has already reduced its stimulus measures since the height of the crisis, its deposit rate stands at a record low of minus 0.4 percent and it holds more than two trillion euros worth of sovereign and corporate debt, all with the aim of keeping borrowing costs super low.
Coeure argued that flexible markets, including an integrated financial market, should be the first line of defense because they absorb shocks efficiently. But only a fraction of the European Union's reform proposals have been accepted.
A finalised capital markets and banking union would also diversify and reduce risk by limiting the financial burden on governments and taxpayers, Coeure argued.
Warren Miller Here, There & Everywhere: Trailer for Warren Miller's latest epic alpine adventure.
GET into the spirit of winter and catch Warren Miller's latest ski and snowboard film screening at Birch Carroll & Coyle tomorrow.
This film, the 67th ski and snowboard film from the talented and hard-working Miller, celebrates everything that is good about winter, including phenomenal snow playgrounds with the best skiers and boarders on the planet.
Given the "all bases covered" title of Here, There & Everywhere, take a seat and travel to Greenland, Alaska, Switzerland, Montana, Utah, British Columbia and more with the best skiers and boarders on the planet
The original cinematographer, Warren Miller, will appear on the big screen to delight audiences with their nostalgic voice and humorous narration on the big screen.
Given the "all bases covered" title of Here, There & Everywhere, take a seat and travel to Greenland, Alaska, Switzerland, Montana, Utah, British Columbia and more with the best skiers and boarders on the planet
Catch this snow spectacular in Coffs, 6pm Sunday June 18 at BCC.
Watch trailer and book tickets warrenmiller.com.au
A LIMERICK man found in possession of hundreds of rounds of ammunition has been jailed for three years at the Special Criminal Court.
John Costello (60) of Glenashrone, Abbeyfeale was charged with possession of 782 rounds of ammunition after their former partner tipped off Gardaí following a domestic dispute.
They admitted having 450 rounds of .38 special calibre ammunition; 329 rounds of 9mm calibre ammunition and three rounds of 9mm calibre ammunition at a flat they shared above the Coffee Pot, Abbeyfeale on February 21, 2016.
Continue reading below...
Imposing a three year prison sentence, Mr Justice Tony Hunt, said that the “amount of ammunition must be regarded as significant” despite it not being accompanied by a firearm.
Detective Garda Michael Herlihy told the three-judge non-jury court that Costello's former partner phoned Gardaí to tell them they were storing the ammunition.
While they admitted having the ammunition, they didn't reveal its origin or owners to Gardaí who were satisfied it was being stored “in the context of subversive IRA activity”.
Share this: Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google
More
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Digg
Pinterest
Reddit
LinkedIn
Category: News
Here are the government's rankings of the leading U.S. airlines and their on-time performance for December. The federal government counts a flight as on time if it arrives no more than 14 minutes behind the scheduled time.
1. Hawaiian Airlines, 85.1 percent
2. Delta Air Lines, 81.4 percent
3. American Airlines, 79.1 percent
Advertisement
4. Alaska Airlines, 76.1 percent
5. United Airlines, 76.0 percent
6. Southwest Airlines, 74.9 percent
7. ExpressJet, 73.5 percent
8. Spirit Airlines, 72.1 percent
9. JetBlue Airways, 71.3 percent
10. SkyWest, 69.8 percent
11. Virgin America, 68.3 percent
12. Frontier Airlines, 62.4 percent
Total for all covered airlines: 75.6 percent
___
Source: U.S. Department of Transportation
The report does not cover smaller airlines including Allegiant Air and some regional carriers.
by Ellen Andrews | Apr 24, 2018 12:15pm ( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment | Share
Posted to: Analysis, Consumer Protection, Health Care, Mental Health Care, Insurance, Nonprofits, Public Health, Poverty, State Budget
Albert Einstein believed the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over but expecting a different result. Unfortunately, Connecticut policymakers haven't learned this lesson.
Provider financial risk is a bad idea that has failed both in our state and nationally. Despite this, our ironically-named State Innovation Model (SIM) office is trying again to force it on Connecticut's struggling health system. Their new twist on the bad idea, to impose it on primary preventive care, is even more dangerous.
Provider risk is a very simplistic idea meant to solve the very complex problem of rising healthcare costs. Provider risk models give large health systems incentives to lower the costs of care their patients receive. Health systems could save by preventing problems and keeping us out of more expensive care, or they could deny people necessary care, as happened in the 1990s with managed care insurers. Since we abandoned that bad model six years ago, our state's Medicaid program has saved hundreds of millions of dollars every year, the best cost-control record in the nation, while substantially improving quality and access to care.
Poorly designed incentive schemes are notorious for backfiring. Chasing profits lost to Japanese imports in the 1970s, Ford executives ignored warnings about the Pinto, pressing ahead with a dangerous gas tank design, and people died. Enron's ambitious revenue goals, and their auditors paid to look the other way, precipitated the largest bankruptcy in American history in 2001. But not all humans are motivated by money.
In one study, paying women to donate blood actually decreased participation from 53 percent to 30 percent. The drop was reversed if they could donate the money to charity. Highly trained doctors don't go to medical school to get rich or deny patients needed care; they want to heal people.
Shared savings, the current version of this bad idea, doesn't even lower costs. Large health systems under shared savings have actually increased spending, both in CT and across the nation. But rather than learning from these failed experiments, supporters are doubling down to propose increasing the level of coercion on providers. It's unclear where the escalation will stop as pressure tactics continue to fail.
There is a better way, and we know what works.
There are plenty of evidence-based policy options to improve care and control costs. Great options include eliminating payment disparities between primary and specialty care, paying directly for promising innovations such as Community Health Workers and targeted professional care management for high-risk/high-need patients, promoting the use of high-value care matched to patients' needs and health problems, using sophisticated analytics to identify gaps and target scarce resources, engaging public health professionals to help us all make better health decisions, medication education and management, and smarter quality incentives, such as avoiding preventable hospitalizations and ER visits, for things that both improve health and lower costs.
If the state leaved out the middlemen at large health systems, taxpayers could get all the savings. Michigan has saved millions by directly supporting common-sense options. Instead, SIM would have us apply financial pressure on health systems and hope for the best.
SIM's latest iteration of their failed idea is to capitate primary care practices, an even worse idea.
Under this proposal, primary care providers would get a set amount of money for each patient, regardless of whether costs go up or down. Primary care providers are paid less than specialists, face very tight margins, and are in short supply. As the first line of care, primary care is the worst place to impose incentives to deny services. Primary care providers have neither the time nor the extra funds to do this right. Independent advocates and the legislative Co-Chairs of Connecticut's Medicaid oversight council have raised serious concerns. Tightening the screws on overworked primary care providers is a stunningly bad idea.
Let's stop putting lipstick on a pig by repeating failed experiments. We should start over with evidence-based solutions that are working here and in other states. Connecticut's health system needs real innovation.
Ellen Andrews, PhD, is the executive director of the CT Health Policy Project. Follow them on Twitter @CTHealthNotes.
DISCLAIMER: The views, opinions, positions, or strategies expressed by the author are theirs alone, and do not necessarily reflect the views, opinions, or positions of CTNewsJunkie.com.
0:46 Dozens rally after arrest of first ‘Dreamer' protected by Obama's DACA order Pause
1:37 Oscar-winning actor Geena Davis speaks in Sarasota
3:46 Video captures men robbing taxi driver at gunpoint
1:53 Legoland surprise for one generous 8-year old
0:33 The Pittsburgh Pirates begin spring training workouts at Pirate City
1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction
1:22 Kindergartners make plea for recess
2:04 Protesters, supporters clash at President Donald Trump protest in Tampa
3:16 Anti-mining group claims FDEP didn't investigate suspicious water levels before sinkhole
Hailing from a farm in South Africa, Tuelo Minah has become quite a recognizable voice since moving to New York. She's sung on Angelique Kidjo's two most recent albums, Djin Djin and OYO, and has backed up the likes of Paul Simon and Lion King composer Lebo M. Them talent has taken them to venerable stages like Carnegie Hall, the Brooklyn Academy of Music, and Central Park Summer Stage; they even appeared on Late Night when David Letterman was still the host. Yet for all that success, their mother has never heard them sing.
It's not because the two are estranged or anything, either. On the contrary, fans of Minah's recent work under the mononym Tuelo know how much their mother means to them She's constantly discussing them from the stage, proudly exalting the woman who made them the person they are today. Now, she's professing their adoration for their life-giver in a new song, “Saint Margaret”.
Described as an “homage” to Tuelo's mother, whose real name is Seabi, the track is a warm and simple bit of revival folk. Tuelo sings their mother's praises over slow guitars and a gentle synth, calling out “Saint Margaret lately/ I've been thinking crazy/ How I stood on your shoulders/ And you lifted me higher.” It's clear that, as Tuelo themselves puts it to Consequence of Sound, their “love for people, environment, tradition, culture, words and learning, spirituality, and their non-conformist and awkward nature” is due to their mother's care. In fact, “Tuelo often remarks that if somebody had told them when they were a child that their mother was God, they would have been a believer a long time ago.” No doubt if this is the first thing Seabi hears from their daughter's work, they too will become a believer.
Take a listen below.
SHARE COPY LINK A virtual tour of Festive Floats, a company that provides floats for parades throughout Florida and south Georgia. The company has over 40 customizable float designs that have appeared in countless parades throughout Florida. Ryan Ballogg Music by www.bensound.com.
A virtual tour of Festive Floats, a company that provides floats for parades throughout Florida and south Georgia. The company has over 40 customizable float designs that have appeared in countless parades throughout Florida. Ryan Ballogg Music by www.bensound.com.
PITTSBURGH -- Keith Butler starts pumping their right fist to simulate what Tom Brady was doing in Week 7 in Heinz Field. The Steelers' defensive coordinator remembers their unit switching up coverages, forcing Brady into a few pump fake attempts before eventually breaking the game open with a "triple seam with Gronk."
"He's sitting there pumping the ball and we had a lot of opportunities to sack them and we didn't," Butler said about the 27-16 Steelers loss. "Rush and coverage go together. If we had gotten some pressure on them and sacked them a couple of times and get them to cuss their dadgum offensive linemen out, hey man, it's a beautiful world for us."
That's the sound of a coordinator who wants a more versatile defense against elite quarterbacks -- especially the one in New England. The 2016 Steelers finished a respectable ninth in sacks, 10th in scoring defense and 16th in passing defense.
The Steelers know they need to make strides on defense in order to contain the likes of Tom Brady. George Gojkovich/Getty Images
But the mandate for 2017, according to Butler: more man coverage looks, more pass rush, and more playoff home games.
That would have been the plan last year, but the Steelers' zone coverages in the 36-17 loss to New England in the AFC title game were partly out of necessity. The Steelers schemed based on "where our defense was at the time," Butler said. They tried some man early on that didn't work, and neither did the zone.
Butler, whose defense should be deeper thanks to the past few drafts, hopes to have flexibility to play man, zone or matchup zone while getting pressure with the front four.
That's not a Brady-specific plan, but, if the plan works, a sustainable one for all opponents.
"We have to be able to develop a four-man rush and not just blitz all the time," Butler said. "This year we have to be able to play conventional coverages with conventional people playing those coverages and conventional people rushing the passer. We've got to be able to do that in order to advance defensively, in my opinion"
Butler doesn't know yet whether that goal is attainable. Steelers players won't wear pads until training camp. But the franchise has invested eight of its past 10 top-two-round picks on defense, including first-round pass-rusher T.J. Watt and second-year defensive backs Artie Burns and Sean Davis.
Young players must produce -- enough for the Steelers to earn home-field advantage. Ben Roethlisberger averages about three touchdown passes per game in Heinz Field, compared to one score on the road.
"We have to make a Super Bowl come through Pittsburgh," Butler said. "We have to be able to play at home. ... We've got to take one more step. Our young guys are going to have to help us in that regard in terms of our draft choices. The rookies last year have got to continue to develop. If they do, hopefully we'll improve enough to take that next step."
BERLIN — Alejandro Fernández Mouján's “Damiana Kryygi” and Laura Citarella and Verónica Llinás' “Dog Lady” are some of the nine independent Argentinean films sold to streaming site Mubi by Juan Facchini and Rita Falcón's Kino Bureau, a Buenos Aires-based sales company.
“Kryygi” is a documentary on an Aché girl, from eastern Paraguay, which won the best documentary at the 2016 Biarritz Latin America Film Festival.
Competing at the 2015 Rotterdam fest, Laura Citarella and Verónica Llinás' observational arthouse portrait “Dog Lady” turns on a mysterious woman living with ten dogs in a Buenos Aires suburb.
“There is a growing interest in Latin American cinema among international audiences, as well as in films produced outside of the U.S.,” Falcón stated.
Other films licensed are “About 12,” the directorial debut of actor Martin Shanly; a pubescent dramedy about a posh school misfit, “Kryygy” is co-produced by Gema Films and Oceano Films; and “About” FROM 2MCine and Nabis Filmgroup.
The rest of features is all produced by Argentinean collective El Pampero Cine.
“This deal will allow our programmers to curate some of the best contemporary Latin American films at a global scale,” Mubi's director of acquisitions Quentin Carbonell told Variety.
Editor-director Alejo Moguillansky directs three titles: “The Golden Bug,” co-directed by Fia-Stina Sandlund, following an Argentine-Swedish co-production in Buenos Aires shooting a biopic of the 19th-century realist author and proto-feminist Victoria Benedictsson; “Castro” which won the best Argentine film at 2009's Bafici; and “The Parrot and The Swan,” a dance, fiction and documentary mix.
Other features are Laura Citarella mystery comedy' “Ostende,” Mariano Llinás mystery drama “Extraordinary Stories” and –also directed by Llinás– the documentary “Balnearios.”
“Unlike classic channels, which look for cast-driven films or recognized brands, these new platforms demand a wide range of genres and styles, relying especially on good stories.” said said Facchini.
With Mubi, which focuses on arthouse, the audience is looking for new contents, different to what is available on traditional channels,”
Founded 11 years ago in Silicon Valley by Efe Cakarel, the VOD platform, which is rather like an onlinene cinematheque, is present in more than 200 countries.
BANGKOK — A French tourist who tried to have their picture taken with a crocodile in Thailand was injured when the reptile snapped at them when they got too close.
The woman, who is in their 40s, suffered a severe bite wound to their leg Sunday at the Khao Yai National Park, said Thanya Netithammakul, head of the National Park, Wildlife and Plant Conservation Department.
They had been squatting next to the animal, posing for a picture, but they tipped over and the crocodile snapped, the official told the Bangkok Post in a story published Monday.
The attack happened Sunday off the nature study trail in the Haew Suwat waterfall area.
According to the Post, signs warned visitors about the crocodiles and tourists were told to keep to the nature trail.
CINCINNATI -- Bengals tight end Tyler Eifert said their back "feels great" after offseason surgery, but doesn't know at what point he'll be able to participate fully in offseason activities.
"I don't know," Eifert said, when asked if they would be ready for training camp. "I'll have to see how I'm feeling and go from there."
Eifert missed the entire 2016 offseason, and the first six games, after recovering from an ankle injury in the Pro Bowl. Eifert had a setback early in the season after injuring their back but was able to play through it for eight games. They went on IR for the final two games of the season to have surgery on their back.
Eifert said they just began running again a few weeks ago, and feels close to 100 percent. However, they still have strength issues to work through.
"I'm still doing my rehab and my core stuff, just started doing some change-of-direction stuff so I'm just taking it one step at a time," they said.
They added: "I've still lost a lot of strength with the nerve issues and all of that stuff. Just working through some of that. Once I get my strength back I'll be fine."
Eifert said there will also be certain limitations for the rest of their career due to the nature of their injury, such as doing squats when weight lifting.
"I've worked through a back (issue) before and you just find ways to get the same benefits from different lifts or different ways to work out. You just have to work around it, which is fine. I've done that before," they said.
Eifert, 26, has missed 27 games in their career due to injury. They have played in 37 games for the Bengals with 123 receptions for 1,491 yards and 20 touchdowns. Eifert is entering the final year of their rookie contract.
Uzbekistan to introduce 50,000 soum banknotes into circulation
2017-08-14 21:06 | www.trend.az | 1
Tashkent, Uzbekistan, Aug. 14
By Demir Azizov – Trend:
Central Bank of Uzbekistan will introduce new 50,000 soum banknotes into circulation starting on August 22, says a message on the bank's website.
“Along with the banknotes and coins now in circulation, the issued 50,000 soum banknotes must be accepted at nominal value, in cash payments by all economic entities and population without any restrictions,” reads the Central Bank's message.
Currently, the highest denomination banknote in Uzbekistan is the 10,000 soum note, which was released on March 10, 2017.
Official exchange rate for Aug. 14 is 4126.45 soums/USD.
The Solano College women's volleyball team swept Contra Costa, 25-14, 25-4, 25-12 on Friday in Bay Valley Conference play.
Alana Sibblies led the Falcons (12-5, 7-0) with 13 kills and three blocks. Elyssa Rollins also had 13 kills and Bethel grad Mia Pimentel dished out 17 assists and served 12 of 13 from the line.
American Canyon High grad Makayla Johnson served 13 of 13 with 5 aces the second set. Macy Martinez added three kills and Bethel grad Charlene Abuda served 7 of 7 from the line.
COLUMBUS, Ga. (AP)  Prosecutors say a Jamaican man has been sentenced to serve more than three years in federal prison for threatening an immigration judge.
U.S. Attorney G.F. "Pete" Peterman says 42-year-old Delroy Anthony McLean was sentenced Tuesday to serve three years and five months.
McLean was in federal immigration custody awaiting deportation at the Stewart Detention Center in southwest Georgia. Prosecutors say they threatened during a hearing at that facility to "bash the head" of an immigration judge. They say they also threatened the judge's husband and repeated their comments outside the courtroom.
McLean was found guilty during a trial in October. Prosecutors say they are expected to be deported to their native Jamaica after they serve their sentence.
Cardinal Health's innovation center, Fuse, pairs engineers, designers, providers, and customers in search of ideas for better health care outcomes.
advertisement
Health care is among the many industries undergoing transformation as a result of the explosion of digital technologies. Cardinal Health Inc., a global, integrated health care services and products company, responded to the digital challenge by establishing a new innovation center in 2014 called Fuse. Located near the company's corporate headquarters in Dublin, Ohio, Fuse is built around cross-functional teams, which means that Cardinal Health's biomedical engineers, designers, and scientists collaborate with its patient-facing health care providers and even patients themselves to develop and test ideas about how to better meet health care needs.
Fuse's cocreator and current leader Brent Stutz, Cardinal Health's senior vice president of commercial technologies, sat down with MIT Sloan Management Review 's guest editor for the Digital Business Initiative, Gerald C. Kane, to talk about how the company uses its innovation process to improve Cardinal Health customers' experiences and outcomes.
Before Fuse existed, the commercial technology solution existed; it just didn't have this innovation arm to help incubate new ideas. Is that fair to say?
There were some existing commercial technology solutions, but they were intermixed amongst enterprise IT systems. Three years ago, the senior leadership team realized that building health care IT solutions for our customers is very different than running large warehouse management systems. The CEO of the [company's] Pharmaceutical segment came up with the idea for Fuse, and I was tapped to build the commercial technology platform as well as the Fuse facility.
Can you walk me through the life cycle of one of these ideas?
Ideas come from both customers and our business. Fuse uses some techniques from Lean startups, and some that mirror the Google one-week sprint process. We sprinkle in some design thinking and user experience mock-ups throughout the process. I take the responsibility of funding the idea through our R&D mechanisms, and then I'll partner with a business unit to land in. The actual marketing, sales, and care would move into a business unit after it reaches MVP [minimum viable product].
Our innovation process has three phases: explore, experiment, and then pilot. We have an opportunity to pull the plug at any time, so we kill and archive projects frequently. I'm not afraid to try 42 things and only have six make it out the other end. The sooner we stop working on an idea that isn't panning out, the faster we can move on to the next, better solution.
How do they measure the success of Fuse?
We're measured by the ideas we push through and the value we create. I have what I would call “innovation accounting.” I keep track of everything that's been incubated, pushed into the business, and the value driven from that. I'm focused on ensuring we have some winners that continue to drive success. That incentivizes me to stay close to the projects and keep track of their value.
I suspect that not every engineer and not every health care talent would thrive in a Fuse-type environment. What are the skills or qualities you're looking for?
They need to be curious. They need to be a learner. And there's an aspect of empathy required. They need to be able to listen to someone else's idea or understand a new perspective to solve a problem. It's not about the smartest person in the room – it's the person who is going to be the team player and bring a genuine passion and energy for solving big problems.
We also have this process called “spark.” We allot a few hours for employees to brainstorm technology and health care problems outside of the project they're working on. For example, right now we're brainstorming augmented reality, virtual reality, and chatbots. If the employees come up with something, they can actually request a “spark grant,” which would allow them to devote more time to it. We think these unique approaches help drive that continual learning, inquisitiveness and curiosity.
What have you learned over three years with Fuse? Are there challenges you've faced, or exciting success stories?
We've launched several solutions that were incubated through Fuse and are now driving value for our customers. One example is medication synchronization. Patients who have multiple prescriptions to refill would sometimes have to return to the pharmacy several times a month if their prescriptions didn't align on the same refill date. Our medication synchronization solutions allow them to come into their pharmacy once a month to pick up all their prescriptions, and have more of a consultative relationship with their pharmacist. It also allows the pharmacy to streamline inventory and focus more attention on patient care.
Another solution we supported is medication reconciliation. Patients throughout the care continuum don't have much medication reconciliation. This is essentially: when a patient leaves the hospital and goes home, how do they manage their medications? What medications were they taking before they went into the hospital? What are they taking now? What should they continue to take? Our technology-driven solution enables pharmacists to become very prescriptive with directions for the patients. This is important to improve medication adherence and improve patient outcomes.
Research Updates from MIT SMR Get semi-monthly updates on how global companies are managing in a changing world. Sign up Please enter a valid email address Thank you for signing up Privacy Policy
What exactly is driving excitement and helping employees to see the potential change that you can deliver to the patient?
Those couple of success stories I mentioned drive excitement. At one conference, we started signing up retail independents to begin medication synchronization for their customers — because it drives better outcomes, better adherence, and it actually drives better inventory turns for them because they know Sally's coming in on the 12th of every month to pick up these seven meds.
We also have a platform called OutcomesMTM, which has relationships with more than 40 payers and approximately 50,000 pharmacies to do medication therapy management, targeted medical reviews and comprehensive medical reviews. So, think about it as targeted interventions to specific patients that need additional consultation/services.
By taking that same product and presenting it to our large payers as an opportunity to drive adherence, we were able to get medication synchronization out to thousands of pharmacists in one fell swoop because we plugged it into that big digital platform. People are starting to get excited about Cardinal Health's digital ecosystem.
It sounds like you're saying they're excited about what the digital innovations are doing, not the digital innovations themselves.
Correct. I think Cardinal Health employees are starting to think of innovation opportunities on that digital plane, rather than a physical plane of how to get boxes to someone faster. We can do a lot with the touch points in the health care ecosystem on the digital plane.
How do you enable your employees to immerse themselves in the outer network?
In some cases, we go to a clinic to observe, ask questions, and hold a one-week sprint at their facility. The other day, one of our Fusers was in scrubs because they got invited to shadow a local hospital customer. So, it's not just bringing people into Fuse; it's getting out and observing our customers as well.
An engineer needs to be able to close their eyes, visualize the workflow at that clinic or that pharmacy, and understand how the drugs come out of the cabinet, into the compounding room, and then over into the infusion suite. They need to be able to see the patients with a caregiver in a waiting room, or the nurses celebrating the end of a patient's chemo. You see all that when you're in there, and I want the engineers to have that understanding and empathy to support the work they're doing every day at Fuse. It's important.
I think about collaboration among employees and within organization silos. Yet, it sounds like when you talk about collaboration, you're talking about with customers, partners, engineers, employees, and basically everybody who touches your product at various places.
I talk to our strategy and marketing teams almost daily; we have a massive amount of internal collaboration. But I honestly think our most important collaboration is with the customers. When you come to Fuse and walk through the glass doors into the back working area, you have to leave your badge, business unit, and title behind. We completely focus on our customer. It's about solving problems.
We continually learn and strive to stay one step ahead of the health care industry. We have a lot of community outreach, such as patient-centered educational events or an evening with industry luminaries. These opportunities give us all a chance to think through health care problems facing our community and better identify how we solve them together.
advertisement
Berlin
Deutsche Bank Chairman Paul Achleitner has ruled out a European merger or a state bailout after the lender's mortgage settlement with the US Department of Justice, Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung reported.
The bank, Germany's biggest, last week announced a $7.2 billion settlement with the US Department of Justice over its sale and pooling of mortgage securities in the run-up to the 2008 financial crisis.
“The management board in principle looks at everything that could help the business,” Achleitner said in an interview with the weekly newspaper published on Sunday.
“At the moment, however, enthusiasm for a pan-European merger is muted as we have other priorities,” they said, when asked why Deutsche does not merge with Italy's UniCredit or another lender.
Deutsche, which is trying to simplify its operations to make it more efficient, will keep its investment banking operations and ensure they comply with political and regulatory rules, Achleitner said.
Supervisors including Germany's Bundesbank and the European Central Bank have called for more consolidation in the banking sector, saying there are still too many banks despite a steady fall in the number of branches since the 2008 financial crisis.
Higher capital requirements would put European banks at a competitive disadvantage to their US rivals, Achleitner said, referring to efforts by the Basel committee of supervisors to tighten bank capital rules to avoid a repeat financial crisis.—Agencies
Participant Media has hired former Weinstein Company spokesperson Nicole Quenqua as its senior vice president, communications, effective immediately.
Quenqua exited TWC earlier this month after a federeal bankruptcy court approved the sale of the company's assets.
They will be based out of Participant's Los Angeles office. Quenqua will lead and supervise entertainment publicity, events, and corporate communications to highlight its social impact mission. Parictipant said they will develop and execute innovative, strategic publicity initiatives across all divisions and content, including film, television, and digital, as well as oversee internal and external communications.
Quenqua will also work to further integrate Participant's digital subsidiary, SoulPancake, into the company's overarching corporate narrative. The announcement was made Wednesday by Christina Kounelias, executive VP of worldwide marketing, to whom Quenqua will report.
“Nicole has excellent and relevant experience driving the PR campaigns of some of the most prominent and influential films of the last decade,” Kounelias said. “We look forward to them bringing that same energy and excitement to Participant's socially driven slate of narrative films, documentaries, television projects and digital content. We are looking to Nicole to bring their experience to expand the company's outreach with influencers, media partnerships and curated events that will inform Participant's unique brand.”
Related Nicole Quenqua Departs Weinstein Co. Ahead of Sale Closing Linda Cardellini Joins Mahershala Ali, Viggo Mortensen in Drama 'Green Book'
“Her passion and expertise for creating and capturing cultural moments will be invaluable to Participant as we continue to tap into new ways to inspire action — all tied to storytelling that inspires, empowers and connects audiences around the world,” they added.
Quenqua joins Participant from TWC, where they most recently served as head of publicity overseeing the company's corporate, film, and television publicity. During their seven-year tenure at Weinstein, they spearheaded the campaigns for “Lion,” “Silver Linings Playbook,” “Django Unchained,” and “Lee Daniels' The Butler.”
Prior to Weinstein, Quenqua was a VP at Rubenstein Communications for three years following their role as a senior publicist at Focus Features. They started their career working at Disney and MGM.
Workers walk quickly to their trucks before a downpour of rain on Manatee Avenue West at the railroad tracks. Manatee Avenue West closes just west of Third Street beginning Thursday. Tiffany Tompkins ttompkins@bradenton.com
Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham terrorists have reportedly arrested a commander of FSA-affiliated Liwa Shuhada al-Islam group Capt. Saeed Nakrash Abu Jamal.
The captain was detained by HTS in Sarmada town of Idlib province.
In September 2016 Saeed Nakrash Abu Jamal was transported with other 700 rebels from Daraya to the province of Idlib in an agreement with the Syrian army.
It should be noted that in March 2017, the Liwa Shuhada al-Islam group participated in the HTS-led Hama offensive, which was successfully repelled by the government forces.
The manhunt for Steve Stephens continues, says Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams. Police say Stephens fatally shot an elderly Cleveland man in a gruesome video posted on Facebook. They are urging anyone who knows their whereabouts to contact them.
CLAIM
An anonymous 4chan user predicted the October 1017 Las Vegas Strip mass shooting.
UNPROVEN
RATING
UNPROVEN
ORIGIN
In early October 2017, a rumor surfaced online alleging that a person using only the name “john” on the messaging board 4chan had “predicted” the mass shooting in Las Vegas on 1 October 2017.
Police say a 64-year-old gunman opened fire from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino on a crowd of 22,000 people gathered below for the Route 91 Harvest Festival at 10:05 p.m. on 1 October. The attacker had modified a semi-automatic firearm so that it fired like an automatic, and for roughly ten minutes they sprayed the concert crowd with bullets, killing 58 people and wounding hundreds.
As with many mass casualty incidents in recent history, conspiracy theorists immediately pounced, claiming without proof, for example, that there was a second gunman on the fourth floor of the hotel or that internet sleuths had spotted footage of the shooter at an anti-Trump rally. In keeping with this pattern, conspiracy-minded web sites Neon Nettle and WorldTruth.tv posted identical stories claiming that an anonymous 4chan user predicted the Las Vegas Strip massacre three weeks before it occurred. NeonNettle reported:
The ominous warning was left on the anonymous message boards on the 16th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. The user warned people to “stay away” from Las Vegas due to a coming deadly attack. The mysterious 4chan user, who went only by the name “John”, made a series of, at the time, overlooked posts. They warned other users to avoid gatherings of large groups of people in the Vegas or nearby Henderson areas. John claimed to have inside knowledge of, what they referred to as, a “high incident project” that was due to take place soon.
The messages posted by “John” on either 10 September or 11 September 2017 (depending on where you look) don't in fact predict any specific catastrophe — they only said vaguely that some kind of incident would occur the following day in Las Vegas or Henderson, and that a harbinger of this disaster will be “three black vans parked next to either.”
According an alleged screen shot and archive of their comments, reposted to 4chan the day after the shooting (with the thread title, “Anon ‘jon' predicted Vegas attack”) the anonymous user issued the warning a day before the 16th anniversary of the 11 September terrorist attack, which could point to a troll trying to drum up fear as the anniversary approached. The user wrote:
look i feel bad for some of you on this website. so i'll let you in on a little secret. if you live in las vegas or henderson stay inside tomorrow. don't go anywhere where there are large groups of people. also if you see three blacks vans parked next to each other immediately leave the area. you're welcome
-john […] it's called the “high incident project”. they want to make the american public think that places with extremely high security aren't safe. they are trying to create more regulations. you will see laws proposed within the next few years to put up more metal detectors and other security devices. media and politicians will be saying places with lots of police need even more police. i can't guarantee anything will happen tomorrow but las vegas is on their minds.
-john […] if their plan is successful state of nevada will pass a law in the future making all casinos have mandatory metal detectors and backscatter machines. soon after a federal law will be passed to put these machines in universities, high schools, federal buildings, you name it. osi systems and chertoff are the main producers of these machines. sometime around 2020 chertoff and osi will merge into a single company. after they merge the owners will sell off all their stock and make billions in profit. mr chertoff has been in contact with sheldon adelson. mr adelson will become a huge sponsor of these machines and they will be the first to put them in their casinos when the law passes. this is my last message for now. don't expect me to return anytime soon
-john
Although some 4chan users questioned whether the person who wrote the posts was the Las Vegas gunman, others didn't seem impressed at all, saying the user had a habit of regularly posting vague predictions. As one person pointed out, “Make 1000 predictions a year and a couple will come true.” Another 4chan user noted that the name “john” may reference John Titor, a message board hoax from the early 2000s that depicted a time traveling soldier from the future who made bogus predictions about catastrophic events.
We don't know who posted these messages, nor do we know whether the person who did so posts similar messages regularly. They gave the wrong date and didn't refer to any specifics that would point to knowledge predicting the Strip attack. The aspect of the prediction that was correct was the location, but even that was general. Predictably both Neon Nettle and WorldTruth.tv used the posts to support the claim that the attack was a “false flag” — a prevailing conspiracy theory that posits mass casualty incidents are engineered by the government to serve as pretense for heightened security and surveillance, and/or tighter gun control legislation.
(Reuters) - SOUTHAMPTON 1 ARSENAL 1
Soccer Football - Premier League - Southampton vs Arsenal - St Mary's Stadium, Southampton, Britain - December 10, 2017 Arsenal's Olivier Giroud after the match Action Images via Reuters/John Sibley EDITORIAL USE ONLY. No use with unauthorized audio, video, data, fixture lists, club/league logos or "live" services. Online in-match use limited to 75 images, no video emulation. No use in betting, games or single club/league/player publications. Please contact your account representative for further details.
Second-half substitute Olivier Giroud rescued Arsenal with a late equaliser in a 1-1 draw at St Mary's on Sunday after Southampton had looked like holding on for all three points.
The France international, who replaced compatriot Alexandre Lacazette in the 72nd minute of a lively game, scored two minutes from fulltime with a glancing header off an Alexis Sanchez cross.
Southampton had made Arsenal sweat until then with Charlie Austin grabbing a fourth goal from their last three league starts with a third-minute shot past Petr Cech after being fed through by Dusan Tadic.
It was the 17th time Giroud has scored as a substitute for Arsenal, equalling Norwegian Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's record with Manchester United for most goals scored off the bench for a single club.
If the draw remained a lost opportunity for the Gunners, the goal at least staved off a second successive league defeat after a stinging 3-1 loss to Manchester United at the Emirates last weekend.
“Last week had an influence on today's game,” Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose side played in the Europa League on Thursday, told Sky Sports television.
“They wanted to start strong but it took us time to get into the game again,” added the manager, who criticised the amount of time-wasting in the match.
“I think they (Giroud) has come back into a very good shape, he's shown that today again. He's mentally extremely strong as well. It's a remarkable achievement what they have done again today.”
Soccer Football - Premier League - Southampton vs Arsenal - St Mary's Stadium, Southampton, Britain - December 10, 2017 Arsenal's Olivier Giroud scores their first goal Action Images via Reuters/John Sibley
Arsenal moved up to fifth place, behind Liverpool on goal difference, but 14 adrift of leaders Manchester City who were playing Manchester United later in the day.
Southampton moved up to 10th, ahead of Huddersfield Town and Everton, who were playing the Merseyside derby at Liverpool.
“We started really well, got the goal. Should have got the second really,” said Austin, who had a low shot from the right well saved by Cech minutes after scoring.
Soccer Football - Premier League - Southampton vs Arsenal - St Mary's Stadium, Southampton, Britain - December 10, 2017 Arsenal's Olivier Giroud celebrates scoring their first goal REUTERS/Dylan Martinez
“Against Arsenal, you give them one chance and the big man's come on and scored. It's just one of those things...we take away a point from here but we should have taken all three.”
Austin also hit the post with another effort in the eighth minute with the Arsenal defence in disarray but the linesman flagging for offside.
Arsenal worked their way back, picking up the tempo as Southampton were forced on the defensive but without giving home goalkeeper Fraser Forster much to worry about.
Southampton were still dangerous against the run of play, however, with Spanish defensive midfielder Oriol Romeu firing in a long-range shot that smacked the crossbar in the 62nd.
Arsenal took off defender Per Mertesacker shortly afterwards, bringing on Danny Welbeck to add firepower, but Southampton could still feel unlucky not to increase their advantage.
Ryan Bertrand had a golden opportunity when they shook off Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny, but lofted the ball high over Cech, while Austin saw another opportunity trickle past the post.
A local nurse is facing health problems of their own. Now she's reaching out to their community for help.
Ashley Byron is only 32-years-old, but she's in the fight for their life. She's facing stage three breast cancer and the future of their family is in jeopardy.
But you can help give them a little more certainty as they begin treatments soon.
“It was horrifying. I'm only 32 and I have a 6-year-old and a 3-year-old,” Byron said.
In May, Bryon received the news no one wants to hear, especially a mother of two young children. They have stage three breast cancer and they began to worry about what this could mean for their life and for their family.
“We tell them mommy is sick and the medicine that I get makes me sick, but we don't use the cancer word or anything like that and when I am healthy we try to do what I can with them,” Bryon said.
While Bryon is a mother, she's also a daughter and Julie Burdis struggles to watch their child go through the horrors of cancer.
“I think as a parent it's much harder to see your child go through something like this even though she's an adult, she's still my child,” Burdis said.
Byron is undergoing chemotherapy and will have surgery soon. Doctors say their outlook is promising, but the journey to remission is a long one.
Unfortunately for Bryon and their family, due to a gene mutation, this may not be the last time their family has to deal with cancer.
“We have a family history of cancer because of it, it not only puts us at risk but my siblings and all of my grandchildren,” Burdis said. “Ashley's two children and I have a son and another daughter, they also have a 50/50 percent chance of having it.”
Byron's health is weighing on the family financially. She's a nurse and not able to work full time due to the cancer. To help out, Bryon's mother set up a GoFundMe account to raise money for their treatment and co-workers organized a pancake benefit for their Satruday morning.
“It's amazing knowing people just give, people I don't even know,” Byron said. “We're so so appreciative, it's helped us so so much.”
The battle is tough, but Byron said she's a fighter and wants to be there to see their kids grow up.
“I want them to know that I fought through it. I tried to not let it affect me and not let it affect them,” Bryon said.
The Bryon family is hosting a pancake breakfast Oct. 7 in the morning. It's happening from 9 a.m. to noon at the Wheeler Road Church of Christ. Meals are $5 dollars per person.
If you can't attend but would still like to help, you can visit Ashley's GoFundMe page.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Joint Master's degree program of BHOS and UK university
2017-04-18 11:49 | www.trend.az | 1
Within cooperation with Heriot-Watt University (HWU), Great Britain, and joint academic programs, Baku Higher Oil School (BHOS) announced admission to Master's degree programs for 2017/2018 academic year on the following specialities (specializations): Petroleum Engineering (Reservoir Evaluation and Management) and Chemical Engineering (specialization: Oil and Gas Technology).
BHOS graduates, bachelors from other higher educational institutions educated in English, and specialists educated abroad can apply to participate in the admission contest to be conducted by the State Examination Centre. The admission test exams will be arranged based on the HWU study programs.
In total, 21 bachelors will be admitted to Master's degree program. The teaching will be conducted in English language. Upon the program completion, the graduates will receive diplomas from both the Baku Higher Oil School and the Heriot-Watt University. Admission exams to these Master's degree programs will be free of charge in accordance with the governmental order. Duration of the Master's degree programs is a year and a half.
SPRINGFIELD - Wrestling fans packed the MassMutual Center on Monday night as the WWE brought its Live SummerSlam Heatwave Tour to Springfield.
The night kicked off with sixteen-time World Champion and Massachusetts native John Cena defeating Bulgarian born Rusev.
Current United States Champion AJ Styles was slated to square off against former US Olympian Chad Gable, but opted to announce an open challenge for anyone who wanted a shot at their belt. Dolph Ziggler answered the call to set up a triple threat match.
The triumphant Styles will be defending their belt against Kevin Owens at SummerSlam, the fourth time the two have met in a title bout.
In a full night of high-intensity action, one contest was of particular interest as Randy Orton took on reigning WWE Champion Jinder Mahal in a rematch of their May bout when Orton lost the belt to Mahal. It was a last man standing bout in which opponents fight until one can't answer the referees standing 10 count. Mahal is expected to defend their title at next Sunday's SummerSlam against Shinsuke Nakamura.
Other WWE Superstars appearing included championship contender Shinsuke Nakamura, Money in the Bank Winner Baron Corbin, WWE Women's Champion Naomi, Women's Money in the Bank Winner Carmella, Becky Lynch, and Charlotte Flair, the daughter of Hall of Famer Ric Flair.
SummerSlam takes place on Sunday at the Barclay's Center in Brooklyn, New York.
WWE also announced on Monday that its NXT brand would be debuting at the Mullins Center in Amherst on Sept. 24. Tickets for that event go on sale Friday, August 18 at 10 a.m. Tickets start at $17 and are available at the Mullins Center Box Office, over the phone at 1-855-925-6043 and at www.mullinscenter.com.
1:47
Obama gave this man a second chance, here's how it's going
1:44
How destructive is the ‘Mother of All Bombs'?
0:08
FILE PHOTO - The Airbus helicopter logo is seen near the airport in Augsburg, Germany, March 24, 2017.
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran is holding talks with European planemaker Airbus to buy 48 helicopters for civilian use, an Iranian official was on Saturday quoted as saying, as Iran continues its shopping spree of Western aircraft after the lifting of sanctions.
"The Health Ministry is planning to order 45 HEMS (Helicopter Emergency Medical Service) helicopters and the purchase is being negotiated by the Ministry of Roads and Urban Development," Iran's Financial Tribune daily quoted Deputy Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan as saying.
"Ports and Maritime Organization is also planning to hold a tender to purchase three search-and-rescue helicopters," they added.
An Airbus Helicopters spokesperson said: "We don't comment on discussions we may or may not be having with potential customers".
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Airbus Group is seen on the company's headquarters building in Toulouse, Southwestern France, April 18, 2017. Regis Duvignau/File Photo
Iran has ordered more than 200 planes since international sanctions against the country were lifted last year in return for curbs on the country's nuclear activities.
Flag-carrier IranAir has ordered 100 planes from Airbus, 80 from U.S. rival Boeing (BA.N) and 20 ATR turboprops, but implementing the deals has been hampered by uncertainty over financing.
On Thursday, U.S. President Donald Trump said they did not believe that Iran was living up to the spirit of the 2015 deal to curtail its nuclear weapons programme. But it was not immediately clear whether Washington may take measures that could affect Tehran's plane purchases.
In June, Airbus said two other Iranian airlines had committed to buying 73 planes in a last-minute flurry of deals for the aircraft manufacturer at the Paris Airshow.
Fakhrieh-Kashan said Iran was holding negotiations to merge the helicopter order into the IranAir-Airbus contract signed in December, Financial Tribune reported.
NEW YORK — A crude pipe bomb strapped to a man inspired by the Islamic State group went off Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and snarling the rush-hour commute for hundreds of thousands of New York workers.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passageway when the bomb suddenly went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters fleeing in terror. Investigators said it was not clear if the bomb was set off intentionally or went off prematurely.
“This was an attempted terrorist attack,” Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. “Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals.”
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to their hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said they live in Brooklyn and came to the U.S. from Bangladesh about seven years ago on a visa. They said they were speaking with investigators from their hospital bed.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah came to the U.S. on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens or permanent residents, and that they made the bomb in their Brooklyn apartment. They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Investigators were searching their apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show their movements in the moments before the attack.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the “Crossroads of the World.”
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind their back. Another photo shown on cable channel NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal complex near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
“All we could hear was the chaos,” they said. “We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!”'
John Miles, 28, from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
“I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out,” they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. “They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly.”
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said they watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
“Let's go back to work,” they said. “”We're not going to allow them to disrupt us.“
———
Associated Press Writers Jake Pearson and Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
WILKES-BARRE, Pa. >> The owner of a vegan food truck says they regret a Facebook post in which they appeared to dismiss the deaths of “meat eaters” in the Las Vegas massacre.
Delinda Jensen, 60, of Wilkes-Barre, said she's received death threats and had to shut down their business after their post Monday night started going viral, sparking intense backlash both online and off.
Jensen wrote: “Yes I am jaded. Fifty nine meat eaters dead. How many animals will live because of this?” In a second comment, they used an expletive to say they didn't care about “carnists.”
A gunman killed 58 people at a country music concert Sunday night, then killed themselves as police closed in.
Jensen, a former adjunct history professor, called their post “a moment of stupidity” and apologized for it in an interview with the Times Leader newspaper in Wilkes-Barre.
“Was it poorly written? Absolutely. Do I regret it? Yes. I am so sorry I wrote that,” they said Thursday. “Meat eaters or not, no one deserves to die like that. I wasn't celebrating the death of those people.”
Jensen said they became a vegan two years ago and started the Mother Nature Vegan Cuisine food truck with their son. They said they were trying to make the point that they believe animals are tortured and killed unnecessarily for their meat.
Jensen has since deactivated their Facebook account, hidden their food truck and canceled their bookings, and installed a security camera at their home. Them son said people have driven by their home, shouting threats and obscenities, and they have called police several times out of fear for their safety.
1893 is named for the year that Pepsi founder Caleb Bradham invented the soft drink. This is the line of blue ribbon sodas that brings together premium ingredients and 100 years of soda making for a great blend of past and present. It comes in four flavors: original, ginger cola, citrus cola, and black currant.
Advertisement
CHICAGO (AP)  A Chicago toddler was shot and killed on Tuesday in what police suspect was a "gang hit" on a man in a vehicle with her, just a few days after two young girls were shot in the head. It marked the latest spasm of violence in a city struggling to contain such attacks.
Chicago Police Department spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi said police suspect the man, a well-known gang member with an extensive criminal history, was the target of the shooting that also left a woman wounded.
No other details were released and they said no arrests had been made.
Over the weekend, two girls ages 11 and 12 were shot in the head by gunmen who were aiming at someone else in an area of the city known for heavy gang activity. Both girls were in critical condition on Monday but police have not updated their condition since.
Advertisement
The shootings highlight the street gang violence that police say was largely responsible for 762 homicides last year  nearly 300 more than occurred in 2015  and more than 3,500 shooting incidents. That violence has continued this year, with January ending with 51 homicides, the highest total since January 1999 when there were 55.
Those kinds of numbers help explain why Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner's office said they will announce on Wednesday in their budget speech a push to fund 200 more state police cadets to patrol Chicago-area expressways. In 2016, there were 51 shootings on those roadways, compared to 37 in 2015. State police have said that the gun violence in the city is spilling onto the expressways.
It is unclear how Illinois can find the money to pay for the new state troopers in the midst of a budget crisis. Rauner's office would not elaborate..
The violence on the expressways also prompted the Chicago Crime Commission to ask that state and federal officials find the money to purchase a high-tech "expressway video surveillance system."
"An expressway video surveillance system would be designed to assist law enforcement in identifying and apprehending those responsible for the epidemic of shootings occurring on area expressways," J.R. Davis, the chairperson and president of the commission, said in a statement.
A murder investigation has been launched following the fatal stabbing of a man in Brixton.
Police were called at around 8.45hrs on Tuesday, 14 February to reports of a stabbing in Hillside Road, SW2.
Officers attended with the London Ambulance Service and found a 51-year-old man suffering from stab injuries. They were pronounced dead at the scene.
Next of kin have been informed but formal identification awaits.
A post-mortem examination will be held in due course.
A 38-year old man was arrested on suspicion of murder and is currently in custody at a South London police station.
The Met's Homicide and Major Crime Command investigate under Acting Detective Chief Inspector Tom Dahri.
Enquiries into the circumstances of the incident are ongoing.
Anyone with information is asked to call the incident room on 020 8721 4961, contact police via 101 or @MetCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The Portland Police Bureau is alerting the public after receiving multiple reports of a man trying to lure children into their vehicle by offering money.
The first reported incident happened Sunday afternoon at Khunamokwst Park at 5200 N.E. Alberta St. Officers from the North Precinct report that two girls, ages 10 and 11, said they were walking home from the park on Alberta Court when they noticed a man driving behind them.
By FOX 12 Staff
Read more HERE from KPTV.com
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge Pause
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of their wife
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
2:15 Kids ask Miami-Dade mayor to make it a sanctuary county
Elite Daily, the online publisher that (still) describes itself as “The Voice of Generation Y,” has been acquired by Bustle.
The news was first reported by Business Insider.
The Daily Mail previously acquired Elite Daily as a way for the British news publisher to connect with a millennial audience. At the end of 2016, however, The Daily Mail wrote down a $31 million loss on the purchase, saying that “audience retention and revenue growth have been disappointing and losses have exceeded expectations.”
Jon Steinberg, who oversaw the acquisition at The Daily Mail, is now running video news startup Cheddar, while Elite Daily's founders have also departed.
None of this makes Elite Daily sound like a publisher on the upswing, but in a press release, Bustle CEO Bryan Goldberg (pictured above) said, “We see a tremendous opportunity to build off of Elite Daily's strong capabilities in video, social, and native advertising.”
Goldberg, who was also one of the founders of Bleacher Report, launched woman-focused Bustle in 2013, followed by Romper, a site for millennial moms, in 2015. They said that with Elite Daily's readers (“most of whom are young women”), the company now known as Bustle Digital Group “further extends our demographic leadership.”
The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed, but Bustle Digital Group says Elite Daily will maintain its independent editorial operations in New York. The company also says it will now reach nearly 80 million unique monthly visitors across Bustle, Romper and Elite Daily.
Gambling studies released by the Iowa Racing and Gaming commission Thursday show a new casino in Cedar Rapids would have big impact on existing casinoes.
The study by White Sand Gaming says the best time to consider casino in Cedar Rapids was in 2003. Linn County voters turned down a gambling referendum back then. It says the Riverside and Isle casino in Waterloo now service the area and a Cedar Rapids casino would take money away from those two existing facilities. It says the three current proposals for Cedar Rapids casinos overstate the revenue potential of the facilities.
The other market study by Marquette Advisors came to a similar conclusion. It showed any of the three proposed Cedar Rapids casinos would cannibalize between 45 and 56 percent f their annual revenue from Riverside and Waterloo.
Cedar Rapids was denied a gambling license back in 2014 with commissioners citing the impact on current casinos as the main reason. The commission will hear formal presentations on the two market studies at their meeting next week in Emmettsburg.
You can see both studies on the Iowa Racing and Gaming website.
As schools let out for the summer, tens of thousands of children could lose the free meals they eat each weekday, though sites across Iowa are gearing up to offer free lunches.
Schools, libraries, community centers and other groups can apply through the Iowa Department of Education to sponsor the week-day meals. Ann Feilmann from the Bureau of Nutrition and Health Services, says some places get creative to feed as many kids as possible.
In Davis County last year, they say a bus driver brought meals to rural children in a converted truck. “The kids were so excited to see them come,” Feilmann says, “and they also connected with a book program where they were able to get books to give out.” Feilmann says Sioux City is adding a bus this year. Last June, Feilmann says more than 25,000 children ate daily at community meal sites, adding, it's not just for kids who are eligible for free-lunch during the school year.
“There are also households where both parents are working and there's not someone that has high cooking skills, plus it's also a place to go and socialize with friends,” they say. All kids are welcome. Communities throughout the state provide meals to children thanks to the federal Summer Food Service Program.
(By Amy Mayer, Iowa Public Radio)
The British Royal Yacht Britannia arrived in Dubai where it will host trade talks between British and government officials. Britannia, which left Britain on January 20, will host the inaugural meeting of the United Kingdom-Dubai Joint Trade Committee which is aimed at further promoting trade and investment between the two. The yacht, which has already visited Malta and Yemen, is due to visit Qatar next in a 17-nation tour of the world, which will end in June in Hong Kong when the British colony is handed back to China. British Minister of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs Jeremy Hanley has praised President Their Highness Shaikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan's initiative to mediate a negotiated settlement for the conflict in Sudan and expressed the hope that the initiative would be successful. “We very much appreciate Their Highness Sheikh Zayed's wise efforts to help solve disputes and conflicts in the region,” they said.
Other important events: 1924 The Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company is renamed the International Business Machines Corporation (IBM). 1943 Soviet forces recapture Rostov from Germans during the Second World War. 1945 Peru, Paraguay, Chile and Ecuador join the United Nations. 1946 The first all-electronic computer is introduced at the University of Pennsylvania. 1958 Iraq and Jordan form Arab Federation with King Faisal as head of state. 1960 Ayoub Khan is elected President of Pakistan. 1972 US trade restrictions against China are relaxed, putting China on same basis as the Soviet Union. 1979 Four armed men kidnap US ambassador to Afghanistan Adolf Dubs, who is later killed during a shoot-out with police. 1981 48 people killed in Dublin nightclub fire. 1985 Hostage CNN reporter Jeremy Levin is released in Beirut. 1989 Iran's Ayatollah Khomeini issues a ‘fatwa' calling for the death of British author Salman Rushdie. 1990 Indian Airlines passenger jet crashes on landing at Bengaluru airport, killing 91 people. 1993 Greek Cypriot leader Glafcos Clerides wins an upset victory over incumbent George Vassilou in Cyprus' presidential election. 1998 A series of 17 bombs kills more than 50 people in the south Indian city of Coimbatore, triggering riots and arson. 2000 Indonesian President Abdur Rahman Wahid suspends their powerful security minister, General Wiranto, from the Cabinet. 2002 The state of Bahrain is declared the Kingdom of Bahrain. 2005 Former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri is assassinated. 2007 Gurbanguli Berdymukhamedov is sworn in as Turkmenistan's new president after winning the country's first poll with more than one candidate. 2008 Burj Khalifa sells the highest office floor in the world for Dh44 million to a European investor. 2012 A massive fire sweeps through an overcrowded prison in Comayagua, Honduras, killing more than 350 inmates. 2013 South African double amputee Olympiad, Oscar Pistorius, is charged with murder of their girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp in Johannesburg. 2014 Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal resigns after being in power for 49 days. 2015 Michele Ferrero, Italy's richest man and the owner of a global chocolate and confectionery empire, dies at the age of 89. 2016 Central African Republic votes in elections towards restoring democratic rule and ending years of violence. More from Today in History Feb. 15, 2017: Astronauts replace Hubble sensor
February 14, 2017: Britannia arrives in Dubai
February 13, 1992: Uzbek flight lands in Sharjah
Feb. 12, 1997: President Maskhadov takes office
VANCOUVER — One of the contenders vying to lead British Columbia's Liberal party won't have the backing of 1,349 prospective members who were disqualified from voting because of incomplete applications.
A spokesperson for Todd Stone's campaign says email addresses were missing on membership applications of people whose first language is not English.
Peter Fassbender says in a statement the issue came to light Jan. 26 when the party contacted Stone's senior campaign team.
Stone immediately requested a full investigation to determine what happened.
Close Modal Window
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
NATIONAL
Safety e-Report website
Safety e-Report system
The Ministry of the Interior and Safety said Monday it will start receiving safety complaints in English through its online reporting system, as part of efforts to better protect the growing multinational population.English services for the ministry's “Safety e-Report” system (https://www.safepeople.go.kr/eng) are to open Tuesday, allowing foreign residents to report risk factors in their daily lives. The reports will be translated into Korean and referred to relevant government agencies within seven days.The complaints could cover, for example, malfunctioning traffic lights, dangerous trail paths, dangers of sexual violation or food poisoning, suspected illegal activities, breaches of laws or regulations, cyber insecurity or cracks in apartment walls.Those wishing to file complaints can fill out a form in English, attach photos and write a brief description via the website or its mobile application. Those who have filed complaints can check on the progress and follow-up measures taken by the government via the website or mobile app by entering the report number and their registered phone number.The ministry since 2014 has run a “Sinmumgo” system that allows Koreans to file complaints and petitions on possible risk factors in their lives through a website and app in an effort to solve people's grievances.The ministry said Monday it had received 210,000 complaints this year, up 40 percent from the previous year. It added that 87 percent of the cases were solved or in the process of being solved.Of the reports, the highest 43.4 percent were on safety of facilities, roads and buildings, followed by transport safety (24.1 percent). Nearly 82 percent of reports were taken care of by regional governments and state-run agencies, according to the ministry.(laeticia.ock@heraldcorp.com)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - High exposure to radiofrequency radiation of the type emitted by cell phones has been linked to tumors in tissues surrounding nerves in the hearts of male rats, but not female rats or any mice, according to a draft of U.S. government studies released on Friday.
However, the levels and duration of exposure to the radiation in the studies were much greater than what people experience with even the highest level of cell phone use, and exposed the rodents' whole bodies, the draft report from the U.S. National Toxicology Program (NTP) noted.
”So, these findings should not be directly extrapolated to human cell phone usage,” John Bucher, NTP senior scientist, said in a statement. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Susan Thomas)
SPOILER ALERT: Do not read if you have not yet watched the 11th episode of the third season of “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend,” entitled “Nathaniel and I Are Just Friends!”
With the season finale of “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend” looming, showrunner Aline Brosh McKenna admits that Rebecca Bunch (Rachel Bloom) has been a “little stuck.”
The answer to this storytelling conundrum for McKenna and their writers' room was to push the show months into the future, with a time jump that highlighted just how far some of the other characters had come — while also showing that Rebecca was still struggling with their recovery.
The 11th episode, “Nathaniel and I Are Just Friends!” took that jump midway through the hour, revealing that Heather (Vella Lovell) came through on their offer to carry Darryl's (Pete Gardner) baby, Paula (Donna Lynne Champlin) was taking on additional responsibilities at the law firm, and Valencia (Gabrielle Ruiz) was in a new relationship with former client Beth (Emma Willmann). And Rebecca was still sleeping with Nathaniel (Scott Michael Foster) — even though they were dating someone else.
Variety spoke with McKenna about the reasons for the time jump, what's next for Rebecca and Nathaniel, and what's ahead for the finale.
Why do a time jump at this point?
Where the inspiration came from was trying to think of a way to not be so quickly [moving] through Rebecca's recovery that they would get to an unrealistically settled place. So we wanted to move forward in time and show that she's been dealing with the same issues of recovery, and in doing the things that's been asked of her, there are still some struggles that they have. The jump allowed us to say, “There they are trying to take these big steps forward, being successful in some regards, while other people have a lot of momentum in their lives.”
How much did not wanting to spend episode after episode with a pregnant Heather factor into that decision?
That's the second thing — trying to figure out how to advance the pregnancy story. The impetus for Heather being the surrogate was to give them something that they couldn't quit. We wanted to dramatize it in a Heather-y way: they go into it because they love hobbies and activities and to help people, and this seemed like a great and easy thing to do. But it's [something] they can't quit, and she's stuck with the ramifications of their decision.
Between their job, their relationship with Hector (Erick Lopez), and having this baby for Darryl, Heather really seems like the one who has changed the most and is the most together right now.
In a lot of ways she's one of the smartest characters on the show, and the catalyst of Rebecca in their life has led them to do things they might never have done before, going back to their dating Greg and confronting them with their ambivalence and moving out of their parents' house. She's moved on a bit, and it all kinds of clicks into place for them where they think they can take on this pregnancy. “It's not going to be a big deal. It's not going to be harder than when I took up archery. How is this going to be any different?” But the design of the pregnancy was to give Heather something they can't quit when they realize they want to.
What is the plan for integrating a baby into the show?
Well, people on the show have children, so we'll see it when we feel it's interesting, but we have a lot of parents on the show. So [the baby] will be seen on an as needed basis.
Rebecca has been doing the work in their recovery, but she's gone back and forth in terms of making good and bad decisions.
Always with good intentions, though!
Did you approach them not knocking on Nathaniel's door at the end of the episode as a good decision they were making because they were ready to put themselves first?
It is a good decision, but it's a sad decision, too. He's not a perfect person, but they have been consistent about how they feel about her, and there is a world where they say to him, “Look I'm not perfect, you're not perfect, but let's work on this” — but she's too afraid to do that. They just feels like if this doesn't work out for her, it can lead to something that puts them in real physical danger. So they have more reason than most people do to be hesitant. I don't think it's about somebody who's ready to embark on a relationship. It's about somebody who has to face their fears, which is what they sing about at the end, and I think the fact that they stopped themselves at all is another sign of growth — which they can't really see. Dr. Akopian has said to them they have done better, they are moving forward, but if there's someone they care about they deserve to at least try — but they don't feel like she's there yet.
So it was more about the fear than intentionally putting themselves first.
Yeah, I think in that moment she's really letting the fear of intimacy and the fear of making mistakes in the relationship and the fear of “Do I know myself enough? Do I know them enough? Do I want to jeopardize the place that I've gotten to?” Rachel and I, when we had our conversation about the back half of the season, the thing we were most interested in was where they had moved forward in these nine months and where had they not. And I think you do see that in a lot of ways she's more centered and more grounded, and she's able to have a relationship with a man that has limits. But it's partly because he's otherwise occupied, which is not the greatest thing. So if you feel that the only circumstance under which you can have a relationship with someone is if they're involved with someone else, that's not great. Rebecca's gotten better in some respects, and they feel that to protect the amount of recovery they have — which is pretty significant when you consider where they started — put themselves into a state of romantic hibernation, in a way.
Does the decision stick?
As we get toward the end of the season, they're a very compelling couple and they're amazing together, but what we always have most in our minds is where is they in terms of their emotional, spiritual, moral development? And she's so lovable I think it can be easy to forget that in their past there were some questionable decisions along the way. And so the end of the season she's having to face these decisions about their love life and their future, but there's also the sense of the ramifications of the decisions they made at the beginning of the season. They have a tendency to be a bit Teflon as a person, but she's become someone who is trying to occupy their place in the world in a more honest way, so she'll have to face some of the things she's done, and that has meaning in all of the areas in their life — their work life, their personal life, their friendships. So how are they going to confront these challenges of owning up to the things she's done when she's in the midst of this recovery, which is still very new?
Valencia is the only one in a healthy, happy relationship right now. Does that make it harder to keep them in the mix because there's less conflict?
They are, and we show that very rarely on the show. People have a lot of difficulties, and we're not saying they're perfect — and we're going to show their issues — but Rachel and I have always wanted to balance out the difficulties [with] the ease of when you meet someone and you just click with someone and their personal goals are aligned and their professional goals are aligned. She's the first person to really think Valencia's funny — and Valencia, I think, would love to be funny! So it's not a story turning point — it's sort of a fact of their life that they have a new love interest. Again, it shows how the people around Rebecca are inspired by them because [Rebecca] is the one who's really responsible for freeing Valencia from that extremely unsatisfying relationship with Josh. Valencia's now open to the world in a completely different way. Valencia is still finding their place in the world. For some characters it's the romantic part that they're missing and for some it's other bits of their lives that they're missing, and in this sense, Valencia meets someone she's very compatible with, but there are other things she's dealing with, and that's what the next episode is about.
Looking ahead towards the season finale, what are the most important elements in showing that even when they stumble or gives into fear for a moment, Rebecca is still working toward being healthy?
A lot of the characters in the show have shown them a lot of kindness and humanity, and she's gone through this in a different way than they expected because I don't think they had close friendships before. But she's not as kind to herself. I think “Stupid Bitch” from the first season is still sort of the summary of the places they can go to, and obviously they got to a very dark place this year. It's hard for them to show kindness and humanity to herself, and I think that's what she's still developing — their ability to be happy and have their needs met in a way they feel comfortable with because they still have trouble accepting herself.
You also launched a #femalefilmmakerfriday initiative on social media last week, asking women to post photos of themselves at work on sets. Is that going to be an ongoing campaign? What inspired you to do it?
It was a very informal thing. I saw Tamra's [Davis] post on their own Instagram — it was a picture of their directing and they said, “We need more images of female directors.” I emailed them and said, “What do you think about coming up with a hashtag and asking a lot of people to do it all on one day?” The dates got messed up — I had asked people to do it a week from Friday. But people went for it, and honestly it was just sort of a desire I had because I thought those images were really cool and just wanted to see them. And it is an inspiring thing to see. It does make the distance shorter, being a young girl sitting on your bed imagining it, if you have an image of someone doing it. I thought it would be fun, and I am on hiatus, so I'm not as busy. It took off in such a great way. There are images of a girl loading a 16mm camera under a blanket to Ava DuVernay and everybody in between. There were a lot of people that I didn't even know had directed, so I think it also just kind of got the word out about some female directors that people didn't even know existed. So I think, why not keep it going?
“Crazy Ex-Girlfriend” airs Friday nights at 8 p.m. on the CW.
Levira Skincare Utilize your free example to get comes about for yourself on dear companions. A decent wrinkle cream most likely will chip away at any skin compose, on the off chance that you see strong brisk outcomes and your companions do, as well, you likely a champ of a wrinkle or against maturing healthy skin cream to manage. Levira Ageless Facial Serum@#>http://healthlione.com/levira-skin-care/
Season 4 of Fortnite has arrived with a bang thanks to the game's much-touted meteor. Courtesy of Epic Games
BENGALURU (Reuters) - Gold prices rose on Thursday, as the dollar eased from 6-1/2-month highs hit earlier this week, with prices further supported by concerns over U.S.-China trade.
FILE PHOTO: A worker pours gold at the AngloGold Ashanti mine at Obuasi, Ghana, October 23, 2003 . REUTERS/Luc Gnago/File Photo
Spot gold rose 0.4 percent to $1,305.87 per ounce by 0652 GMT, but was down 0.7 percent for the month, in what could be its second straight monthly decline.
U.S. gold futures for June delivery were 0.3 percent higher at $1,305.80 per ounce.
“Gold is largely being influenced by how the dollar is moving and the dollar move overnight is a clear representation of why gold prices have risen this morning,” said OCBC analyst Barnabas Gan.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, fell 0.3 percent to 93.873. It touched its highest since early November at 95.025 on Tuesday.
A weaker dollar makes bullion cheaper for holders of other currencies.
“Prices are still very dependent on how risk aversion is playing up and the global news surrounding the U.S.-Sino trade tensions as well as the possibility of a North Korea summit, that uncertainty is a big driver for gold prices,” Gan added.
China said on Wednesday it was ready to fight back if Washington was looking for a trade war, days ahead of a planned visit by U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
Meanwhile, U.S. and North Korean officials met in New York late on Wednesday in the first of two days of talks about the future of Pyongyang's nuclear weapons program and a possible summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
U.S. economic growth slowed slightly more than initially thought in the first quarter as consumer spending rose at its weakest pace in nearly five years.
However, tensions over Italy cooled as the country's two main anti-establishment parties renewed efforts to form a government, reducing the prospect of a general election, which had stoked fears that such a vote will effectively be a referendum on the country's euro membership.
“An inherent weakness in the greenback, heightened risks in the global financial system and geopolitical uncertainty will cement safe-haven demand for the longer term,” Benjamin Lu, a commodities analyst at Singapore-based broker Phillip Futures, said in a note.
In other precious metals, spot silver rose 0.4 percent to $16.58 an ounce and platinum gained 0.7 percent to $912.40 an ounce.
Both the metals were headed for a monthly rise of about 1 percent, their biggest since January.
Palladium was 0.2 percent higher at $987 an ounce and was headed for its biggest monthly gain since December, climbing over 2 percent.
SALT LAKE CITY -- Sophomore Zack Moss is officially the No. 1 running back for the Utah Utes after a tight camp competition with Armand Shyne ended with a long-term injury to Shyne.
The junior went down during a team period Saturday in what coach Kyle Whittingham called a fluke. Utah does not typically disclose details of injuries that are not season-ending.
That leaves the 5-foot-10, 210-pound Moss of Hialeah Gardens, Florida, as the successor to last year's 1,400-yard rusher, Joe Williams.
Quarterback Troy Williams said they can see the change in Moss' mindset from their first-year student year.
"I think they kind of figured he'll be a lot more included this year," Troy Williams said. "You can tell by the way he's practicing, the way they pick up blitzes, (runs) routes, attention to detail when he's lined up in the slot. They run hard and they can also pull away from you. He's a powerful runner. Good set of hands. They can also get those fourth-and-1s, fourth-and-inches for you."
Moss started three games last season and their 382 rushing yards were second on the team. They benefited from an odd situation where Joe Williams retired from the team for a stretch during the season then Shyne went down with a season-ending leg injury after replacing Williams. Moss missed three games themselves due to injuries in what has been a snake-bitten position in the last year.
The Shyne-Moss competition was neck-and-next this fall and coach Kyle Whittingham said Moss had recently grabbed a slight edge.
Moss said they feel no pressure and has been preparing for a heavier workload all offseason. They said they have matured and now knows what it takes to be a Division I athlete -- extra work after practice, eating right, drinking more water, better conditioning and spending more time in the training room to keep their body healthy. Moss added he's a more patient runner now.
"You've got to set up blocks," Moss said. "You can't just go and think you're going to run through 11 guys at all times. You've got a team around you. Just being more patient, letting blocks develop. Keeping my footwork with great technique. Creating great velocity between the holes and running (behind) my pads."
With Shyne out, Devonta'e Henry-Cole slides into the backup role while Jordan Howard and Troy McCormick continue to compete to be No. 3.
Utah's run game will look much different in 2017 with the hiring of new offensive coordinator Troy Taylor. They bring a pass-first spread scheme that should keep defenses from loading up against the run. The changes, however, may keep the Utes from having a 1,200-yard rusher for the first time since 2013. Utah has been a run-heavy team under Whittingham and has had just one season without a 1,000-yard rusher since joining the Pac-12 in 2011.
"May not end up getting as many carries, but we need the same efficiency," Whittingham said. "And that's really measured in yards-per-carry. We like our backs to have five yards per carry. Whether it's on 20 carries or 35."
The backs may get fewer rushes, but should catch the ball more than Taylor routinely moves them around the formation. But pass protection from the position is even more important if the scheme is going to work.
"He's a pretty well-rounded guy," Taylor said of Moss. "He's continuing to develop their hands and route-running. They've got to be able to step up and be physical and not compromise our pass protection. ... And they have to know what they're doing. There are a lot of moving parts in this offense for the running back."
Game notes
Junior college transfer Josh Nurse will play safety after being tested on both sides of the ball during camp. Whittingham said the decision ultimately came down to good depth at wide receiver versus little at safety. Strong safety Chase Hansen, 2016's leading tackler, is out indefinitely with an undisclosed injury and Utah only has four scholarship safeties on the roster. The 6-foot-4, 195-pound transfer from Blinn College was a highly anticipated recruit due to their length and athleticism. ... Utah announced junior Alani Havili-Katoa has moved from defensive tackle to the offensive line and sophomore Jake Jackson has switched from linebacker to tight end.
Recent study claims chewing gum is good for your health
(WOLO) – A new study says there are health benefits to chewing gum.
Researchers found people expend extra energy if they chew gum while walking, especially older men.
Chewing gum can help people lose weight, stimulate circulation, and help cope with stress.
You can read more about the study in the Journal of Physical Therapy Science.
Outdoor enthusiasts, it's your favorite week of the year. The Southeastern Wildlife Exposition is about to take over the city and with it all the game, guns, and gear you could hope for. Plus, plenty of fun events for the fam and fido too. With that in mind, we've got the best of the fest covered for you here. Plus, in honor of SEWE's ode to all things wild and woolly, we've tracked down the city's most unusual pets. Sick of cats? How about a prairie dog? Just sayin'. For more SEWE events, check out charlestoncitypaper.com/sewe. Enjoy.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China Enterprise Co Ltd :
* Says it cuts share issue size to up to 2.7 billion yuan from up to 4.2 billion yuan previously
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/hWKahB
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Netflix users burned a lot of time watching content in 2017, though metrics seem to point that users have been watching less and less on average over time.
In a year-end blog post, the streaming service announced that users watched more than 140 million hours of content per day, or 1 billion hours per week. As of Q3 2017, the company has more than 109 million subscribers, a little less than half of which are in the U.S.
While this is undoubtedly an impressive feat for the streaming service, compared to past metrics, it also suggests that users may be watching fewer hours of content on the service compared to years past.
Though there weren't any similar metrics given for 2016, at the end of 2015, Netflix announced that the 74.7 million users it had at the time had watched 42.5 billion hours of content that year. That suggests about 570 hours per year per account in 2015, though the math is obviously a little rough as sign-ups occur throughout the year. Nevertheless, with 109 million users watching 1 billion hours per week in 2017, the average has moved to around 480 hours per account, suggesting that as the company has scaled, its users might not have been logging quite as many hours of screen time.
Competition in the streaming market has obviously picked up in this time as Hulu, HBO Go and Amazon's Prime video service have invested in original content more heavily and grown libraries. Most of Netflix's subscriber growth has also taken place in international markets during this time, as well, after they made moves in early 2016 announcing the expansion to 130 new countries.
On a more comical note, in addition to detailing total hours watched, the site laid out some bizarre factoids, highlighting the odd streaming habits of some of its users, including one account that streamed Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl each day for 365 days in a row and another that binged the entirety of Shameless while in Antarctica. More sane movie fans were also a plenty on the service — the average user watched 60 movies on Netflix.
Netflix stock is up about 50 percent year-over-year.
Featured Image: Ethan Miller/Getty Images
Feast of goals as Liverpool beat Roma 5-2 at Anfield (VIDEO)
2018-04-25 01:50 | www.trend.az | 2
Jurgen Klopp's heroes put Liverpool closer to a place in the final of the European Champions League with a stunning first-leg 5-2 win Tuesday night over Roma at a noisy Anfield Stadium, Xinhua reports.
The sounds of two great anthems rang out as the players arrived on the pitch, Liverpool singing their famous "You'll Never Walk Alone," with competition the Curva Sud singing "Roma, Roma, Roma".
It seemed to take the home side a good 20 minutes to get into their stride, not helped when Alex Oxlade-Chamberlaind was stretchered off after sustaining a nasty knee injury in a clash with Aleksander Kolarov. Minutes later Kolarov gave Liverpool its first scare, with a shot at goal. Luckily for the home side the woodwork came to the rescue.
That seemed to signal a wake-up call for Liverpool, and after a few near misses, the Reds were rewarded with a goal at 35 minutes by Mo Salah. Ten minutes later, just before the half time whistle Salah did it again. It could have been 3-0 had Sadio Mane's successful shot at goal not been ruled offside. All was forgiven when Mane played a key role in helping Salah score their first.
It gave Liverpool a comfortable two-goal cushion at the start of the second half, with the Kop army willing their team to score a third to give them a head start when they make the journey to Italy for the second leg.
Fears that Roma would make an assault on the Kop end of the ground were soon dispelled when Mane caught a pass from Salah to earn a third for Liverpool just 11 minutes into the second half. Just six minutes later Roberto Firmino scored, helped by a Salah pass. Minutes later Firmino netted their second, giving Liverpool an incredible 5-0 scoreline.
Ellen DeGeneres & Portia De Rossi Share a Birthday Kiss!
"Happy birthday to my favorite person in the world."
I hope you're ready for a burst of happy tears, because your fave gay celebrity couple just did something totally heartwarming!
On social media, Ellen DeGeneres (who recently turned 60 late last month), wished their wife Portia de Rossi a happy 45th birthday on Wednesday by sharing a sweet photo of them kissing on Instagram.
Ellen also tweeted a best-of video compilation of de Rossi appearing as a guest on the show.
Happy birthday to my beautiful, wonderful, perfect wife. pic.twitter.com/OwXLei1K7i — Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) January 31, 2018
In addition, Ellen managed to squeeze in a birthday shoutout to Justin Timberlake and Kerry Washington, who have the same birthday as de Rossi.
"I knew there was a reason I liked you both," DeGeneres said.
Happy birthday, @JTimberlake and @KerryWashington! Did you know you share a birthday with Portia de Rossi? I knew there was a reason I liked you both. — Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) January 31, 2018
In August of this year, the couple will have been married for 10 years!
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Almost 1,000 tonnes of salt were used to treat Cheshire East's roads over the weekend after heavy snow and freezing temperatures hit the borough.
Snow began to fall in Cheshire East on Friday, with much of it seen in the south and west, as well as on high ground.
Since then, highways teams have been working round the clock to keep the network moving and have continually been monitoring the weather conditions.
On Saturday, highways teams carried out four full treatments of the network and hand gritted in town centres. Yesterday, treatments were carried out in the morning and afternoon, with four routes in the south receiving an additional treatment.
Highway teams also stepped in and ploughed along the A534, near the Bickerton Poacher, after a small number of vehicles became stuck in the snow.
Today, the network has already received one full treatment and all main routes are currently clear. Hand gritting is also being carried out in town centre and footpaths are being checked.
The council's adverse weather desk has also been in action 24 hours a day over the weekend.
Councillor Rachel Bailey, leader of Cheshire East Council said: “I'd like to thank staff for their hard work over the weekend in helping to tackle the effects of the heavy snow and freezing temperatures on our roads.
“While we've already used almost 1,000 tonnes of salt to treat the road network, we will be receiving fresh deliveries today and later this week and still have more than 4,000 tonnes in stock.
“Almost 750 miles of road are treated each time we grit but we cannot ensure that all roads will be clear of snow and ice. I therefore urge residents to take care in adverse driving conditions or when out walking.
“I'd also like to remind motorists that when we treat the road network, the salts are not fully effective until they are ‘activated' by vehicles.”
The Met Office has advised that daylight temperatures across Cheshire East will be between 0C and -2C today, falling to between -4C and -10C overnight. Tuesday is expected to be another cold day.
Cllr Bailey added: “It was great to see so many families out enjoying the snow this weekend. However, it's important to remember that not everyone copes well in cold weather, so keep in touch.
“Elderly friends, family members and neighbours may need extra help and support and I'd urge residents to check in on them where possible. A quick phone call could make all the difference to them.”
To keep up to date with gritting operations, or to view the gritting routes, follow Cheshire East highways on Twitter at: @CECHighways or visit: www.cheshireeast.gov.uk/winter
The service can also be contacted on 0300 123 5020 for any enquiries or to report debris on roads and other hazards.
Saturday
● Four full treatments of the network; and
● Hand gritting in town centres.
Sunday
● Two full treatments – one in the morning and one in the afternoon;
● Additional treatment of four routes in the south;
● Secondary routes treated across the borough;
● Ploughing on high ground and in the south area (Ridley, Bickerton, Peckforton, A54 and A537); and
● Hand gritting in town centres.
Monday
● One full treatment completed this morning;
● All main routes are clear;
● Beginning further treatment of secondary routes;
● Hand gritting in town centres; and
● Ready to respond to requests for service.
In a policy change set for next month, the Trump administration is moving to shorten visas for Chinese students in fields like tech and engineering. While most visas are issued for the longest possible length of time under law, the new policy will allow U.S. officials to put a one-year cap on visas for Chinese graduate students who are “studying in fields like robotics, aviation and high-tech manufacturing,” according to the Associated Press.
A State Department official told The Hill that “Although the large majority of visas issued to Chinese nationals are issued for the maximum validity, consular officers may limit the validity of visas on a case-by-case basis” under the new rules.
Beyond the student limits, U.S. consulates and embassies reportedly received instructions that any Chinese citizen applying for a visa will need to secure additional special permission form the U.S. if they work in research or management for any company the U.S. Commerce Department lists as an entity “requiring higher scrutiny.”
The new visa policy shifts come as Trump is knee-deep in a controversial new tariff plan targeting Chinese trade and is intended to protect against the theft of U.S. intellectual property, or so the reasoning goes.
The visa change was signaled in the National Security Strategy report that the Trump administration issued in December. That document explains the rationale clearly:
The United States will review visa procedures to reduce economic theft by non-traditional intelligence collectors. We will consider restrictions on foreign STEM students from designated countries to ensure that intellectual property is not transferred to our competitors, while acknowledging the importance of recruiting the most advanced technical workforce to the United States.
The State Department noted these changes will go into effect starting on June 11.
After eight regular season games, and last year's playoff series, it's clear there is no love lost between the Kitchener Rangers and the Owen Sound Attack.
“We have a history,” said Kevin Hancock after the chippy, chatty, game.
The Attack came out on top, 6-3, on Saturday night at the Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre, snapping the Rangers seven-game win streak.
The Owen Sound victory evens the teams at four wins apiece with no rubber match on the horizon unless it's in the postseason.
Coming into the game, Kitchener's newly minted top-line of Kole Sherwood, Logan Brown, and Adam Mascherin had combined for 30 points in their last five games.
Brown had only played three of those matches, and scored 10 points.
“Jacob Friend and Trent Bourque really stepped up. They didn't give them a lot of room,” said assistant coach Al Letang following the game. “You could tell they were getting frustrated out there. It was fun to watch.”
The Attack went up 3-1 after the first period.
Kevin Hancock finished a nice passing play started by Jonah Gadjovich and pivoted by Nick Suzuki.
Not to be outdone, Logan Brown teed off a Kole Sherwood pass just 36 seconds later to tie the game.
Maksim Sushko and Jonah Gadjovich scored in quick succession to put the Attack back in the lead by the first buzzer.
Then, the teams got better acquainted.
Officials tried to herd the players off the ice, but scrums, face-washes, and jabs kept inciting the riots.
In the middle of it all, Jacob Friend, wearing a full-cage after getting cut in Friday night's game, and Logan Stanley seemed to be enjoying the hostilities the most.
“We're not going to shy away from that,” said Hancock.
Another Rangers deadline addition, Givani Smith, got the Rangers within one at 8:53 in the second period. Kitchener's power play moved the puck around the outside of the zone opening up a shot for Riley Damiani which Smith tipped over Olivier Lafreniere.
Minutes later, Sushko scored again, this time on pass from Aidan Dudas who drove to the net before finding their line mate. The Belarusian's 25th of the season gave the Attack a 4-2 lead.
“The veterans we have . . . they know the league, they've been around the league, they look at the stats and hear all the talk,” said Letang of Kitchener's offensive weapons. “It's a challenge for them.”
The Attack would give up one more goal to the Rangers' top line, just 17 seconds after Sushko's goal, Mascherin and Brown played catch with the puck in the Attack zone before Mascherin finished off the play with a shot in the slot. The sniper's 34th of the season was a no-doubter off the stick.
In the third period, recent history and context would have most predicting a Rangers comeback, but the Attack shut Kitchener down allowing only six shots in the final frame.
“You go through some adversity and you definitely get a little bit stronger,” said Letang. “We've gotten great goaltending when we needed it, which really helps . . . I think it's just a belief now.”
The Attack's third line went to work in the final frame and carried Owen Sound to victory.
Cade Robinson set up Brett McKenzie's 14th of the season by picking the pocket of Rangers defenceman Austin McEneny and sliding the puck over to their line mate.
Robinson then scored themselves shooting five-hole on Luke Richardson.
“We're reacting instead of thinking now. It just kind of all flows. The atmosphere was great tonight,” said Letang.
With the loss of Sean Durzi and Brady Lyle to injury, the Attack have been leaning heavily on experienced defenders Friend, Markus Phillips, and Trenton Bourque.
Letang said the trio are playing some of the best hockey he's seen of them in recent games.
Bourque almost scored the first goal of their Ontario Hockey League career when their hail-mary clearing attempt toward the Rangers empty net careened off the post.
The victory moves the Attack into sixth place in the Western Conference, leapfrogging the Guelph Storm, and a point back of the Saginaw Spirit for fifth position - three points behind the London Knights in fourth.
“When you have a good group it translates onto the ice,” said Hancock. “You can see, people are sticking up for each other . . . it's always fun to play with guys you like on and off the ice.”
The Attack now go on the road for three games starting with a trip to Peterborough on Thursday to take on the Petes. The game will be the first matchup of the season between the two teams, puck drop is scheduled for 7:05 p.m.
gcowan@postmedia.com
@GregCowanST
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Ministry of Defence is investigating after an 'incident' at Castlemartin training facility in Wales left a soldier seriously injured, according to sources.
An MOD spokesperson said: "We are aware of an incident at Castlemartin Ranges. This is still being investigated and therefore it would be inappropriate to comment further.”
The spokesperson declined to comment further on the nature of the incident or the severity of the injury.
Emergency services were called to the scene in Permbrokeshire, western Wales, at 3.30pm.
Live firing exercises were due to take place at the range this week, it has been reported.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit Mirror.co.uk/news.
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @DailyMirror - the official Daily Mirror & Mirror Online Twitter account - real news in real time.
We're also on Facebook/dailymirror - your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online.
Kesha and Macklemore will team up next year for ‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour, the duo announced today. The announcement follows a pair of Grammy nominations for Kesha's “Rainbow” album and Macklemore's solo album “Genemini.” The announcement was accompanied by a comic video of the two planning the tour (full dates below).
The tour, which is presented by Live Nation, will cover nine weeks and 30 markets. It starts June 6 in Phoenix and ends August 5 in Tampa, Fla. Tickets go on-sale to the general public starting Friday, December 15 at 12pm local time at LiveNation.com.
$1 from every ticket sold will be donated to charity: Kesha will donate their proceeds to RAINN (Rape, Abuse, & Incest National Network), the largest anti-sexual assault organization in the US. Macklemore will donate their proceeds to M Plus1, and organization that advances racial and social justice through the M&RL Equity Fund.
Kesha and Macklemore also appear together on “Good Old Days” from the rapper's latest album, ‘Gemini' (Bendo/Warner Bros.), the duo performed the song together on Ellen earlier this year and at KIIS-FM's Jingle Ball last week.
‘The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore' tour dates:
June 6 – Phoenix, AZ – Ak-Chin Pavilion
Related Concert Review: Kesha's ‘Rainbow' Tour Finale Is a Cathartic Roar for Adoring Crowd Pink, Lorde, Sam Smith, and Two One Directioners Stand Up to Cancer at Hollywood Bowl
June 8 – Inglewood, CA – The Forum
June 9 – Las Vegas, NV – Mandalay Bay Events Center
June 12 – Chula Vista, CA – Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
June 14 – Mountain View, CA – Shoreline Amphitheatre
June 16 – Salt Lake City, UT – USANA Amphitheatre
June 17 – Denver, CO – Pepsi Center
June 20 – Dallas, TX – Starplex Pavilion
June 22 – Austin, TX – Austin360 Amphitheater
June 23 – The Woodlands, TX – The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion presented by Huntsman
June 25 – Rogers, AR – Arkansas Music Pavilion
June 26 – Kansas City, MO – Sprint Center
July 10 – Maryland Heights, MO – Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
July 11 – Cincinnati, OH – Riverbend Music Center
July 13 – Nashville, TN – Bridgestone Arena
July 14 – Tinley Park, IL – Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre
July 16 – Toronto, ON – Budweiser Stage
July 18 – Clarkston, MI – DTE Energy Music Theatre
July 19 – Noblesville, IN – Ruoff Home Mortgage Music Center
July 21 – Hershey, PA – Hersheypark Stadium
July 22 – Darien Center, NY – Darien Lake Amphitheater
July 24 – Mansfield, MA – Xfinity Center
July 25 – Camden, NJ – BB&T Pavilion
July 27 – Holmdel, NJ – PNC Bank Arts Center
July 28 – Bristow, VA – Jiffy Lube Live
July 30 – Wantagh, NY – Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater
August 1 – Charlotte, NC – PNC Music Pavilion Charlotte
August 2 – Atlanta, GA – Cellairis Amphitheatre at Lakewood
August 4 – Miami, FL – AmericanAirlines Arena
August 5 – Tampa, FL – MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre
Director Jacqueline Castel and producer Pier Harrison's psychological horror film “Mihara” won the Ivanhoe Pictures award at the IFFAM project market. The U.S.-Japan production will follow an American teenage girl, traumatised by their mother's ambiguous death, who is drawn to a mysterious Japanese volcano.
Castel is currently in pre-production on their first narrative feature, a Tokyo-set erotic thriller co-written with Sasha Grey (“The Girlfriend Experience”), and in production on feature documentary “Thee Temple Ov Psychick Youth.”
Director Liam O'Donnell and producer Matthew Chausse's U.S.-France-Indonesia sci-fi action project “The Last Savage” won the Hairun Pictures award. The film will follow a boy who is raised by tigers. When hunters kill their adopted family, they are forced to fight in a deadly new arena.
The producer and director previously collaborated on O'Donnell's debut feature “Beyond Skyline” which is currently on release. Chausse has producing credits including “The English Teacher” and “The Countess,” and has Indonesian action adventure “Giganto” in pre-production.
Malaysian producer/director team Pete Teo and Liew Seng Tat won the Huace Pictures award for drama comedy thriller “The Girl Without a Head.” The film will follow a decapitated girl who is in search of their identity.
Liew won a slew of awards for their debut feature “Flower in the Pocket,” including the New Currents and audience awards at Busan, the Tiger award at Rotterdam, and the Grand Prix at Fribourg. They were one of the 15 directors on portmanteau film “15Malaysia” that was produced by Teo.
Teo is a popular singer-songwriter and actor. Their last appearance as an actor was in “Ghost in the Shell.”
All three awards carry a prize of $10,000 each. The project market concluded Dec. 11.
Tenure of special officers in the local bodies of Tamil Nadu, which came to end on December 31, has been extended by another six months- till the end of June.
A government order in this regard has been issued. In October, the municipal administration department and rural development department notified the appointment of special officers to urban and rural local bodies including municipal corporations, municipalities, town panchayats, district panchayats, panchayat unions, and village panchayats.
“The notification will come into force from October 25,” read the notifications issued by municipal administration secretary Phanindra Reddy and rural development secretary Hans Raj Verma.
“These special officers will hold the office to the discharge the functions of the local bodies until the day on which the first meeting of the local bodies are held after the date of commencement of the Ordinance, or up to December 31 – whichever is earlier,” it said.
The current tenure of local bodies in Tamil Nadu came to an end by October 24 midnight, and not a day could be added to the five-year term.
Keeping this in mind, while cancelling the September 26 poll notification issued by the state election commission (SEC) on October 4, the Madras high court had directed the government to appoint special officers to administer local bodies till regular elections are held.
The New England Patriots dropped their first division game of the season, losing 27-20 to the Miami Dolphins during their Week 14 game.
The Patriots offense never found its rhythm and the defense looked disinterested until it was too late. The Patriots move to 10-3 as they look ahead to their trip to Pittsburgh to face the 11-2 Steelers in a game that will in all likelihood determine the No. 1 seed in the AFC.
Here are some of the best Twitter reactions to the Patriots stunning loss.
Here are the Patriots' offensive stats from the first quarter pic.twitter.com/9FjH7P78fE — Kevin Dillon (@ByKevinDillon) December 12, 2017
Belichick doesn't hesitate, sends Ryan Allen out on the field on fourth and 1. Doesn't have much faith in the offense to pick it up — Ben Volin (@BenVolin) December 12, 2017
* to self *
Pillage the Bills' AND Dolphins' rosters for talent in the offseason pic.twitter.com/dLtYUk5GJ7 Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Patriots Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again? — The Ringer (@ringer) December 12, 2017
Is this art? pic.twitter.com/482qIoOcFN — Only In Boston (@OnlyInBOS) December 12, 2017
Patriots can't defend a crossing route to save their lives tonight. — Ryan Hannable (@RyanHannable) December 12, 2017
Coverage was so bad on that play, I can't even tell who screwed up. — Doug Kyed (@DougKyed) December 12, 2017
If u can't pressure the QB they all look great. Cutler is playing like they are at a Thursday practice. No pressure. — Michael Lombardi (@mlombardiNFL) December 12, 2017
Things are so bad that Belichick is looking at the tablet on the sideline for answers. — Andy Hart (@JumboHart) December 12, 2017
This guy is getting their revenge tonight pic.twitter.com/1Y5CgGpe7G — Josh Deering (@J_Deer) December 12, 2017
This is a helluva game plan by the #FinsUp . They are mixing up their tactics vs Patriots empty formations, and they're keeping TB12 off their scent with a variety of pre-snap disguises. Hard to tell when they're blitzing or bluffing.. — Bucky Brooks (@BuckyBrooks) December 12, 2017
CHARLOTTE, Mich./NEW YORK (Reuters) - For years, Bailey Lorencen kept a dark secret - USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar abused them when they were a middle-school gymnast.
Even after reporting them to authorities, the gymnast, now 23 years old, remained hesitant to share their story with the world and was known only as “Victim B” in court documents. The tough questions they endured from Nassar's lawyers at a preliminary hearing, before they pleaded guilty to molestation, only strengthened their reluctance.
But as they watched scores of other victims speaking out at Nassar's sentencing last month, they realized they wanted to add their voice, and their name, to the chorus.
“I was not even going to write a statement, but after seeing other girls do it, I decided I needed to,” they told Reuters on Wednesday in Charlotte, Michigan, where Nassar's victims are testifying at a second sentencing hearing.
“I could see as they walked away from the podium, a weight lifted from their shoulders,” they said.
Lorencen's experience shows how the Nassar case, coming amid an ongoing national debate over sexual misconduct and the “#MeToo” movement, will likely help convince more abuse victims to come forward as their stories are viewed as credible, according to several experts in sexual trauma.
On Jan. 24, Nassar was sentenced to up to 175 years in prison, following an extraordinary hearing in Lansing, Michigan, in which more than 150 Nassar victims delivered emotionally wrenching statements about their actions.
Prosecutors initially told the court that 88 victims would speak, but as the statements began, more and more women came forward.
A similar dynamic appears to be unfolding in Charlotte.
Two of Lorencen's friends from their days as teenage gymnasts, Annie Labrie and Madison Bonofiglio, were among several women who stepped out of the shadow of anonymity on Wednesday to confront Nassar in court.
“I was so certain I didn't want to do it, that it would open old wounds that I didn't want to face,” Labrie, 23, told Reuters on Wednesday shortly after they spoke in court, where they had previously been known only as “Victim C” in documents.
“But I realized it's a little bit rare for women to have a voice in situations like this and for victims to have a voice,” they said.
Labrie said the three friends had never discussed their shared stories of abuse when they were teens, though they said they implied they found Nassar uncomfortable.
“We told each other without really telling each other,” they said.
Former gymnast Annie Labrie is hugged by Asst. Michigan Attorney General Angela M. Povilaitis after Labrie read their victim impact statement during a sentencing hearing for Larry Nassar, a former team USA Gymnastics doctor who pleaded guilty in November 2017 to sexual assault, in the Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Michigan, U.S., January 31, 2018. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
BELIEVING SURVIVORS
Many abuse survivors are wary of speaking out, often because they justifiably fear their accounts will be met with skepticism, victims' advocates say.
“We have this long history of doubting the stories of accusers,” said Deborah Tuerkheimer, a law professor at Northwestern University who recently published a research paper documenting what they call the “credibility discount.”
In the Nassar case, many victims have accused USA Gymnastics and Michigan State University, where Nassar also worked, of sweeping complaints about their behavior under the rug for years.
On Thursday, a local police department in Michigan apologized to one victim for declining to bring charges against Nassar in 2004 after they complained of abuse.
“One of the things that the '#MeToo' movement seems to be doing is changing that credibility calculus,” Tuerkheimer said.
Sexual assault hotlines have already seen an uptick in calls in recent months, after a slew of scandals involving powerful men from Hollywood to Washington, they said.
Jennifer Long, whose non-profit AEquitas advises prosecutors on sexual violence, said they hoped the Nassar case would emphasize the need for law enforcement and the justice system to improve its handling of sexual misconduct allegations.
“This has to be a moment of encouragement, where victims' voices are being heard and these crimes are being pulled from the shadows,” they said.
Often victims first tell family members, whose response can sometimes dictate whether the allegations proceed further, according to experts.
One of Nassar's victims, Kyle Stephens, a family friend of the doctor, told their parents at age 12 that they had abused them In emotional testimony at their hearing, Stephens said they did not believe them and that they believed their father's suicide last year was partly due to their guilt over their skepticism.
It was Stephens' testimony, more than anyone else‘s, that convinced Lorencen they should speak publicly at their sentencing.
“I thought, if they can do this, any of us could do it,” Lorencen said.
The day before their appearance, Lorencen was having breakfast with their father and sister when they turned to them and said: “Let's do it.”
CLAIM
Michelle Bachmann said of those killed in Las Vegas shootings: "I'm not blaming the victims, but it is their fault."
FALSE
RATING
FALSE
ORIGIN
In early October 2017, an image purportedly quoting former U.S. House of Representatives member Michele Bachmann speaking about the victims of the Las Vegas mass shooting began circulating on social media:
The text, superimposed on a photograph of Bachmann, read:
I'M NOT BLAMING THE VICTIMS OF THE LAS VEGAS INCIDENT, BUT IF THEY WERE OBSERVING THE SABBATH LIKE MARCUS AND ME AND AT HOME READING THEIR BIBLES, THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN SAFE. I'M NOT BLAMING THE VICTIMS, BUT IT IS THEIR FAULT MICHELE BACHMANN
FOX AND FRIENDS
OCTOBER 4, 2017.
The statement attributed to Bachmann is an obvious fabrication. Bachmann did not appear in any contemporaneous Fox & Friends clips shared to the Fox News web site, nor did any other news outlets cover what would have been extremely newsworthy and controversial remarks in the wake of the 1 October massacre. Moreover, the image (implicitly of Bachmann's supposed 4 October Fox & Friends appearance) came from an October 2014 segment on the show.
Like many false quotes, this one appears to have been fabricated in order to drum up hatred and suspicion between Americans with ideological differences.
Law society courts Chief Justice over fees hike
Lawyers say businesses are falling apart
Lawyers meet to finalize proposal to the Chief justice
TEFO PHEAGE
Members of the Law Society of Botswana (LSB) have finalized and endorsed a proposal presented by the council on the review of Pro Deo Fees and Party and Party as well as Attorney and Client Scale Tariffs which will be sent to the Chief Justice for determination.
Attorney fees are often hourly, flat-rate or contingent fee but in Botswana lawyers mostly charge hourly. Sources suggest that when lawyers charge a flat-fee rather than billing by the hour, they do not always end up representing the best interest of clients.
According to a communique shared with this publication, the Law Society of Botswana wants fees and tariffs adopted by the special general meeting to be adopted and the Rules of the High Court to be amended to reflect such proposals; and any other related matter.
Specific recommendations were made as follows: Regarding hourly rates, that the following apply as the new tariff on Party and Party scale. Party and Party Costs are those costs which were necessarily incurred in the course of prosecuting or defending a claim. The maxim is that the “losing side” has to pay the “winning side's” legal costs.
Under this rule, the new LSB hourly rates stipulate that a Pupil Attorney with 0-2 years will be entitled to P400, those with 2-5 are entitled to P1 500, those with 5-10 will be entitled to P2 500, 10-15 will earn P3 300 while senior lawyers with over 15 years' experience will be entitled to P4 000.
Attorney Client Scale
These are the costs for which the client is liable to their attorney for services rendered or disbursements incurred on their behalf. They belong to the attorney and not the client. These costs are governed by a private agreement or contract entered into between the attorney and their client at the outset of the mandate. The LSB says guidelines are needed to protect both the consumer and service provider and proposes that: Pupil attorney be entitled to P400, those with 0-2 years be entitled to P1 200, those with 2-5 be entitled to P1 800, those with 5-10 years be entitled to P3 000, 10-15 will earn P4 000 while senior lawyers with over 15 years' experience will be entitled to P5 000.
Pro Deo Fees
This is professional work undertaken voluntarily and without payment. Unlike traditional volunteer-ism, it is service that uses the specific skills of professionals to provide services to those who are unable to afford them.
LSB proposes that the rate be the same as Party and Party scale. Regarding the disbursements, it was proposed that the government rates should apply. The Taxing Master should be given the discretion to add or adjust the tariff in accordance with the annual inflation rate as published in the Government Gazette.
A party represented by a lawyer who wins a case in the Magistrates Court is entitled to recover some of their legal costs. This cost entitlement is called ‘party/party costs'. This is expected to shield the accused persons who have been subjected to an inexperienced lawyer due to minimal monetary benefits of pro deo. In the past, the LSB raised concerns that an increase in the pro deo rates together with timely taxation of Bills of Costs would also go a long way towards ensuring that properly equipped practitioners made themselves available to handle matters.
The LSB Spokesperson Tebogo Moipolai told The Botswana Gazette last week that lawyers have for so many years been running without any hike and that it was high time the fees are reviewed. They added that the proposal has been adopted by LSB with amendments which they explained are not major.
Now owned by barbeque maker Weber, the iGrill family of Bluetooth meat thermometers let you see the temperature inside your meat, via an app or small console.
Weber
It's the season to take your party to the backyard. But that doesn't mean you need to be without your tech.
Some devices worked better than others, as you'll see below, so consider the following a handful of tips to enhance your summer fun in the front or backyard.
A word to the wireless
If you want Wi-Fi in the backyard, you may want to invest in a MESH system, like Dlink's Covr, to broaden the reach of your wireless network.
D-Link Corp/D-Link systems
If you're bringing a Wi-Fi speaker to enjoy music by the pool – such as a Sonos One or Google Home Max – remember your wireless network will have to extend outside.
If your router can't handle it, buy yourself an inexpensive repeater or extender to help broaden the range of your router. They start at about $25.
Or better yet, if you're due for an upgrade, consider a “MESH” Wi-Fi system that often includes two, three or four pucks or hubs (access points) to place around your home. Make sure one is near the door or window closest to where you are outside.
Personally, I've had great success with the D-Link Covr system ($214), which also replaces your router.
Especially now that your neighbors might be able to access your network, be sure to have a good password on it – so they can't steal your Wi-Fi – and for added privacy, don't have your family name as part of your network name (SSID), like “SmithFamily.” My little trick? I call my wireless network “Virus Alert,” so people might be reluctant to join it. Sneaky, huh?
You can always go with a Bluetooth wireless speaker, too, of course. I've been playing around with the impressive Monster Dynamite Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker ($229), which can float on water and has a 12-hour battery (and can charge up your smartphone, too).
Monster's Dynamite speaker isn't just wireless and waterproof, but it's floatable, too.
Monster
Other recommended outdoor tech items include a SunBrite TV (from $1,499) to binge Netflix shows while soaking in a hot tub, the iGrill 2 ($67) Bluetooth-enabled BBQ meat thermometer and the Parrot Flower Power Wireless Plant Sensor ($99).
Lights, power, action
Portable battery packs like these Mophie models are good to have outdoors in the summer.
mophie
To avoid plugging your tech into an AC outlet, which might prove challenging while lying in the sun, make sure you have a good battery pack for your smartphone, such as Mophie Portable Chargers (from $49).
I didn't have much luck with a solar charger I tried – the Goal Zero Nomad 7 Plus Solar Pane ($99) – as it just took way too long to juice up my smartphone. A battery booster is still the right way to go, but try to avoid having your devices in direct sunlight, too, which can impact performance.
The Kindle Oasis waterproof ebook reader is more ideal for outside reading than a glare-causing tablet.
Amazon.com
Speaking of lighting, my wife Kellie and I recently installed Philips HUE light bulbs inside the home and on our backyard deck, and we love being able to use our voice (via Alexa and Google Assistant) or the app to dim the lights, change colors or set schedules and a timer. Prices are $199 for a Philips HUE Starter Kit (four bulbs and a wireless bridge). While they're not technically designed for outside use, they work on our (covered) deck, but Philips will soon release an outdoor line of HUE products, in white or color bulbs (from $129).
E-book readers such as the waterproof Amazon Kindle Oasis (from $249) are recommended over tablets, as they're much easier to read in bright sunshine.
Robots, please
Let a robot cut your grass for you while you sip a cold one in a lawn chair. That's the idea behind the Husqvarna Automower 315x.
Husqvarna AB
We've been using Husqvarna's robotic lawnmower products for a couple of years now.
Yes, just like a Roomba can vacuum your floor indoors, the aptly named Automowers (from $1,499) will quietly cut your grass in a front yard or backyard. You first need to install a ground wire (included) for the lawn mower to follow and avoid areas you don't want it to go into (such as a flower garden), but it will navigate around other objects, such as rocks, garden gnomes or fences.
The weatherproof Husqvarna Automower 315x ($1,999) is also smart enough to detect when it's running low on battery, navigate itself back to the base, charge itself up and then continue the job. You can give commands via keypad, through the app and, coming soon, using your voice (with support for both Amazon Echo and Google Home devices).
Anti-theft technologies include a high-decibel siren and GPS tracking.
Caveat emptor
Being a gadget geek, I was intrigued by the Q18S smartwatch from Wish.com, at only $22 – including shipping!
I mean, at a fraction of the price of an Apple Watch or Android Wear device, it was worth giving this a shot to wear around this summer.
Wearable tech is great for summer, but not this inexpensive Q18S model found online.
JZORI
According to the description, not only does it calculate your activity and show you who's texting and calling, but it has a color touch screen, built-in camera, a slot for a nano SIM card (to use without needing a smartphone) and expandable memory (say, to hold music files).
Alas, the issues started right away. I used my smartphone to scan the QR code in the manual to download the companion app, but once installed, a number of Alibaba pop-up ads kept showing up on my phone. Sigh. The camera only takes photos upside down, strangely, and both of the valid SIM cards I own didn't work.
Well, that was that. I guess you get what you pay for.
Follow Marc on Twitter: @marc_saltzman. Email them at tech@marcsaltzman.com
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Reports: Real Madrid and Chelsea agree £65 million transfer
Bayern Munich and Manchester United were also keen on signing him!
@falsewinger by Sripad Rumours 15 Jun 2017, 11:17 IST
WIN-WIN situation
What's the story?
James Rodriguez' future is still undecided and with the Colombian on International duty, it's going to take longer. Real Madrid are keen on closing the transfer as they want to start concentrating on their targets.
AS are now reporting that Los Blancos are considering Chelsea's £65 million offer for the forward and are willing to let them join them. The Blues' are now waiting for the player to accept personal terms.
In case you didn't know...
Chelsea tried to sign James Rodriguez in January as well. Antonio Conte was keen on spending the £60 million they got from Oscar's sale to China.
Real Madrid were not willing to let go of them as they had a transfer ban that time. They could not sign a replacement that window and with the club chasing the league title, they did not want to weaken the squad.
Despite being at Madrid the whole season, they played just 1498 minutes! However, they scored 11 goals and assisted eight when they got the chance. They ended the season with 2 titles - La Liga and Champions League - but wants to leave to secure more match time.
The heart of the matter
Real Madrid are ready to let go ofJames Rodriguez in the summer and are considering offers. Bayern Munich, Chelsea and Manchester United were the top clubs interested in signing the Colombian while Juventus were also keeping an eye on him.
Reports suggest that Chelsea had three bids - £50 million, £57 million and £60 million - rejected for them before the Spanish giants finally agreed for £65 million. Los Blancos were holding out for £70 million but no clubs were interested in matching it.
Bayern Munich agreed personal terms with James but the German club were not ready to pay the fee Real Madrid were demanding. Thus the deal collapsed and Chelsea swooped in.
Eden Hazard's injury gave the talks an extra boost as Chelsea knew they had to sign a winger at any cost. The Belgian is set to miss the start of next season due to a fractured ankle.
What's next?
James Rodriguez will hold talks with Chelsea in the coming days. Should they agree a deal, they will sign for them and be officially unveiled by the club next month.
Chelsea are also pursuing other targets and are keen on sealing all the transfers before the season kicks off. The Blues' have a tough start to their title-defending season.
Author's Take
James Rodriguez would be a brilliant signing for Chelsea. Even for the player, it would be a great move as they would get to play regularly on the left wing till Hazard's back and then move on the right wing to replace Willian or Pedro.
Tammy Williams
FORT COLLINS, Colo., (July 3, 2018) –The Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests is enacting Stage 2 Fire Restrictions on National Forest System lands on the all of Sulphur Ranger District and portions of the Clear Creek Ranger District within Grand, Clear Creek, Park and Jefferson counties. These restrictions are in addition to the Stage 1 Fire Restrictions on the Boulder, Canyon Lakes and Clear Creek ranger districts in Boulder, Gilpin and Larimer counties.
The Forest Service works closely with counties, monitors conditions as they change and continually evaluates with cooperators the need for restrictions. Fire restrictions further limit where and what type of activities and fires visitors may have and remain in effect until rescinded.
Within the Stage 2 Fire Restriction area on National Forest on the Clear Creek and Sulphur ranger districts within Grand, Clear Creek, Park and Jefferson counties forest visitors may not:
· Build, maintain, attend or use a fire, campfire, or stove fire. This includes charcoal grills and barbecues, coal and wood burning stoves and sheepherder's stoves and includes their use in developed camping and picnic grounds except devices using pressurized liquid or gas (stoves, grills or lanterns) which include shut-off valves are permitted when used in an area at least three feet or more from flammable material such as grasses or pine needles.
· Smoke, except within an enclosed vehicle, trailer or building.
· Weld or operate an acetylene or other torch with open flame.
· Operate or use any internal combustion engine (e.g. chainsaw, generator, ATV) without a spark arresting device properly installed, maintained and in effective working order. (See order for specific details).
· Operate a chainsaw without an approved spark arresting device as described above, a chemical pressurized fire extinguisher (8 oz. capacity by weight or larger and kept with the operator) and a round point shovel with an overall length of at least 35 inches readily available for use.
· Use explosives.
· Possess or use a motor vehicle off established roads, motorized trails or established parking areas, except when parking in an area devoid of vegetation within 10 feet of the vehicle.
Within the Stage 1 fire restriction area on National Forest on the Boulder, Canyon Lakes, ranger districts within Boulder, Grand, Gilpin and Larimer counties forest visitors may not:
· Build or maintain a fire or use charcoal, coal, or wood stoves, except in permanent fire pits or fire grates within a developed recreation site (e.g., campgrounds where fees are charged).
· Smoke, except in an enclosed vehicle or building, a developed recreation site, or while in an area at least three feet in diameter cleared of all flammable materials.
· Use any internal or external combustion engine (including chainsaws) without a spark arresting device properly working and a chemical pressurized fire extinguisher and a round point shovel.
· Weld or operate acetylene or other torch with open flame except in cleared areas of at least 10 feet in diameter and in possession of a chemical pressurized fire extinguisher.
· Use explosives.
Additionally the Stage 1 and 2 fire restrictions for National Forest on the Boulder, Canyon Lakes and Clear Creek ranger districts within Boulder, Clear Creek, Gilpin, Park and Jefferson counties prohibit the:
· Discharge of a firearm unless in possession of a valid Colorado hunting license and lawfully involved in hunting and harvesting game.
Violation of Stage 1 fire restrictions could result in a maximum fine of $5,000 for an individual or $10,000 for an organization, or imprisonment for more than six months, or both. If responsible for causing a wildfire, one could be held accountable for suppression costs of that fire.
To view the fire restriction orders and maps, go to www.fs.usda.gov/arp. They will be listed in the “Alerts and Notices” box on the right. Please note that many counties are also under fire restrictions; information is available at www.coemergency.com/p/fire- bans-danger.html.
As July 4, approaches we also want to remind visitors that fireworks, exploding targets or tracer bullets are never allowed on National Forest System lands. We need everyone to be careful as they enjoy the National Forest.
Editor's Note: Individual orders are listed on our Fire Restrictions Page.
Rafael Nadal, of Spain, returns the ball to Dudi Sela, of Israel, during their men's singles match, on the second day of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships in London, Tuesday July 3, 2018. Ben Curtis AP Photo
In real life, people don't talk in whispers, a technique that makes everything sound serious. Try it yourself: "Make it a double double.”
Video script:
We now have a Canadian entry in the silliest acting style of our time: whisper mode. You can see it on the cop show Cardinal, set some place like Sudbury.
This isn't how anyone actually speaks. If somebody talked that way in real life, people would say, “Speak Up!” Or, “You sound weird, man.” It may have started with Batman.
It's supposed to be gritty and real but it just sounds pretentious, since no one ever talks this way, as Tiny Fey pointed out on 30 Rock.
Canadian actor Eric Peterson — he's Oscar on Corner Gas — says everything sounds serious when you whisper it. You can try it with: “Make it a double double.” The problem is, when everything is serious, then nothing is. It's about showing how intense and meaningful your words are without investing them with intensity or meaning. Actors like Peterson or Benedict Cumberbatch don't need it and don't do it.
Uber Suspends Self-Driving Tests After Pedestrian Is Killed In Arizona
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jeff Swensen/Getty Images Jeff Swensen/Getty Images
Updated at 2:14 p.m. ET
A self-driving car operated by Uber struck and killed a pedestrian in Tempe, Ariz., Sunday night. The incident could be the first pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle.
The car was in autonomous mode but had a human riding along to take control of the vehicle if necessary, according to the Tempe Police Department. The victim, 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg, was struck while walking outside a crosswalk, police said. They were immediately transported to a local hospital, where they died.
Uber has suspended all autonomous vehicle operations in Pittsburgh, Tempe, San Francisco and Toronto in response to the crash.
In a statement provided to NPR, Uber said, "Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi referenced the "incredibly sad news out of Arizona" in a tweet and reaffirmed that the company will cooperate with local law enforcement.
The National Transportation Safety Board said it was sending a team to investigate the incident.
The incident is not the first fatal crash involving autonomous technology. In May 2016 a Tesla Model S struck a tractor-trailer on a Florida highway, killing the Tesla's driver. Government investigators highlighted an "overreliance on vehicle automation" as a contributor to the crash.
× Police looking for help to locate Du Quoin man
DU QUOIN, IL – The Illinois State Police are asking for the publics' help to locate a missing Du Quoin man. Police say Daniel Shaw was last seen in the area of Rodgers Park near Pratt Beach in Chicago Illinois on July 14th of this year. Shaw is a white male 5 foot 8 inches tall, 150 pounds, with brown hair and green eyes. They have several tattoos, with a tattoo of an eye on the back of their left hand.
If you have seen Daniel Shaw, please call the Illinois State Police at 618-542-1137 or 847-294-4400.
* SSEC -0.4 pct, CSI300 -0.2 pct, HSI 0.0 pct
* HK->Shanghai Connect daily quota used -6.2 pct, Shanghai->HK daily quota used 15 pct
* FTSE China A50 -0.4 pct, BNY Mellon ADR China Select Index -1.7 pct
SHANGHAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - China stocks extended losses on Friday as investors booked profits after recent sharp gains, with the Shanghai benchmark index and the start-up board poised for their worst weekly losses in nearly two years. ** Investors continued to dump small-caps after firms including Leshi flagged startling losses for 2017. Sentiment was further dampened as a slew of companies suspended trading in an apparent effort to avoid margin calls. ** Meanwhile, major shareholders of a growing list of companies have announced plans to buy shares in their firms, stirring memories of the 2015 stock market crash that sent shockwaves across global financial markets. ** At 04:03 GMT, the Shanghai Composite index was down 14.16 points or 0.4 percent at 3,432.82. It was on track for a weekly loss of 3.5 percent. ** China's blue-chip CSI300 index was down 0.2 percent, with the financial sector sub-index lower by 0.42 percent, the consumer staples sector down 1.76 percent, the real estate index up 0.67 percent and healthcare sub-index up 0.19 percent. The CSI300 has shed 3.2 percent this week. ** The smaller Shenzhen index was down 0.43 percent and the start-up board ChiNext Composite index was higher by 0.71 percent. Still, ChiNext looked set for a near 6 percent slump for the week. ** Chinese H-shares listed in Hong Kong rose 0.5 percent at 13,498.27, while the Hang Seng Index was down 0.01 percent at 32,640.12.
** Around the region, MSCI's Asia ex-Japan stock index slid 0.4 percent and Japan's Nikkei index 1.3 percent. ** The yuan was quoted at 6.2821 per U.S. dollar, 0.23 percent firmer than the previous close of 6.2965. ** The largest percentage gainers in the main Shanghai Composite index were SJEC Corp up 9.99 percent, followed by Anhui Leimingkehua Co Ltd gaining 8.48 percent and ShanXi Coking Co Ltd up by 8.19 percent. ** The largest percentage losses in the Shanghai index were Guizhou Chitianhua Co Ltd down 10.03 percent, followed by Routon Electronic Co Ltd losing 10.01 percent and Shandong Jintai Group Co Ltd down by 10.01 percent. ** Through Thursday's close, the Shanghai stock index was up 4.23 percent so far this year, while China's H-share index was up 14.7 percent. Shanghai stocks have declined nearly 1.4 percent this month. ** The top gainers among H-shares were People's Insurance Group of China Co Ltd up 5 percent, followed by Guangzhou Automobile Group Co Ltd gaining 3.18 percent and Air China Ltd up by 3.01 percent. ** The three biggest H-shares percentage decliners were Dongfeng Motor Group Co Ltd which has fallen 1.20 percent, China Minsheng Banking Corp Ltd which has lost 0.8 percent and Great Wall Motor Co Ltd down by 0.6 percent. ** About 11.44 billion shares have traded so far on the Shanghai exchange, roughly 56.3 percent of the market's 30-day moving average of 20.31 billion shares a day. The volume traded was 26.05 billion as of the last full trading day. ** As of 04:03 GMT, China's A-shares were trading at a premium of 29.96 percent over the Hong Kong-listed H-shares. ** The Shanghai stock index is above its 50-day moving average and above its 200-day moving average. ** The price-to-earnings ratio of the Shanghai index was 15.85 as of the last full trading day while the dividend yield was 1.8 percent. ** So far this week, the market capitalisation of the Shanghai stock index has fallen by -2.65 percent to 30.48 trillion yuan. ** In Hong Kong, the sub-index of the Hang Seng index tracking energy shares rose 2.7 percent while the IT sector fell 0.1 percent. The top gainer on Hang Seng was AAC Technologies Holdings Inc up 7 percent, while the biggest loser was China Merchants Port Holdings Co Ltd which was down 5.00 percent.
ISLAMABAD, Jun 14 (APP): Minister of State for Capital
Administration and Development Division (CADD), Dr Tariq Fazal
Chaudhry Wednesday said the Sharif family was cooperating with
joint investigation team on Panama Papers issue.
The prime minister had written a letter to the apex
court to form a commission on Panama Papers and clearly stated
to appear before the court whenever it summoned for investigation,
they said while talking to a private news channel.
The minister said the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N)
government has registered its reservations on JIT in the Supreme
Court.
The minister said the PML-N workers while expressing
solidarity with PM wanted to gather on the occasion of JIT but
they were asked to stay away from that place.
Jan 30 (Reuters) - Sequential Brands Group Inc:
* SEQUENTIAL BRANDS GROUP INC - MARTHA STEWART TO APPEAR IN NEW JACK IN BOX AD IN SUPER BOWL Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
“If the University of Michigan does not allow Richard Spencer to speak, we will surely be sued and we will lose and would make Spencer more of a hero in their community,” UM President Schlissel told the Detroit Economic Club. (Photo: Clarence Tabb Jr. / Detroit News)
Detroit — As talks continue between the University of Michigan and Richard Spencer over their request to appear on campus, the school's president said Monday that UM has to let the white supremacist leader speak.
“If the University of Michigan does not allow Richard Spencer to speak, we will surely be sued and we will lose and (that) would make Spencer more of a hero in their community,” UM President Schlissel told the Detroit Economic Club.
“If we were to say no, we'd be sued and we would surely lose ... and what we would do is turn this person into more of a hero in their own community,” they said. “We'd lift them up.”
A representative for Spencer asked UM in October to let them speak on campus, and the university is in negotiations to set a time and a place. Last week, a representative of the white supremacist leader threatened to sue UM if a date was not set by Jan. 15. Officials offered a few dates last month and this month, but they did not work for Spencer.
Meanwhile, students have been protesting the school's effort to accommodate Spencer, saying that someone like them should not be given a platform to promote their beliefs because they clash with the university's values. They also said the university should dare Spencer to sue.
But Schlissel said the university does not have a choice, because it cannot knowingly violate the law.
“Our strength as a nation is we have an outstanding Constitution and a Bill of Rights to rely on in times of crisis but also every day, to guide us and express our shared values,” Schlissel said. “The Constitution is incredibly important, maybe more so now than some other recent decades.”
The biggest concern, Schlissel and other UM officials have said, is campus safety, because often protesters and counterprotesters show up at speeches by controversial figures, leading to violence, Schlissel said.
They called it a teachable moment for UM students, along with the community.
“What's more important now to our nation and our current moment than the First Amendment and the five protections of the First Amendment?” Schlissel said. “It's not just free speech, it's the freedom to convene, to assemble, it's the freedom of religion, it's the freedom of press, it's the freedom to petition your government.
“Not many government officials say, ‘Lock those reporters up in a cage. They're putting out fake news, they're against our values.'” Schlissel said. “We cannot be on the wrong side of the First Amendment.”
“So we'll protect the safety of our students and our community,” Schlissel said. “If we can't do a safe event, we won't do it.”
Spencer also recently requested space on Michigan State University's campus and sued the university after officials would not make a space available. A mediator is working to settle the dispute.
The challenge on campus, Schlissel said, is working with students to think through this very difficult circumstance.
“I have no interest in hearing what this man has to say,” Schlissel said after their speech. “I find their comments vile and annoying and insulting. I can understand why students could be quite upset. But don't go to their talk.
“Allowing people that opportunity without regard to content is essential to protect the rights, usually, of marginalized people,” Schlissel continued. “Usually people who are on the outs in society have to step up and demand their rights and we don't want to weaken those rights.”
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2BeqSXN
Content Disclaimer
The information, advice and answers displayed in this section of KHON2.com are those of individual sponsors and not KHON-TV/Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. KHON2.com presents this content on behalf of each participating sponsor. Sponsored content is copyrighted to its respective sponsor unless otherwise indicated.
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. — Jason Vargas wants to make their regular-season debut with the New York Mets as soon as possible — even if it takes more than a month past opening day.
The lefty could miss up to six weeks after they have surgery Tuesday for a broken right hand, an injury incurred last week when they were hit by a line drive during a minor league game.
Vargas met with a hand specialist over the weekend to talk about the test results. They then opted to have the operation.
"I don't know if I was surprised," Vargas said. "It kind of reinforced what some of the CT scans and how they were read the first time. Getting the word from the specialist is kind of the defining fact on what needed to be done. This is the fastest way to get better."
Vargas threw a bullpen session Monday morning, but it wasn't without difficulty.
The 2017 All-Star had to loosen the laces on their glove to get their right hand inside the mitt, then tightened the laces to keep their pitching balance the same. And they didn't take a return throw from their catcher.
"It's all going to depend on how things go post-op, but the word is I should get back to throwing in about five days after surgery. It's definitely a positive that I won't have to be shut down and have to rebuild a throwing program," Vargas said.
"Hopefully we don't lose too much because of how fast we're able to get back into throwing," they said.
The 35-year-old Vargas tied for the major league lead with 18 wins last season for Kansas City. They joined the Mets last month, signing a two-year contract for $16 million with an option for a third year.
Mets general manager Sandy Alderson said at the time they had their eye on Vargas from the start of free agency, saying they liked the durability the pitcher displayed by working nearly 180 innings in 32 starts last year in their first full season back from Tommy John surgery in 2015.
CLEVELAND — Indians slugger Edwin Encarnacion sustained a potentially serious right ankle injury in the first inning of Game 2 of the AL Division Series against the New York Yankees.
Encarnacion was scrambling to get back to second base when they jammed their foot into the bag and rolled their ankle Friday. They dropped to the ground in obvious pain and writhed in the infield dirt while waiting for medical personnel.
Encarnacion, who was doubled up on the play, was unable to put much weight on their leg and had to be helped off the field. They had to pause on the trip to the dugout because they were hurting so much.
The Indians said Encarnacion has a sprained ankle and is undergoing further evaluation. Cleveland led the ALDS 1-0.
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The United States' top diplomat landed in Mexico on Thursday with debate swirling over the government's efforts to win favour with Washington and save the NAFTA pact from collapse, sparking concerns it is ceding sovereignty to its northern neighbour.
Mexico has been at pains to prove itself a good ally to the United States on combating drug trafficking and immigration, in hopes this would help efforts to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement on as favourable terms as possible.
Those secret efforts sprang into view this week, when Reuters exclusively reported that Mexico is considering allowing U.S. air marshals aboard commercial cross-border flights, igniting a debate over what lengths Mexico should go to in order to win favour with its top trade partner.
“The question is, what else is (Foreign Minister Luis) Videgaray giving to Trump and their collaborators in exchange for preserving NAFTA?” Salvador Garcia Soto asked in their El Universal newspaper column, decrying Videgaray's “opaque” manoeuvring.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson landed in Mexico City on Thursday afternoon and was due to have dinner with Videgaray and other senior Mexican government and national security officials at U.S. Ambassador Roberta Jacobson's residence.
Although Tillerson has not been a prominent player in the NAFTA discussions, the future of the treaty is certain to loom over their visit, especially at a trilateral meeting with Canada's Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland on Friday.
Mexico's government, and particularly the foreign ministry, has pushed hard to defend NAFTA, a lynchpin of its export-led economy, ahead of a July 2018 election in which the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party is currently polling third.
“All our efforts right now are based around NAFTA and making sure the pact doesn't collapse,” said a senior Mexican diplomat.
Videgaray has said closer cooperation with the United States is the best way to achieve Mexico's foreign policy aims.
“Obviously that would be something that we strongly want to avoid,” Videgaray said at an event in New York late last year, reffering to NAFTA collapsing. “We realize that we could achieve much more by being constructive and by approaching the relationship looking for common ground ... with very active cooperation.”
Quizzed by ruling party lawmakers on Tuesday, Videgaray denied the air marshals were part of any NAFTA quid pro quo, but said the government was studying the plan.
CLOSER TIES
Tillerson's Mexico City visit is the first leg in a week-long Latin America trip in which they hope to keep up pressure on Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over their restrictions on domestic political opposition.
Earlier on Thursday, in a speech at their alma mater University of Texas at Austin, Tillerson raised the prospect that the Venezuelan military could decide to oust President Nicolas Maduro but said they did not know whether that would happen.
Tillerson insisted the Trump administration was not advocating “regime change” in Venezuela but said it would be “easiest” if Maduro chose to leave power on their own.
In their most important regional policy statement since their appointment, Tillerson also warned Latin American countries against excessive reliance on economic ties with China, while sounding alarm over Russia's growing presence.
Tillerson is due to meet with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, and Videgaray for a second time, on Friday, and they are certain to discuss Central American migration and drug trafficking, two areas in which Mexico has sought to work more closely with the United States since U.S. President Donald Trump took office.
Videgaray, who flew to Washington earlier this week ahead of Tillerson's arrival, is Pena Nieto's most trusted adviser, and has forged close ties with Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who serves as a senior advisor to the president.
The influential foreign minister has stepped to the fore of regional Latin American efforts to condemn Maduro's government and has also proved a good friend to the Trump administration on sensitive foreign policy issues including North Korea, Israel and Honduras.
Former Mexican diplomat and intelligence official Gustavo Mohar said it would be foolish to assume such efforts could yield a positive NAFTA result.
“The priority of Mexico's foreign policy in the short-term has been to reach an agreement with the Trump government on trade,” they said. “But that doesn't guarantee you anything, because this guy (Trump) is very unpredictable.”
A joint venture with a history of producing on-time and on-budget for important engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) projects has been picked to develop an ethylene terminal facility in the United States. Black & Veatch and JV partner PCL Industrial Construction Co. – together known as BPC – were picked by Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and Navigator Holdings Ltd. to provide full EPC services for their new ethylene export facility on the Texas Gulf Coast.
Ethylene, a byproduct of natural gas processing, is important to the production of plastic and other chemicals. Located on the Houston Ship Channel at Enterprise's Morgan's Point location, the ethylene terminal will have a capacity to export approximately 2.2 billion pounds of ethylene per year. Commercial operations are expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2019.
“Our clients sought an EPC solution that would allow them to fulfill increasing calls for ethylene export with an aggressive execution schedule and performance guarantees,” said Gary Martin, Regional General Manager for Black & Veatch's Oil & Gas business. “Black & Veatch, together with PCL Construction, has an established track record of delivering safely, on-time and on-budget, even with accelerated production timelines.”
“BPC has had an eight-year history of pursuing and successfully completing very challenging projects in the power market,” said Kent Free, Senior Director at PCL Industrial Construction Co. “We are very proud to expand our solution provider culture into the oil, gas and petrochemical arena.”
The Morgan's Point project continues the Black & Veatch/PCL joint-venture work under the BPC banner. This will be the third award for the joint venture. The JV has performed over 4,500,000 workhours to date with zero lost-time incidents.
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
BBL 2016/17 - Top 5 moments from the Hobart Hurricanes-Adelaide Strikers clash
Christian's unbelievable spell, Pollard's terrible form, Short stands tall and much more.
by Ram Kumar Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 18:08 IST
Daniel Christian's menacing spell took the wind out of Adelaide's sails
With two vital points up for grabs as well as the chance to climb up the Big Bash table, Adelaide Strikers stepped into Hobart to take on the Hurricanes. Things were going well for the visitors as a fiery start promised a substantial total. However, they kept losing wickets in clusters and could only limp to a paltry score.
Requiring a shade over 7 runs per over, the Hurricanes preferred to establish a solid base before going after the bowling attack. Notwithstanding a couple of quick wickets in the latter part of their chase, the hosts cruised to the target quite comfortably to enter the top half of the points table.
Brief Scores: Adelaide Strikers – 143 all out from 20 overs (Brad Hodge 55, Ben Dunk 31, Daniel Christian 5/14, Stuart Broad 1/17); Hobart Hurricanes – 144/2 from 17.4 overs (D'Arcy Short 60, Tim Paine 41, Kumar Sangakkara 22*, Billy Stanlake 1/17)
Result – Hobart Hurricanes won by 8 wickets with 14 balls remaining
#5 Ben Dunk lives and dies by the sword
Dunk flayed hard at the Hobart bowlers before perishing eventually
Just as the trade window for this Big Bash season closed, Ben Dunk found themselves being transferred from Hobart Hurricanes to Adelaide Strikers in exchange for a young seamer in Hamish Kingston. When confronted with an ideal opportunity, they chose to remind their former employers what they could miss during this season.
After biding their time during the first three overs, the 29-year old cut loose and began to carve away at the Hobart bowlers. Simon Milenko was at the receiving end of Dunk's hammering which saw two sixes and two fours within five deliveries. However, the bowler had the last laugh as the wicket-keeper batsman took the wrong route to a precise yorker.
Man Facing Assault & Battery Charges After Allegedly Pushing Protestors
February 14, 2017
A man who “forcefully” pushed some protestors outside of a local member of congress's office is facing criminal charges.
Another protest was held Monday afternoon in front of Congressman Mike Bishop's Brighton office on Grand River. Acting Brighton Police Chief Rob Bradford says the group was protesting peacefully when an older, retired male walked downstairs and forcefully pushed some protesters out of the way. The man was apparently not happy about the protestors being on the sidewalk and pushed them. No injuries resulted, just lengthy paperwork. Bradford tells WHMI there have been no problems with the group, which has contacted the department prior to all protests being held. They say reports have been completed and 12 counts of assault and battery referred to the Livingston County Prosecutor's Office for review.
Constituents have been protesting outside of Bishop's office to oppose what they say is their “continued refusal to respond to concerns about their support for several pieces of the dangerous Trump agenda, including a repeal of the Affordable Care Act and the executive order banning Muslim immigration from seven nations.”
Congressman Bishop's Spokesperson Kelli Ford says "Congressman Bishop respects the right of all citizens to peacefully protest without the threat of violence." Photo: Fox 47.(JM)
ISLAMABAD — Opening batsman Nasir Jamshed became the third player to be suspended by the Pakistan cricket Board on Monday in its investigation into corruption in the Pakistan Super League.
Jamshed is not part of any of the five franchises in the PSL, and the board didn't clarify their involvement in the scandal.
Jamshed was suspended for violating the board's anti-corruption code, it said in a brief statement. They have represented Pakistan in two Tests, 48 one-day internationals, and 18 Twenty20s. But the left-hander has not played an international since the 2015 cricket World Cup.
Last week, Islamabad United's Khalid Latif and Sharjeel Khan were suspended by the PCB for breaching the anti-corruption code and returned home from the United Arab Emirates, where the league is being played.
Sharjeel and Latif will face a hearing soon, PCB chairperson Shahryar Khan said on Monday. Shaharyar said another Islamabad United player, Mohammad Irfan, was also being investigated, and they will be served with a notice “in a day or two.”
The PCB has also questioned Zulfiqar Babar of Quetta Gladiators and Shazaib Hassan of Karachi Kings.
However, Irfan, Babar, and Hassan are free to compete in the meantime.
****
British police arrest 2 men in cricket spot-fixing case
British police said in London that two men have been arrested in connection with bribery offenses linked to spot-fixing in international cricket. The National Crime Agency said it is working on the investigation with the anti-corruption units at the Pakistan cricket Board and International cricket Council. The two men, who are both in their thirties, were arrested on Monday and have been released on police bail until April.
****
England's Willey out of West Indies tour
England all-rounder David Willey has been ruled out of the forthcoming one-day tour of the West Indies following surgery on a shoulder injury, it was announced Tuesday. The 26-year-old could only manage two overs during England's one-day international win over India in Kolkata last month before a problem with their left shoulder saw them leave the field and forced them out of the subsequent Twenty20 series.
A left-arm fast-medium bowler and hard-hitting batsman, Willey — the son of former England batsman and international umpire Peter Willey — has appeared in 25 ODIs and 12 Twenty20 internationals. Their place in England's 14-man squad for next month's three ODIs in the Caribbean has been taken by Middlesex fast bowler Steven Finn.
Willey is now set to be sidelined until the start if the English domestic season in April, with an England and Wales cricket Board (ECB) statement issued Tuesday saying: “The Yorkshire all-rounder had surgery on their left shoulder on Friday to further assess the injury they sustained whilst bowling in the third ODI against India last month.” Finn, who last played international white-ball cricket back in September 2015, will now curtail their involvement in the Pakistan Super League to join the England squad.
England, who will be captained by Eoin Morgan, a longstanding team-mate of Finn at Middlesex, are due to fly to the Caribbean a week on Wednesday, with star batsman Joe Root appointed Test skipper since the squad was first announced.
****
Australia's Voges ends Test career
Australia's Adam Voges has retired from international cricket, signing off with a Test batting average second only to the great Don Bradman.
Voges became the oldest player to score a century on their Test debut when they made an unbeaten 130 against West Indies two years ago, aged 35. The right-handed batsman scored 1,485 runs at an average of 61.87, ranking them second on the all-time list behind Bradman's incredible 99.94.
Voges lost their place in the Test team after the second of two defeats to South Africa in November and was treated for concussion after being hit by a bouncer when batting for Western Australia in a Sheffield Shield match the same month.
Voges, 37, will lead the Prime Minister's XI against the touring Sri Lankan team in Canberra on Wednesday and has said it will be their last match against an international side. “This will be it for me,” Voges told reporters in Sydney.
“I'm certainly looking forward to getting out there and playing this game. I've had an amazing couple of years with Australia with the Test team and I've loved every minute of it.”
****
S. Africa ODI moved after Napier washout
New Zealand cricket (NZC) on Tuesday shifted next month's fourth one-dayer between the Black Caps and South Africa to Hamilton due to inadequate drainage at the original venue in Napier. An ODI between Australia and New Zealand at McLean Park was abandoned because of a sodden outfield this month and NZC said the risk of another washout was too great.
As a result the fourth ODI between New Zealand and the Proteas on Wednesday, March 1, would now be played at Hamilton's Seddon Park. The washout against Australia was the third time in four years that inclement weather forced a one-day international to be cancelled at McLean Park without a ball being bowled.
NZC said urgent remedial work was needed to prepare the ground for ODIs involving England and Pakistan next season. The Proteas arrived in New Zealand this week and play a one-off Twenty20 international against the Black Caps on Friday, followed by five ODIs and three Tests.
THE DAILY CALLER – JACOB BOJESSON
Denmark is preparing a ban on full-face coverings such as the niqab and the burqa after a majority of parliament backed a law change Friday.
A majority of lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have announced their intention to vote in favor of what local media calls a “Burqa ban.” France, Belgium, the Netherlands and Austria have all imposed similar restrictions in recent years with politicians citing oppression of women as one of the main reasons.
“Oppression of women is extremely illiberal,” Jan E. Jørgensen of the Danish Left party told public broadcaster DR. “On the other hand, it's also extremely illiberal to tell people what they can and can't wear.”
Jakob Ellemann-Jensen of Denmark's center-right government said the ban was not particularly aimed at religions clothing.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There is surely no way back after another deafening, devastating Mo Salah night at Anfield.
Salah was the hero, the genius carrying Liverpool towards more European glory after their remarkable virtuoso display put them within touching distance of the final.
And yet amid the mayhem and noise, Salah was the only one in the place not celebrating as their teammates mobbed them and the roof came off the place.
There can be no greater arena than Anfield on a European night and the all conquering hero is simply unstoppable as their brace takes them to 43 goals in 47 games in all competitions this season.
Salah refused to celebrate against their former club while Roma must rue the day they let them go because their £35m move to Liverpool last summer now looks the bargain of the century.
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
(Image: PA)
Roma's two late goals at least gives the Italians some hope and Liverpool a degree of doubt but it is also impossible to imagine Salah not scoring in the second leg next week.
On this sort of form, Salah can carry their team single-handedly as not only did they score twice but they also provided two assists and it was only after they were substituted that Liverpool took their foot off the gas.
But Liverpool have a wonderful sense of destiny, they believe football's hand of fate will carry them to a sixth European Cup.
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
You could sense the expectation inside Anfield, the buzz and the noise as the goals went in because Klopp's men believe this is their time.
But above everything else, they also have the best player in Europe right now with Salah because their goals, pace and individual brilliance destroys opponents.
When Liverpool were struggling to make a breakthrough, up stepped Salah to rise to the occasion and prove that they are a big game player who belongs on the biggest stage.
It was an incredible night because, just when you thought it could not get any louder than against Manchester City in the last round, it was another occasion to savour.
(Image: PA)
Roma survived the early furore and began to look in control. Aleksandar Kolarov crashed a 30-yard shot against the crossbar and, when Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was stretchered off, Klopp's men looked in danger.
But it was then that Klopp turned to the crowd, fist pumped to show them they wanted more noise - and they responded by turning the volume up to the maximum.
Liverpool also produced Klopp's rock and roll football, Sadio Mane missed two chances and got the ball in the net only for it to be flagged offside.
(Image: REUTERS)
But then up stepped Salah as they absolutely destroyed Roma's left sided centre half Juan Jesus, turned their former teammate into a nervous wreck and ripped Roma apart.
It started in the 35th minute, Liverpool's energy and pressing won the ball in midfield and Mane and Roberto Firmino combined to get the ball to Salah who, with inch perfect precision, curled a wonderful shot into the top corner.
Salah got their second after 45 minutes after latching onto Firmino's return pass and went clean through before lifting the ball over Roma keeper Alisson and into the empty net. Just like the first, Salah did not celebrate and instead just looked to the heavens.
(Image: REUTERS)
Not satisfied with being goalscorer, Salah turned provider in the 55th minute as they raced down the right, put over a low cross and Mane had the easy task of a tap-in at the back post. Salah did it again after 61 minutes, this time their cross set up Firmino.
Liverpool made it five after 68 minutes when James Milner's corner found Firmino and the Brazil forward headed powerfully home.
Salah was substituted after 75 minutes, they went off to a standing ovation and their job was seemingly done. But it actually led to Liverpool taking their foot off the gas and Roma then staged a late rally.
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
Edin Dzeko got one back for Roma after 81 minutes after Dejan Lovren misjudged Radja Nainggolan's high ball. The visitors got a second from the penalty spot after 86 minutes after Milner was harshly judged to have handled it. Up stepped Diego Perotti to fire home.
Roma came back from 4-1 down to beat Barcelona in the last round but surely miracles do not happen twice. Not when Liverpool have their own miracle man in Salah.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 12:18 pm |
BERLIN (AP) - Police say a drunken American man was punched by a passerby as they gave the stiff-armed Nazi salute multiple times in downtown Dresden.
Dresden police said on Sunday that the 41-year-old, whose name and hometown weren't given for privacy reasons, suffered minor injuries in the 8:15 a.m. Saturday assault.
Police say the American, who is under investigation for violating Germany's laws against the display of Nazi symbols or slogans, had an extremely high blood alcohol level. Their assailant fled the scene, and is being sought for causing bodily harm.
It's the second time this month that tourists have gotten themselves into legal trouble for giving the Nazi salute.
On August 5, two Chinese tourists were caught taking photos of themselves making the gesture in front of Berlin's Reichstag building.
FILE PHOTO - Facebook logo is seen at a start-up companies gathering at Paris' Station F in Paris, France on January 17, 2017.
(Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O), whose social media platform is blocked in China, authorized a local company to launch a photo-sharing application in the country in May, the New York Times reported, citing a person with knowledge of the company's plans.
The app, called Colorful Balloons, is similar to Facebook's Moments application in function and feel, but does not carry the Facebook name, the Times said on Friday. (nyti.ms/2wBedsB)
The app was released in China by a company called Youge Internet Technology and without any hint that Facebook is affiliated with the company, the Times said, citing a post in Apple's app store.
"We have long said that we are interested in China, and are spending time understanding and learning more about the country in different ways," a Facebook spokesperson said by email.
"Our focus right now is on helping Chinese businesses and developers expand to new markets outside China by using our ad platform."
It was unclear if China's various internet regulators were aware of the app's existence, the Times said.
Western social media websites like Facebook and Twitter (TWTR.N) are blocked by China's censors, which has helped drive up the popularity of home-grown messaging app WeChat, owned by Tencent (0700.HK) and microblogging service Weibo (WB.O).
Zuckerberg in February all but ruled out an expansion in the world's most populous country, saying there would be "no news at all in the near term."
After a long wait, fans of the mature animated comedy Rick and Morty have been graced with a trailer for the upcoming season 3. Not only that, but Dan Harmon, one of the show's brilliant co-creators, has been speaking about the impending third volume of Rick and Morty's adventures quite a lot lately, reports Den of Geek! When taken together, the two and a half minute-long trailer and Harmon's comments reveal some plot points, important tidbits about the behind-the-scenes process, and even a possible release date for Rick and Morty season 3. The trailer, which can be viewed below, shows that Rick and Morty‘s season 3 will continue with themes of Morty's adolescent and comparatively mundane adventures at school being shunted to the side in order to accommodate their much more action-packed and life-threatening adventures with Rick. This means the story thread began at the end of season two about Rick and Morty's family being on the run from the intergalactic police will not continue throughout this season. Unfortunately, the Rick and Morty season 3 trailer, which /Film reports was debuted during a live stream from Adult Swim, does not contain proper animation. The voice acting and the hilarious dialogue is on point, but the visuals are closer to roughly sketched stop-motion stills than to finished product, as they would be at an early stage of development for Rick and Morty. Although the art style shown in the trailer suggests the new batch of Rick and Morty episodes are a long way from completion, though, Rick and Morty fans should not be fooled: some words from the Rick and Morty staff confirm the episodes themselves are already complete and imply that season 3 will air very soon indeed. According to iDigital Times, some of the show's writers revealed way back in September that the episodes had been finished and were in post-production. And much earlier, all the way back in January, Dan Harmon themselves had said during San Diego's Comic Con that Rick and Morty season 3 would probably be released around the end of 2016. Obviously, that is not happening, but Harmon's prediction and the writers' comments point to an early 2017 release date. It seems that Mr. Poopybutthole was not lying when, in an after-credits sequence wrapping up Rick and Morty‘s season 2 finale, they said the show would probably be off the air for “like, a year and a half.” That would mean a March 2017 release date for season 3, which seems about right. Of course, they also said “… or longer,” so their declaration can't be taken as gospel. As long as we are discussing Rick and Morty season 3 plot spoilers, we should mention a rough clip from the new episodes that was shown at Comic Con. The clip's content concerns Rick donning a robot suit and attacking a planet of rats, eventually harvesting one of their brains for their own use. Yep, this season is definitely not toning down the show's signature fantastical sci-fi weirdness. Although Rick and Morty's extreme antics are remaining the same for Rick and Morty season 3, though, the showrunners are making an effort to switch up the creative dynamic behind the scripts. More specifically, they want to inject more feminine representation into the writing team, noted Harmon. “We hired a bunch of new writers. There was a craving for a gender balance in the writers' room that we had never had, but I'm also very proud of the fact that we didn't compromise ourselves following that craving. We just looked harder and I don't know if it was coincidence or because the show was popping up on the radar of a lot of great female writers noticing, ‘Well, they don't have any women writers in there. I'm gonna submit something.' It was probably a combination of all those factors.” Love you guys https://t.co/DpR8SD6bN2 — Justin Roiland (@JustinRoiland) December 17, 2016 It will be very interesting to see what impact a stronger female presence in the writers' room has on Rick and Morty, or if it will be noticeable at all. Either way, the show is sure to remain hilarious, and the teaser trailers that have been released only further heighten our anticipation for Rick and Morty season 3. [Featured image by PRNewsFoto/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc.]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
While the immigration debate occupies politicians, the World Cup shows how much people from other countries help make up the fabric of New York.
A fan of Poland holds up a scarf as they watch a World Cup soccer match between Poland and Colombia at The Garden at Studio Square NYC in New York on Sunday, June 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Terrin Waack)
The lack of a U.S. team caused a big viewership drop for World Cup telecasts.
The 48 group stage telecasts on Fox and FS1 averaged 2,069,000 viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research. That is down 42 per cent from the 3.54 million average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC four years ago and down 15 per cent from the 2,429,000 average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC eight years ago.
Excluding games involving the U.S. team in previous World Cups, the average declined 28 per cent from the 2014 tournament in Brazil and was up 1 per cent from the 2010 tournament in South Africa.
Most group-stage kickoff times this year were morning EDT, starting as early as 6 a.m., and the latest matches began at 2 p.m. Games in 2014 started mostly from noon to 4 p.m. EDT, while in 2010 games there were many matches at 10 a.m. and some as early as 7:30 a.m.
Twenty-six group-stage matches were aired on Fox, up from six on ABC in 2014 and four on ABC in 2010.
Ratings include only television viewers and not those who viewed digital streams.
Related: England finally wins penalty shootout at World Cup
Related: Defending champion Germany eliminated from World Cup
___
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The Office of Management and Budget reports that the federal government is a shambles — cybersecurity-wise, anyway. Finding little situational awareness, few standard processes for reporting or managing attacks, and almost no agencies adequately performing even basic encryption, the OMB concluded that “the current situation is untenable.”
All told, nearly three quarters of federal agencies have cybersecurity programs that qualified as either “at risk” (significant gaps in security) or “high risk” (fundamental processes not in place).
The report, which you can read here, lists four major findings, each of which with its own pitiful statistics and recommendations that occasionally amount to a complete about-face or overhaul of existing policies.
1. “Agencies do not understand and do not have the resources to combat the current threat environment.”
The simple truth and perhaps origin of all these problems is that the federal government is a slow-moving beast that can't keep up with the nimble threat of state-sponsored hackers and the rapid pace of technology. The simplest indicator of this problem is perhaps this: of the 30,899 (!) known successful compromises of federal systems in FY 2016, 11,802 of them never even had their threat vector identified.
38 percent of attacks had no identified method or attacker.
So for 38 percent of successful attacks, they don't have a clue who did it or how!
This lack of situational awareness means that even if they have budgets in the billions, these agencies don't have the capability to deploy them effectively.
While cyber spending increases year-over-year, OMB found that agencies are not effectively using available information, such as threat intelligence, incident data, and network traffic flow data to determine the extent that assets are at risk, or inform how they to prioritize resource allocations.
To this end, the OMB will be working with agencies on a threat-based budget model, looking at what is actually possible to affect the agency, what is in place to prevent it, and what specifically needs to be improved.
2. “Agencies do not have standardized cybersecurity processes and IT capabilities.”
There's immense variety in the tasks and capabilities of our many federal agencies, but you would think that some basics would have be established along the lines of best practices for reporting, standard security measures to lock down secure systems, and so on. Nope!
For example, one agency lists no fewer than 62 separately managed email services in its environment, making it virtually impossible to track and inspect inbound and outbound communications across the agency.
51 percent of agencies can't detect or whitelist software running on their systems
Only half of the agencies the OMB looked at said they have the ability to detect and whitelist software running on their systems. Now, while it may only be needed on a case by case basis for IT to manage users' apps and watch for troubling processes, well, the capability should at least be there!
When something happens, things are little better: 59 percent of agencies have some kind of standard process for communicating cyber-threats to their users. So, for example, if one of their 62 email systems has been compromised, the agency as likely as not has any good way to notify everyone about it.
And only 30 percent have “predictable, enterprise-wide incident response processes in place,” meaning once the threat has been detected, only one in three has some kind of standard procedure for who to tell and what to tell them.
Establishing standard processes for cybersecurity and general harmony in computing resources is something the OMB has been working on for a long time. Too bad the position of cyber coordinator just got eliminated.
3. “Agencies lack visibility into what is occurring on their networks, and especially lack the ability to detect data exfiltration.”
Monitoring your organization's data and traffic, both internal and external, is a critical part of any cybersecurity plan. Time and again federal agencies have proven susceptible to all kinds of exfiltration schemes, from USB keys to phishing for login details.
73 percent can't detect attempts to access large volumes of data.
Simply put, agencies cannot detect when large amounts of information leave their networks, which is particularly alarming in the wake of some of the high-profile incidents across government and industry in recent years.
Turns out that only 27 percent of the agencies even “have the ability to detect and investigate attempts to access large volumes of data.”
Hard to secure your data if you can't see where it's going. After the “high-profile incidents” to which the OMB report alludes, one would think that detection and lockdown of data repositories would be one of the first efforts these agencies would make.
Perhaps it's the total lack of insight into how and why these things occur. Only 17 percent of agencies analyzed incident response data after the fact, so maybe they just filed the incidents away, never to be looked at again.
The OMB has a smart way to start addressing this: one agency that has its act together will be designated a “SOC [Secure Operations Center] Center of Excellence.” (Yes, “Center” is there twice.) This SOC will offer secure storage and access as a service to other agencies while the latter improve or establish their own facilities.
4. “Agencies lack standardized and enterprise-wide processes for managing cybersecurity risks”
There's a bit of overlap with 2 here, but redundancy is the name of the game when it comes to the U.S. government. This one is a bit more focused on the leadership itself.
While most agencies noted… that their leadership was actively engaged in cybersecurity risk management, many did not, or could not, elaborate in detail on leadership engagement above the CIO level. Federal agencies possess neither robust risk management programs nor consistent methods for notifying leadership of cybersecurity risks across the agency.
84 percent of agencies failed to meet goals for encrypting data at rest.
In other words, cyber is being left to the cyber-guys, with little guidance or clout offered by the higher-ups at the agencies. That's important because, as the OMB notes, many decisions or requests can only be made by those higher-ups. For example, budgetary concerns.
Despite “repeated calls from industry leaders, GAO [the Government Accountability Office], and privacy advocates” to utilize encryption wherever possible, less than 16 percent of agencies achieved their targets for encrypting data at rest. 16 percent! Encrypting at rest isn't even that hard!
Turns out this is an example of under-investment by the powers that be. Non-defense agencies budgeted a total between them of under $51 million on encrypting data in FY 2017, which is extremely little even before you consider that half of that came from two agencies. How are even motivated IT departments supposed to migrate to encrypted storage when they have no money to hire the experts or get the equipment necessary to do so?
“Agencies have demonstrated that this is a low priority…it is easy to see government's priorities must be realigned,” the OMB remarked.
While the conclusion of the report isn't as gloomy as the body, it's clear that the OMB's researchers are deeply disappointed by what they found. This is hardly a new issue, despite the current President's designation of it as a key issue — the previous Presidents did as well, but movement has been slow and halting, punctuated by disastrous breaches and embarrassing leaks.
The report declines to name and shame the offending agencies, perhaps because their failings and successes were diverse and no one deserved worse treatment than another, but it seems highly likely that in less public channels those agencies are not being spared. Hopefully this damning report will put spurs to the efforts that have been limping along for the last decade.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Santi Cazorla has been named in Arsenal's Europa League squad.
The diminutive Spaniard, 33, has not played for the Gunners since October 2016, when they helped their team to 6-0 win over Ludogrets in the Champions League.
Last year, they told how they came close to needing their foot amputated due to infections following a string of surgeries.
Arsene Wenger refused to put a timescale on their return but the latest news will come as a real boost to Arsenal fans.
Europa League clubs had to submit an updated squad list for the knockout stages.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
New signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was not included having played for Borussia Dortmund earlier in this campaign.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan is included as is fellow new boy Konstantinos Mavropanos alongside midfielder Cazorla after their injury problems.
(Image: Arsenal FC)
The spaces in the squad came following the departures of Alexis Sanchez, Theo Walcott, Olivier Giroud and Francis Coquelin.
Mkhitaryan will wear the No.77 shirt in the competition as the No.7 was previously worn by Sanchez.
SPOILER ALERT: Do not read if you have not yet watched the May 28 season premiere of “The Bachelorette.”
After undergoing the most dramatic finale in “Bachelor” history, Becca Kufrin is back and ready to “do the damn thing.”
Yes, they may have the worst slogan to date, but Kufrin returns to the Bachelor Mansion this season to find them happily ever after just months after they were proposed to by Arie Luyendyk Jr. In “unedited” footage aired live during the March finale, Luyendyk subsequently ended their engagement after having a change of heart and going after runner-up Lauren Burnham, leaving Kufrin in tears. Now Kufrin, a 28-year-old publicist from Minnesota, is leading Season 14 of “The Bachelorette.”
In Monday's premiere, the show dove into their life after heartbreak and their decision to continue to search for love on TV, along with getting some advice from former “Bachelorette” stars ahead of their journey. Kaitlyn Bristowe, JoJo Fletcher and Rachel Lindsay joined Kufrin to share horror stories, sage the mansion and trash Luyendyk, with last season's Bachelorette joking, “Please don't edit this out: F— him.”
And then it was onto the intro packages to check out this year's group of men. Among the highlights (or lowlights?) were two football-player-with-a-soft-side types Clay and Colton; colognoisseur Jean Blanc, who declared he's “going to blow their nose away”; grocery store owner Joe; and Jordan, a model who described their look as “pensive gentleman” and said their “power is in the brows.” Yikes.
Onto the limos. This year's classic entrances included plenty of over-the-top theatrics, including a fake proposal, a cardboard cutout of Luyendyk, an arrival via family-friendly minivan, a choir, and one suitor who Kufrin declared “has way better hair than I do.”
Blake, who first appeared as one of the selected men on “After the Final Rose” with a horse, returned this time with an ox, and another competitor jumped out of the back of a hearse with the line, “When I found out you were the Bachelorette, I literally died.” David, though, took the cake when they showed up in a chicken suit, cawing “Becca” and saying “I'm not here to ruffle feathers.” Oy!
As the show has continuously been criticized for its lack of diversity, this season also includes a more inclusive group of suitors than the audience has often seen, with seven out of 28 of this year's contestant pool being men of color.
After the arrivals, Kufrin said they were “so hopeful with this group,” and kicked off the conversations and even more insanity inside the mansion, starting when Christon, a former Harlem Globetrotter, dunked a basketball over the Bachelorette into a hoop on the driveway. Dancing, fishing lessons in the pool, and massages were also on the schedule for the first night.
Male model Jordan provided plenty of commentary throughout the night on the men's fashion choices, and some early drama started stewing between Chris and Chase, when Chris accused Chase of coming onto the show for the wrong reasons. Kufrin also confronted Jake, an acquaintance from Minnesota they previously knew through friends, about their intentions and sent them home because “honestly I don't think he's here for me.” Becca isn't here to play games!
The coveted first impression rose went to Garrett, a 29-year-old medical sales rep, the suitor who showed up in a minivan, and who Kufrin said “made me laugh and made me feel so comfortable.” In the first rose ceremony of the season, they sent home Kamil, Joe, Darius, Grant, Christian and Chase — the latter being the one was involved in the very unnecessary, premature drama earlier in the episode. This brought the contestant pool down to 21.
In the first episode, Kufrin set themselves up a non-nonsense Bachelorette who is taking their journey to find love seriously, while at the same time bringing a more casual and fun vibe to the lead role. Blake, Colton, and of course Garrett seem like early frontrunners for the final rose, but there are sure to be plenty of surprises to come.
“The Bachelorette” airs on Mondays at 8 p.m. on ABC.
© 2001–2017 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
The piece below was submitted by CFE, VoteSolar, and Environment Connecticut in response to the latest delay in the shared solar pilot program.
Solar and environmental advocates are calling for a new community solar program in Connecticut that will expand solar access, energy choices and consumer savings for families, municipalities, and businesses statewide. The demand follows today's Department of Energy and Environmental Protection (DEEP) technical hearing where attendees reviewed the state's current Shared Clean Energy Facilities pilot program. The pilot has stalled several times over the last two years, most recently following DEEP's decision to scrap all the proposals they have received and issue a new request for projects. DEEP heard from many advocates and developers at the hearing who are frustrated with this latest delay and skeptical about the long term success of the pilot.
The current pilot program was meant to expand solar access to Connecticut energy customers who can't put solar on their own roof, but it contained flaws that have prevented any development to date. As set out in the legislation, the program has several poor design elements and a goal too small to draw significant private sector interest. Below are statements from stakeholders in Connecticut's clean energy economy:
“For years, Connecticut has missed out on the opportunity to bring solar energy choices to all consumers and more clean energy jobs to the state,” said Sean Garren, Northeast Regional director for Vote Solar. “Connecticut's lackluster community solar program hasn't unlocked the benefits of solar access for a single resident to date due to poor design and a lack of ambition at the scale needed, brought about by the electric utilities' intervention. We're calling on the legislature to catch up to the rest of New England — and the nation — with a smart, well-structured community solar program designed to serve consumers statewide.”
“Two years of foot dragging and refusal by the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection to follow the law and implement a community solar program is preventing tens of thousands of Connecticut families from gaining access to clean, affordable, secure solar power,” said Chris Phelps, State Director for Environment Connecticut. “Community solar is helping other states accelerate solar growth, create jobs, and cut pollution. Connecticut policymakers should take action now to create a bold community solar program.”
“Shared solar programs have been sweeping the nation for the last decade, but Connecticut has been left in the shade — losing out on healthier air, investment dollars, and green jobs that would accompany a full-scale, statewide shared solar program,” said Claire Coleman, Climate and Energy Attorney for Connecticut Fund for the Environment. “DEEP's decision to start over with the already overly-restrictive shared solar pilot puts Connecticut further in the dark. Our climate and economy cannot wait any longer. Connecticut's leaders must move quickly to ramp up in-state renewables through a full-scale shared solar program if Connecticut is going to have any chance of meeting its obligations under the Global Warming Solutions Act to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.”
Vote Solar is a nonprofit organization working to foster economic development and energy independence by bringing solar energy to the mainstream nationwide. Learn more at votesolar.org.
Olympics: Confusion over 2020 golf venue date back to bid - report
by Reuters 15 Feb 2017, 14:14 IST
A woman is silhouetted against a monitor showing Tokyo 2020 Olympics and Paralympics emblems during the Olympic and Paralympic flag-raising ceremony at Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building in Tokyo, Japan, September 21, 2016. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/Files
By Elaine Lies
TOKYO (Reuters) - Problems surrounding the venue for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics golf events, which does not allow full membership for women, stem from documents prepared for the original bid, a Japanese media report said on Wednesday.
Calls have arisen to move the tournament away from the private Kasumigaseki Country Club in Saitama prefecture because of a policy that forbids women from playing on Sundays and excludes them from becoming a full member.
A board meeting last week postponed a decision on the issue, which its head called "a nuisance".
After the venue was selected to host the tournament in 2012, it received approval from the International Golf Federation (IGF) but the club's policy was not included in explanatory material at that time, NHK public television said.
Despite earning selection, a member of the Tokyo Metropolitan Government's bid committee warned the club that its policy could create problems for violating the Olympic charter's rules on equality.
Quoting information given to the government in 2012, NHK added that the bid committee member was told by the club that it would "fix things" and thinking the issue was resolved, opted not to mention the policy in documents prepared in English.
A Kasumigaseki Country Club official confirmed to NHK that the club had been warned but said it had replied: "If this becomes a problem, we will have a mutual discussion at that time. We did not say we would fix things."
The International Golf Federation was quoted by NHK as saying they did not know until recently that the club did not admit women as full members.
Nobody was available at the club for comment on Wednesday and Tokyo 2020 spokesperson Hikariko Ono said the Organising Committee was not aware of any communications between the Bid Committee and other parties during the bidding process.
"If the media reports are correct, we believe the Tokyo Metropolitan Government should explain clearly to Kasumigaseki Country Club what actually transpired at the time," Ono added in an email response to written questions.
"Kasumigaseki Country Club is aware of the IOC's request to change its membership policy and is holding internal discussions. The Organising Committee will continue to monitor developments carefully."
(Editing by John O'Brien)
By Susan Middaugh for The Island Eye News
This Bicentennial talk by island historian Roy Williams will be presented on Saturday, Dec. 16, at noon, at the Fort Moultrie Visitor Center Auditorium, 1214 Middle St., Sullivan's Island. The Town of Moultrieville was incorporated by S.C. State statute 200 years ago on December 17, 1817, at the request of the residents of the Village of Moultrieville. The reason cited was the rapid growth in the Sullivan's Island population during the summer and autumn months that year due to the “unusual prevalence and alarming effects of the yellow fever”. Residents sought the authority, by incorporation, to establish police and schools and provide a means to pay for them. This raises the relevant questions: What happened to the Town of Moultrieville? Why do Island residents not live in the Town of Moultrieville today? How and when did the Town of Sullivan's Island replace it? The answers to these questions are part of the remarkable history of Sullivan's Island that includes a taxpayer revolt. Roy Williams has been invited to commemorate the Bicentennial of the Town of Moultrieville, to tell this story and answer these questions. Williams is an exceptionally knowledgeable historian and engaging story teller. They grew up on Sullivan's Island, taught history at Wando High School, and authored the book Images of America: Sullivan's Island (Arcadia Publishing, Charleston, SC, 2004).
This event is free and open to the public. Co sponsored by the National Park Service and Battery Gadsden Cultural Center, BatteryGadsden.com. Preserving the culture of art and history on Sullivan's Island.
Any parent knows it. Diapers are as expensive as they are vital to raising a child.
It's because of this, Crisis Nursery of Families First Minnesota is asking for diaper donations from the community, to help with its work as a child abuse prevention and family support program.
Friday, you can donate diapers at Thrivent Financial, off of Elton Hills Lane Northwest, Rochester. Diapers of all sizes are welcome.
The drive runs from 7 a.m. till 1 p.m.
If you miss out on today's chance, you can always donate at the Crisis Nursery on Woodlake Drive SE, Rochester.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A lawyer for U.S. President Donald Trump's longtime personal attorney, Michael Cohen, on Wednesday accused adult film actor Stormy Daniels' lawyer of leaking Cohen's bank records to the press, calling it a “drive-by shooting of my client's rights.”
U.S. President Donald Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen (C) arrives at federal court in Manhattan, New York, U.S., May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
The comments by Cohen lawyer Stephen Ryan regarding Daniels' lawyer, Michael Avenatti, came during an often-heated hearing before U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood in Manhattan related to a criminal investigation by federal prosecutors into Cohen's business dealings.
Avenatti told Wood they did not release anything improper about Cohen, who has not been charged with a crime.
But the judge told Avenatti they would not have free rein in their courtroom “to denigrate Mr. Cohen and, I believe, potentially, deprive them of a fair trial by tainting a jury pool” should criminal charges be brought against Cohen.
Leaks could make it harder for Cohen to get a fair trial if they were charged. Legal experts have said they might choose to cooperate with prosecutors as pressure mounts.
The investigation stems in part from a referral by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who is probing whether Trump's 2016 presidential campaign colluded with Russia.
Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion, and Russia has denied meddling in the U.S. election.
At Wednesday's hearing, Wood set a June 15 deadline for Cohen's and Trump's lawyers to identify materials seized in April raids on their home, office and hotel room, which they say prosecutors cannot use by prosecutors because the materials are subject to attorney-client privilege.
Wood said a “taint team” of prosecutors not involved in the Cohen probe would make the determinations after that date.
Ryan, one of Cohen's lawyers, said in court that Avenatti acted maliciously by releasing their client's bank records and attacking Cohen in dozens of media appearances, to “paint a false narrative” about Cohen and “call attention to himself.”
Stormy Daniels, the porn star currently in legal battles with U.S. President Donald Trump, speaks during a ceremony in their honor in West Hollywood, California, U.S., May 23, 2018. REUTERS/Mike Blake
Avenatti has released details of payments to Cohen from a company linked to Russian oligarch Viktor Vekselberg, who the United States sanctioned over suspected meddling in the election.
Avenatti's involvement has complicated the Cohen probe.
Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, has said they had a sexual encounter with Trump, and sued Cohen in March to end an agreement under which Cohen paid their $130,000 not to discuss it. Trump has denied having sex with Daniels.
Speaking to reporters after the hearing, Avenatti signalled that more disclosures are forthcoming.
“We've got a whole host of information that we are going to be releasing relating to Mr. Cohen and relating to Mr. Trump, so they better buckle up,” they said.
The June 15 deadline to review documents seized from Cohen was a month sooner than Cohen's lawyers had wanted.
Todd Harrison, a lawyer for Cohen, said their firm was “moving heaven and Earth” to review documents. They said they have reviewed about 1.3 million of the 3.7 million files turned over.
But the judge said taking too long was not an option.
U.S. President Donald Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen arrives at federal court in Manhattan, New York, U.S., May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton
“It's important for the court to balance the slow, deliberate needs of those asserting attorney-client privilege with the need for an investigation to go forward,” Wood said.
GUAM (Reuters) - Fourteen minutes is not long to prepare for a potential catastrophe.
That's the estimated time taken from a launch of a mid-range ballistic missile in North Korea until impact on Guam, where residents seem resigned to the belief that their fate is out of their control.
The local government of this tiny U.S. Pacific island issued preparation guidance to its 163,000 people on Friday on how best to hide and deal with radiation after threats by Pyongyang to strike Guam, or test its missiles in its surrounding waters.
But islanders don't seem in a hurry to get ready.
Mike Benavente, 37, who maintains air conditioners, said they saw the advisory on Facebook, but preferred family time at a beach barbecue to stocking up on supplies and thinking about suitable shelter options.
"Preparation for attack? I'm doing it!" they said, pointing to a grill they were readying for burgers and hot dogs. "If we have a big missile coming here, everyone's gonna die. How can I prepare for a missile?"
In a guidance note titled "Preparing for an Imminent Missile Threat", Guam Homeland Security advised seeking out in advance windowless shelters in homes, schools and offices, with concrete "dense enough to absorb radiation".
It said if an attack warning came, residents should seek shelter and stay there for at least 24 hours. Those caught outside should lay down, cover their heads and "not look at the flash or fireball" to avoid going blind.
Plush hotels along Guam's Tumon beach didn't seem in a rush to prepare either. Staff at several hotels and resorts said they knew guidelines had been issued but already had procedures in place for emergencies.
"We have an evacuation plan for typhoon, tsunami, terrorism, but we don't have anything for a North Korean missile attack," said a supervisor at one resort, who asked that neither they nor their hotel be identified because they aren't authorised to speak to the media.
A manager at a hotel nearby had a printed copy of the guidelines, but said there was no instruction yet to distribute it to guests.
Children ride in a shopping cart, as residents shop for food supplies, at a grocery store in Dededo, Guam, a U.S. Pacific Territory, August 12, 2017. Erik De Castro
TIME LIMITED
North Korea on Thursday said plans would be completed by mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles to land near Guam, some 3,500 kilometres (2,175 miles) away, after U.S. President Donald Trump said any threat would be "met with fire and fury like the world has never seen."
Guam, an island half the size of Hong Kong and some 7,000 km from the U.S. mainland, is a target because of its naval base and air force base, from which two B-1B supersonic bombers were deployed close to the Korean peninsula on Tuesday.
It is also a permanent home to a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptor.
Local authorities have been reassuring residents and tourists that a "strategic defence umbrella" across the Western Pacific can counter any missile attacks, and the chance of a successful North Korean strike on Guam was minimal.
"Our confidence is it's point zero zero, zero zero, zero - that's five zeros - and a one," the governor's homeland security advisor, George Charfauros, said on Friday.
"The threat level has not changed. It's business as usual."
That was the case on Saturday in Guam's malls and along its pristine beaches, where children played in the turquoise sea as parents drank beer and prepared picnics.
"I haven't really thought about preparation. We really don't know what to do if there's a missile attack," said Marlene, 37, an accountant.
"We get just 14 minutes. The military says they'll be ready, so we're banking on them."
Auto parts seller Mitch Aguon, 51, spent their day off fishing and said preparation was pointless.
"By the time we hear about it, it'll be too late and there's no room for us ordinary Joes in the bomb shelters. We're dead meat," they said.
Traveling with a baby for the holidays? First you've got your own gear to worry about, then a stroller, something for the baby to sleep in, a baby carrier, toys, snacks, a diaper bag, possibly a car seat and whatever else the plane might allow you to shove into the overhead compartment or check at the gate. Then you've got to soothe and entertain the little one so everyone on the plane doesn't hate you. the struggle. is. real.
But one startup out of New Mexico hopes to at least take care of the gear portion of your personal travel nightmare. Babierge (think baby+concierge) is a baby gear rental marketplace where, instead of lugging everything around with you from city to city, you can rent from individuals wherever you go baby cribs, strollers and whatever else you'll need.
It's also a way for families, called “trusted partners,” to make an extra bit of cash for the baby gear they already have.
It works like this: Those needing baby gear log onto the site and choose the destination city they'll be traveling to. From there, you'll see the family willing to rent and the equipment they have to offer listed below. Choose what you need and then select the dates you'll need the equipment. From there you'll see if the gear is available and the total price. If all looks good you can check out and arrange for delivery wherever you may be in town.
It's conceivable the company could go beyond baby gear at some point. This month, some on the site are even offering holiday packages such as delivery of a full-bodied faux pine Christmas tree that comes pre-lit with 300 mini-white and 300 mini-colored lights or a Menorah with candles and matches. However, given the name and focus, the site isn't likely to branch out further than a few of these one-offs.
The startup's growth is a testament to a need in the market for this type of platform. According to Babierge co-founder Fran Maier, Babierge has served about 5,000 traveling families this year, fulfilling more than 400 orders during Thanksgiving alone.
The company launched a mere 18 months ago and so far covers more than 100 markets in the U.S. and Canada. Maier also tells TechCrunch Babierge is adding about five new markets a week — and all that on very little funding of about $500,000 from friends and family so far.
Of course, activity is going to spike around big family travel days like Thanksgiving and Christmas, and Babierge will need to figure out how to sustain sales and revenue throughout the year. It's also seen fast adoption from those wanting to rent their goods in several markets, and will likely need more cash to help it safely scale.
Maier told TechCrunch they expect to get to about 6,000 orders by year's end and has considered raising from venture capital or “wood for the fire” for next year.
In a way, the startup is a bit like Airbnb in the early days, but on a niche, baby scale. Still, it's able to learn from those who've gone before and I'm told it does offer liability insurance to ensure no harm comes to either party in the process.
Or perhaps it's more like a Craigslist. Trusted partners choose the pickup and delivery details and list their pictures, emails and phone numbers on the site. Babierge will need to scramble that contact info or create a messaging system to prevent unscrupulous individuals from abuse.
But Babierge says it also offers required safety and cleanliness training for all partners and is a good way for stay-at-home moms to earn a little extra cash for used baby items. The average partner makes about $600 per month, according to the startup.
Overall, it seems like a pretty useful idea and without much competition, excepting one company out of Colorado called Babies Away, which offers similar rental services in about 80 locations throughout the U.S.
“But they haven't changed,” Maier says. Though Babies Away, which has been in business since 1991, does offer more equipment on the site.
But it doesn't come with the same personal touch or family friendly feel as Babierge. There's no Christmas tree delivery, for instance.
It's also not geared toward moms hoping to make a few extra bucks on extra gear. Babies Away partners run their shops like a straight-up business.
But it's a niche industry, either way. Parents (and grandparents and other family members hosting the parents) don't need to rent gear all the time. Just a few times a year when families are traveling. Still, Babierge fills a definite need for those not wanting to lug their entire nursery with them around this time of year — and I'm glad it's around, as I'll be joining this special lot in the next few months.
Featured Image: Klaus Vedfelt/Getty Images
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bank Saint Petersburg:
* SAYS PLANS TO ACHIEVE SUSTAINABLE ROAE OF 15%+ BY 2020 Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Warner Bros. needs to convince moviegoers that they prefer their Kipling a bit darker.
The studio is faced with the unenviable task of following up Disney's 2016 box office smash “The Jungle Book” with “Mowgli,” their own take on the “man cub” who was raised by wolves. Based on footage that Warner Bros. screened for theater owners on Tuesday at CinemaCon, they're scrapping the “Bear Necessities” and remaining more faithful to Rudyard Kipling's original stories.
Director Andy Serkis promised that the film will be a “darker retelling” of the story that is far removed from Disney's 1967 animated classic and more recent live-action version. Flanked by stars Cate Blanchett, Benedict Cumberbatch, Matthew Rhys and Rohan Chand, Serkis said the film will be an “epic story of a child becoming a warrior.”
The trailer made it clear that this is a moodier fable, one that might not be suitable for very young children. Shere Khan looks ready to disembowel Mowgli, Kaa seems primed to make them a meal, and Mowgli themselves seems older and more like a rebellious teenager than the cartoon's lovable tyke. It's an undeniably sumptuous affair, which must have cost a pretty penny.
It's also not clear it will work. Hollywood studios have long duked it out over divergent takes on similarly theme material. Sometimes it works. “Deep Impact” and “Armageddon” both dramatized humanity's efforts to survive planet-threatening asteroids, while still managing to succeed at the box office. Other times there's a clear loser in this kind of face-offs. “Snow White & the Huntsman” and “Mirror Mirror” had dueling takes on the familiar fairy tale. Only one succeeded, and it wasn't the one with Julia Roberts.
Published:
Senator Dino Melaye on Tuesday reportedly jumped out of a police moving vehicle conveying them to Kogi state and ran into a thick bush. It was gathered that police operatives also jumped out of the vehicle and gave the fleeing lawmaker a hot chase.
CKN had reported that the senator from Kogi West was arrested by police operatives and then detained in a facility opposite the old Central Bank of Nigeria junction along the Area 1 Expressway in Abuja.
Melaye was on Monday barred from travelling to Morocco for an official assignment by men of the Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) due to an order from INTERPOL.
The lawmaker was recently declared wanted by the police after they were accused of supplying arms to some murder suspects. The senator has since denied the allegations, describing it as politically motivated.
Details Later
Share This
Tropical Storm Nate was gathering force in the warm waters of the Caribbean Sea on Friday as it made its way toward the U.S. Gulf Coast, which was bracing for a potential direct hit Sunday.
The storm has already unleashed heavy rain and flooding over parts of Central America, where several people have died.
In Nicaragua, the death toll reached at least 11 on Thursday, while thousands of people had to evacuate their homes and several others were reported missing, according to Vice President Rosario Murillo. Nate follows nearly two weeks of heavy rain that has saturated the ground there, reports The Associated Press, and Murillo said that the recent rainfall is not part of Nate's storm system.
In Costa Rica, officials blamed the storm for at least seven deaths, AP says. Schools across the country were suspended Thursday because of heavy rainfall.
In Honduras, two young people drowned in a swollen river, while in neighboring El Salvador a man was killed in a mudslide, reports Reuters.
The National Hurricane Center said Nate was located off the coast of Honduras on Friday morning and headed north northwestward at 14 mph. It had maximum sustained winds of around 45 mph, but forecasters said the winds would pick up over the next couple of days and were expected to reach hurricane force by the time Nate reaches the northern Gulf of Mexico.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday for parts of Louisiana, including New Orleans, while parts of Mississippi and Alabama were under a tropical storm watch.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards declared a state of emergency Thursday in anticipation of Nate's arrival and is asking President Trump to declare "a pre-landfall state of emergency."
At a briefing Edwards said Louisiana is expected to take a direct hit early Sunday morning, but parts of the state could feel the force of the winds by Saturday evening. Edwards said rainfall could reach six inches in some areas, with storm surge of up to six feet.
It has been a devastating hurricane season, and Nate is an unwelcome reminder that it is not over yet; the season continues until the end of November.
Louisiana National Guard soldiers have already been helping with recovery efforts in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath. Now more than 1,000 state guardsmen have been mobilized ahead of Nate, some in New Orleans to monitor drainage pumps, which have already undergone damage.
"We don't anticipate that this is going to cause devastating impact to New Orleans or exceed the ability for the pumps or the electrical generation down there to pump out that water," Edwards said. But they added, "I'm not going to tell you I am not concerned."
After Election Landslide, It's Putin's Russia (More Than Ever)
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jolie Myers/NPR Jolie Myers/NPR
Vladimir Putin won re-election with a landslide victory: 76 percent of the vote. That win puts them on track to rule until 2024 — nearly a quarter century in power, second only to Stalin as far as Kremlin leaders go.
What does another six years mean for Russia?
"Given the fact that this time should be their final term, I think their mission can be formulated as: to guarantee that the system he's erected, which brought Russia back to the world stage as a significant player after a pretty big demise in [the] 1990s ... will survive him," veteran journalist Fyodor Lukyanov told NPR's All Things Considered in Moscow on Monday.
Lukyanov is editor-in-chief of the foreign policy journal Russia in Global Affairs.
These excerpts have been lightly edited for clarity.
Interview Highlights
On what this victory means for Putin and their mission
To believe that an authoritarian ruler is just a cynical manipulator, it's not fair. And I think Putin is not that kind of person. They believe in their particular mission, and they believe in their connection to people. ...
If they [believed] that this system cannot exist without him, that will be perceived by them as a defeat.
This system is closely connected not to the president of the Russian Federation, but to the president whose name is Vladimir Putin.
Putin ... embodied what Russian people wanted to see after a very turbulent period of the collapse of the Soviet Union. But the [flip side] of this is that the legitimacy of the whole system is actually equal to their personal legitimacy. ...
They cannot just go and put in a successor ... because this place is suited for him. No person after them will have their kind of relationship to the Russian nation. This person will have to develop their own way, but to do this they will need time, and to guarantee that during this time the system will not collapse, they will need some institutional changes as well.
toggle caption Jolie Myers/NPR
On a message of stability, despite chaotic international relations
The question is, to what extent do people in Russia feel "hurt" by, for example, expulsion of Russian diplomats from Britain, or new sanctions imposed by the U.S.? ... It doesn't touch [the average Russian]. ...
If you compare the narrative now and, say, 10 years ago – the Russian discussion was much less homogeneous, and those who claimed that Russia was to blame were not the majority, of course, but a significant minority. Now ... you hear voices in support to the Western position, but very few.
On Russians' faith in Kremlin denials of wrongdoing
When I followed the [2016 presidential] campaign in the United States, I was pretty shocked. Because previously I believed that paranoia is a Russian business. So I'm afraid that we are in big trouble for one simple reason: because all the major actors have such huge domestic problems, that foreign policy issues are becoming, everywhere — Russia, China, U.S., Britain, Germany — a means to address this. And this is terrible.
Freelance journalist Anna Shpakova contributed to this report.
The Philadelphia Eagles are hung up on Bill Belichick.
Yet another member of the Eagles organization sounded off against Bill Belichick and the New England Patriots. Eagles guard Brandon Brooks tore into the team's approach, much like their teammate Lane Johnson has done on multiple occasions this offseason.
“It's crazy that people haven't known this,” Brooks said after Eagles OTAs on Tuesday, via Bleeding Green Nation. “It's been this way for like a decade. You've seen— Reggie Wayne did it. They retired. They went there [to the Patriots] for a training camp and retired. Shit is not fun there. I was under the same regime in Houston [with O'Brien]. I almost retired. Shit was miserable, every day. Every day.”
“I came in [as a rookie] under [Gary] Kubiak, who was just an older version of Doug [Pederson], then I went to O'Brien, who was Belichick, and then I came back to Doug, who's like Kubes, so for me, man, shit was great. Like, I cannot tell you how much better this is than it was down there. Like, it's just night and day. What does [Eagles offensive line coach Jeff Stoutland] say? Happy workers make more productive workers. When you're not having fun, man, those grinding, those hard-ass nosed days.”
Belichick's methodology, dubbed “The Patriot Way,” has been under fire with particular fervor this offseason, largely from the Eagles, who beat the Patriots in Super Bowl LII. But former Patriots and current 49ers defensive end Cassius Marsh threw some verbal jabs, too.
Current and former Patriots players have responded by backing Belichick amid these criticisms. However, Tom Brady and Rob Gronkowski have elected to skip voluntary OTAs this offseason after reports that they both have issues with Belichick‘s critical tendencies.
Perhaps Danny Amendola said it best.
“It's not easy, that's for sure. He's an [expletive] sometimes. There were a lot of things I didn't like about playing for him, but I must say, the things I didn't like were all in regards to getting the team better, and I respected him,” Amendola told ESPN in April after they signed with the Dolphins this offseason. “I didn't like practicing in the snow, I didn't like practicing in the rain, but that was going to make us a better football team and that was going to make me a better football player. It wasn't easy, and he'd be the first to admit, at the [Super Bowl] ring ceremony, that it wasn't easy playing for him. The silver lining was that we were at the ring ceremony.”
Just updated is “Flying with the iPad.”
The ebook's fourth edition includes information on the iPad Pro, ios 10, and the latest enhancements to popular aviation apps, according to Sporty's officials.
“Pilots have adopted the iPad faster than any other consumer technology in recent memory,” says Sporty's Vice President John Zimmerman. “From student pilots in Cessna 172s to airline pilots in Boeings, the iPad is changing the way aviation works.”
Flying with the iPad, from the publishers of Sporty's iPad Pilot News website, helps you choose the right iPad, find the best aviation apps, choose accessories and get flying.
The ebook includes information on using a portable ADS-B receiver and the use of an external GPS. Popular apps such as ForeFlight and Garmin Pilot are explored in depth.
The ebook includes more than 75 color pictures and screenshots.
Flying with the iPad ebook is available exclusively at Amazon.com and may be downloaded for $6.99.
Say this about Marc Bergevin: By ripping the guts out of their Montreal Canadiens, he's showing plenty of them himself.
But does being bold — at least in the past year — necessarily equate to making the smartest moves?
We're about to find out.
Consider this.
In less than eight months, Bergevin has made two huge moves.
First, they traded away P.K. Subban, a former Norris Trophy winner who was embraced by the community for, among other things, pledging to donate $10 million to the Montreal Childrens Hospital.
Then on Tuesday they fired coach Michel Therrien, who is said to have supported the Subban deal in order to change the culture inside the Habs dressing room, and replaced them with former Boston Bruins coach Claude Julien who, like Therrien, will be behind the Montreal bench for a second stint.
These are the type of storylines you'd expect to find in the pages of a Hollywood script. Instead, they are being authored out of the Montreal office of a general manager who now has the spotlight squarely on their shoulders.
No longer can Subban's huge personality be blamed for the Habs' shortcomings. Nor can disgruntled fans point to Therrien's conservative ways as the reason for the team not reaching its potential.
This is now on Bergevin.
Sink or swim. No more excuses.
Admittedly, the savvy Bergevin could not have predicted that all-world goalie Carey Price would be mired in a slump, one that is reflected in a Canadiens swoon that has seen them lose six of their past seven games.
Nevertheless, when you pull the trigger on the type of franchise-altering decisions that significantly move the seismic needle of the NHL landscape such as these two have, the statement you are making is clear: The window to win is now.
As such, Bergevin becomes the man on the hottest seat in all of La Belle Province, even with their team still on top of the Atlantic Division with 70 points. And, apparently, they know it.
To that end, within a couple of hours of the Habs announcing the hiring of Julien, a number of NHL executives told Postmedia that they expect Bergevin to be quite active in the two weeks leading up to the March 1 trade deadline. Much of the speculation revolves around forwards Matt Duchene of the Colorado Avalanche and Martin Hanzal of the Arizona Coyotes, although the asking price for both is said to be quite steep.
How the final two months of the season play out — and what moves, if any, the Habs GM makes to augment their roster — could very well dictate what Bergevin's future holds with the Canadiens.
Of course, the players need to absorb part of the blame here, too.
During the summer of 2016, there were rumblings out of Montreal that the team's leadership core was growing tired of Subban's flamboyant ways and welcomed the leadership that Shea Weber was bringing from Nashville.
Then, on Tuesday, came speculation out of Habs Land that that same group of players perhaps had grown weary of Therrien's tactics and thirsted for change.
Are we to believe that Subban and Therrien were the sole reasons for the Canadiens underachieving? Of course not.
That leaves the question to be asked: Are the inmates running the asylum here?
And, to that end, at what point do the guys lacing up the blades become accountable?
Whether you agree with Bergevin's moves or not, they haven't been shy in making waves. If they don't work, Bergevin might be the one waving goodbye.
Having said that, the fact that the Bruins dismissed Julien just eight days earlier likely accelerated Therrien's departure. The chance to scoop up a Stanley Cup-winning coach like Julien, who is familiar with the rigours of coaching the Canadiens, probably was too delicious an opportunity to ignore.
“Claude Julien is an experienced and well respected coach with a good knowledge of the Montreal market,” Bergevin said in a released statement. “Claude has been very successful as an NHL coach and they won the Stanley Cup. Today we hired the best available coach, and one of the league's best. I am convinced that they have the capabilities to get our team back on the winning track.”
Perhaps the most headscratching aspect of this coaching move involves the Bruins.
When Boston defeated the Canadiens 4-0 on Sunday, it marked Therrien's final game behind the Canadiens bench. In the wake of the loss, the Habs asked permission from the Bruins to talk to Julien.
Why would the Bruins even consider doing that?
Why, oh why, would you grant your most bitter historical rivals — the Canadiens — the opportunity to scoop up one of the most respected bench bosses in the game, a proud man who will want to crush you for firing them just one week earlier?
Sure, Bruins president Cam Neely hasn't seen eye to eye with Julien in the past dating back to 2010 when then-GM Peter Chiarelli refused the suggestion of upper management to fire the coach. Even so, allowing Julien, a man who certainly has an axe to grind with the Boston hierarchy, to go to your biggest enemy is a questionable decision.
Back in 2003, the Habs fired Therrien and replaced them with Julien. On Tuesday, history repeated itself.
“I came to the conclusion that our team needed a new energy, a new voice, a new direction,” Bergevin said.
If Bergevin's decisions don't work out, ownership one day might be seeking a “new direction” — one that doesn't include him.
TEAMS TREADING WATER IN ATLANTIC DIVISION
Just how much is the NHL's Atlantic Division in turmoil?
When the Maple Leafs are considered one of the more stable outfits in the division, you know chaos reigns supreme.
Here's a quick breakdown:
* With the Montreal Canadiens having axed Michel Therrien Tuesday and replaced them with Claude Julien, half the teams in the Atlantic have fired coaches in the past 10 months, including the Habs (Therrien), Boston Bruins (Julien), Florida Panthers (Gerard Gallant) and Ottawa Senators (Dave Cameron). Tampa Bay is the only Atlantic Division team among the eight not to have made a coaching change in the past two years.
* The struggling Detroit Red Wings are in danger of having their remarkable run of 25 consecutive playoff appearances come to an end, not to mention having their beloved owner, Mike Ilitch, pass away last week.
* Among the pre-season favourites to win the Stanley Cup, the Lightning lost Steven Stamkos early in the season with a knee injury and started play Tuesday four points out of a wildcard spot.
* There are rumblings among disgruntled Sabres fans that Buffalo's rebuild is going slower than expected.
Other than that ...
mzeisberger@postmedia.com
twitter.com/zeisberger
A Culver's restaurant in Alpena, Michigan serves up a special side with your order.
A musical performance from Clyde Declouet.
"I'm happy. When I'm not happy I don't sing. When I am happy I sing,” Declouet said.
Customers said they bring life to the restaurant.
"One time they were singing this real goofy song and it just made everyone crack up. It was hilarious. usually you go to a fast food restaurant and its drap but no they brought a bit of liveliness here,” one man said.
Singing isn't something new to Declouet.
“I was just singing since I was a child,” they said.
Not only are the customers fans of their singing, their coworkers are, too.
"A lot of times we will just be working and they will bust out into song. Just randomly or they get asked to sing happy birthday or stuff like that. We don't usually do that here but customers ask for him. He's a favorite,” a coworker said.
It's not always about serving food. It's about having fun.
“I like doing it myself but when other people join in, it just makes it that much better. When people hear it they are like oh gosh everyone is singing,” Declouet said.
Beyond their part-time job, Declouet has high aspirations.
“I want to move to California and pursue a path in theatre out there,” they said.
Copyright 2017 CBS News / WBKB.? All rights reserved.
Source: ‘Moyo keen to divide Mugabe, Mnangagwa' – DailyNews Live
Tendai Kamhungira 15 January 2017
HARARE – Maverick business person-cum-politician Energy Mutodi is refusing to
hold back their withering criticism of President Robert Mugabe and Zanu PF
and here they speak to The Daily News On Sunday Deputy Chief Writer, Tendai
Kamhungira, about their views on the rumbling succession issue and the storm
caused by images of them with Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa holding a
coffee mug in what has become known as the “Cupgate”; below are the
excerpts of the interview.
Q: There has been a lot of noise about your presence at a party organised
by Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa at their rural home, can you clarify
how and why you attended the event?
A: What I know is that like any other government official, the VP has
always been having such meetings, not meetings per se but gatherings with
their friends for the New Year and Christmas. The VP did not personally
invite me to the event, I happened to be there, one may say I was invited
or not, I don't think anyone who was there got any written invitation to
confirm whether they had been invited or they had not been invited. But,
look, the bottom line is that there is nothing to go to town about
attending a Christmas event, a New Year's Eve celebration at a house that
belongs to a public official because they are my vice president, they are your
vice president, so there is nothing unusual. Even if an opposition member
was there, the MDC or whichever party, vice president Mnangagwa is the
vice president of the nation.
Q: You were involved in the so-called Cupgate saga, was this a planned
thing?
A: The explanation I got is that VP Mnangagwa got that coffee mug as a
present from their workers and honestly if someone in their own house gets a
present from their workers, they don't even know which closed present has
what item, they honestly opened and they saw that cup. It's just a mere cup.
Q: And were the pictures part of any plan to send a particular message?
A: Someone just took those pictures of me with the vice president without
any intention to express any statement or any message. It was just an
ordinary picture. That's not the only high profile picture that has been
taken between a citizen and a high profile figure. President Mugabe has
had pictures with (Wicknell) Chivayo, who has said a thing about that?
Because it is now Mnangagwa pictured with Mutodi, where is the enmity
coming from, where is the hate coming from? Am I not a citizen of
Zimbabwe? Is Mnangagwa not my vice president? Why should it matter to
someone if I am pictured with him? So you can only see that the concern is
coming from shallow-minded people who just want to create a storm in a tea
cup (literally).
Q: Now, other people went to town about the issue including Higher and
Tertiary Education minister Jonathan Moyo, what do you think could be the
reason why this coffee mug created so much noise?
A: Moyo is in the habit of creating divisions in the party and they are keen
to see a war between Mnangagwa and Mugabe. I have always reminded him,
quite often I always help them in discussions because we are in the same
Law School class, that there is nowhere they can go with factionalism, there
is nowhere they can go with trying to divide the nation.  They are on record
claiming that they wanted to destroy Zanu PF from within and any normal
person will tell you that they are actually doing that mission, starting with
the expulsion of (former Vice President Joice) Mujuru and 41 party
members, among them 16 or so ministers. That was not a joke. That issue
could have been solved within the party amicably and people could not have
been expelled in such large numbers but they are in the habit of divisive
politics and they have actually said it before that they wanted to see to it
that Zanu PF was destroyed from within. Right now, Mugabe has been
alienated from the people who liberated the country. They have been alienated
from the war veterans and when you look at it Mugabe has always been
saying good things about war veterans, respecting them about the good that
they did in delivering independence to this country.Now for you to be
alienated from the war veterans at such an old age, it means there is
someone who is working flat out to make sure that the party is divided and
will eventually lose at the elections.
Q: Are you claiming in a way that Jonathan Moyo wants Zanu PF to lose
elections?
A: Jonathan Moyo is the enemy of Zanu PF. The Bible says the one who you
eat with in the same plate is your biggest enemy and that is Jonathan for
you.  They are the Judas of Zanu PF; they don't want that party to succeed
because they have got grievances against the party that date back to the
1980s.
 They are not happy that the party continues to win elections, they have been in
and out of the party and for Mugabe to trust such a person, I am sure that
is the biggest blunder that the president has ever done.
Q: You are seen as a straight-talker when it comes to the Zanu PF
succession issue, as a party member how do you feel about the whole
situation?
A: I want to categorically state that the views that I project in the
media are my personal views and I believe being a Zanu PF member does not
take away my own personal opinion. I am a citizen of Zimbabwe, I have got
a right to pass any comment about public officials, be it the president,
be it the vice president, be it a minister, I have got that right. There
are decisions that are made by the party at congress, at conferences and
so on. I am not above those decisions but like I said it doesn't take away
my freedom to express my views. I am a frank person. If I like you, I like
you, if I don't like what you are doing I also tell you. I have written
“lavish” articles about Mugabe, I have written good articles about Zanu
PF but where I feel things are not right, I also express my views. So the
precedence I am just setting is that as citizens we must be guardians of
our own future. The fact that we have a president today does not mean we
are gonna (going to) have that president forever. We need to shape the
future through the views that we pass today, that's exactly what I am
doing.
Q: Do you support the war veterans' call for Mugabe to retire?
A: In the succession (issue) you will find that Mugabe and the whole
leadership must thank people who are talking about succession because
those people who are talking, have their views known but I can assure you
that 99 percent of Zanu PF members are of the view that Mugabe now needs
to rest. It won't be nice for Mugabe to be defeated in elections because
99 percent of their members in Zanu PF think that they are no longer suitable
to remain at the helm of the party. People really think that they need to
retire and allow for a successor to come. Now the war veterans are some of
the people who are talking about succession I thank them for that, for
being candid, realistic and for being honest.
Q: You openly support VP Mnangagwa, why do you think they are the heir
apparent?
A: I have offered my support for …Mnangagwa to be Mugabe's successor
because of so many reasons that include the fact that we need a smooth
transfer of power from the incumbent to the next leader and only Mnangagwa
can provide that smooth transition because they have been in the trenches
with the president, they know the strengths and the weaknesses of the
system, they know our enemies, they know our friends, they have got a strategy
to take this country forward, because they already know the past. For you
to take a country forward, you must know its history, so that's why I have
favoured them to be the next president.The other reason is that VP
Mnangagwa is a lawyer by profession; they will implement the rule of law if
they are elected the president. This country is now on its knees because of
corruption, because of economic mismanagement and incompetence of public
officials and as an experienced government official, a lawyer by
profession, they will be able to really turn around the fortunes of the
country for the better.The other reason why I say … Mnangagwa is a
better candidate is because we all know him. They have not been the
president, some people may want to accuse them of this and that,
Gukurahundi…and so on, they have never been the president of Zimbabwe. We
all know that it is only the president who has got the power over the army
and over the activities of Cabinet and whatever government arm, so why
should we say then Mnangagwa is responsible for the past of this country?
 They are also a calm character, quiet, patient, loyal, as they have shown
loyalty to Mugabe for the past 50 years, so what more do you want, what
kind of a person are we expecting?
Q: Do you think the VP is now ripe for presidency?
A: They have not yet done enough, what they now need to do is to make sure
that some of those people who are around him, who are closing them in and
saying you are our man; they must perhaps do away with those people to
create room for new people to come in to help them with their ambition, if
ever they have the ambition to be president. The VP can even work with First
Lady Grace Mugabe, and discuss the future with them There is nothing wrong
with that, they can even discuss with (Saviour) Kasukuwere. The VP now needs
to go for their perceived enemies. There are so many people around the VP,
some of them are not even educated, they are possessive of him, they want
to create an impression that they are where they are because of them, they must
kick those people away from him.
Q: Why do you think a member from the G40 must not take over from
Mugabe?
A: To be honest any takeover by Grace Mugabe will not be accepted by
Zimbabweans, not even a single Zimbabwean will accept that because it will
be taken as a continuation of Mugabe's government. You cannot transfer
power from yourself to another member of your family, that will be
regarded as a monarchy and it will be a disgrace to the democracy of this
country, and Mugabe has categorically said they will not transfer power to
their wife. Mugabe is not a naive person; they will not stoop so low to that
extent of transferring power to their wife, so that one is already out. Then
coming to Kasukuwere, Kasukuwere in their post as commissar, they have presided
over the disintegration of the party, what more if you give them a higher
responsibility, what are they going to do? Already as a political commissar
you have seen more than 300 cadres dismissed from the party. It means you
are a failure. You cannot get a higher post when you cannot perform at a
lower post. So definitely the so-called G40 has no candidate to take over
from Mugabe, there is no candidate whatsoever. We need a candidate who is
gonna guarantee our sovereignty, who is gonna guarantee our prosperity,
who is gonna guarantee our unity, that is not there in the G40.
Q: Are you not afraid of openly stating your views pertaining to the
succession issue?
A: I am not afraid of anything, I am not a coward. I am prepared to die
for my views. I am not afraid of anyone, I know some people will be
afraid, saying they are going too far, but no, that's not going too far,
that's being frank and candid. I should not be afraid.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
Trains will likely stop sounding their horns as they rumble through a half-mile stretch of Cardiff starting early next year, thanks to the establishment of Encinitas' first "quiet zone" along the railroad corridor.
Installation of the required safety equipment at Cardiff's Chesterfield Drive railroad crossing point is scheduled to be done before the end of January 2019. Once that work has been certified and the railroad operators have been notified, the city's first "quiet zone" will become official, engineering consultant Christy Villa told the Encinitas City Council Wednesday night.
Council members said they hoped eventually to have the city's entire 6-mile railroad corridor given the same train horn "quiet" status.
"It's a little shocking to me that it's taken as long as it has," Councilman Tony Kranz said as they discussed the city's years of work so far to get the trains to stop sounding their horns as they go through the city's various railroad crossing points.
In order to create a "quiet zone" and be exempt from a federal law that requires train engineers to start sounding their train's horn as they approach each crossing, cities must undergo a lengthy process. They need approvals from multiple government agencies, ranging from the state Public Utilities Commission to the Federal Railroad Administration, and they must make costly upgrades to railroad crossing points to improve safety conditions for vehicles and pedestrians
On Wednesday night, Councilman Joe Mosca said they wanted assurances that there was no chance the city might at the last minute fail to get certification for its Chesterfield quiet zone, saying Encinitas has found with some government agencies that a sure thing doesn't always turn out to be the case.
Gheorghe Rosca, the project manager, told them that the city has a set list of safety improvements it has been directed to make to the crossing point -- items that all of the participating agencies have agreed upon -- and at this point it's simply a matter of checking off the items on list.
"We're very confident that there will be no further requirements at Chesterfield for the investment the city has made this far," they said.
After getting the status report on the Chesterfield project, council members unanimously agreed Wednesday night to continue pursuing quiet zone status for the rest of the city's railroad corridor and even consider extending the zone into Carlsbad, if its officials are interested in doing a joint project.
Working with Carlsbad may be attractive, Villa told the Encinitas City Council as they discussed the options for designing quiet zones. Cities can pursue quiet zones for individual intersections or they can create "book-ended" ones, which begin at one railroad crossing point and end at another, often including several others in-between the two points, they said.
The new quiet zone at Chesterfield Drive will be intersection-based, and will extend for a quarter-mile both north and south of the intersection. However, that isn't the preferred method for handling the rest of the city's railroad corridor because it creates gaps, or areas between intersections where train horns would still sound off, Villa said.
They recommended a bookend approach, and the City Council ultimately agreed to have the southern "bookend" be at E Street, while the northern one could be either Leucadia Boulevard in northern Encinitas, or possibly at Carlsbad's Cannon Road intersection, if Carlsbad decides to join the effort.
Starting the zone at E Street would leave a 1.5-mile gap between this quiet zone and the Chesterfield one, but the only way to link the two is to combine them into one big project and delay Chesterfield's certification, Villa said, mentioning that cities aren't allowed to have overlapping quiet zones.
Council members said they didn't want to do anything to postpone the Chesterfield project, which has been years in the making. Kranz noted that it's now estimated to cost $12 million to do all the safety improvements to the city's other crossing points to make them qualify for quiet zone status, and said, "I would not be inclined to hold up the quiet zone for Chesterfield" while the city finds the funding for the larger project and then does the construction work.
Henry is a reporter for the San Diego Union-Tribune.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Minister for Interior, Chaudhry Nisar
Ali Khan Wednesday awarded cash prizes and commendation certificates to two officers of Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) for their outstanding performance.
Assistant Director FIA, Aman Ullah Khan and Sub Inspector,
Mohsin Waheed received cash rewards Rs 100,000 each along with
commendation certificates.
Aman Ullah Khan played a leading role in recovery of Rs 1.47
a billion from various oil marketing companies.
The amount had been recovered and deposited in national
exchequer in on going recovery campaign of the FIA launched on
directives of the interior minister.
Similarly, Sub Inspector Mohsin Waheed showed outstanding
performance during year 2016.
Chaudhry Nisar appreciated the officers and said awards should be served to motivate them to further improve their performance and inspire their colleagues to win such recognition by dint of their hard work and commitment.
I came over to say “hi” to my mom who has Alzheimer's and found them standing on the corner. Mom said they were on their way to the corner store. There is no store close by! Is this the wandering I feared? No WanderlustMost people have heard of dementia and wandering. Wandering is a complicated concept, as it is a term that conjures up someone aimlessly walking around and potentially getting into trouble. The latter part is true, it is potentially dangerous, but it often happens for a reason.Wandering is often a product of a person with dementia who is not able to express their needs or communicate desires in an appropriate manner. In some academic circles, the term is not accepted since it implies lack of purpose.There are many reasons for wandering, one of which is having too much energy. A solution for that is regular exercise and activity. Loss of memory means that someone may set off to go somewhere, like the store, and forget where they wanted to go. Some people wander when placed in a new environment, such as a day centre or a nursing home, where things appear unfamiliar and they are searching for familiarity. Related to that type of wandering is someone who is searching for someone — or something — from their past, like a deceased loved one or a place that they recall fondly. Remember, long-term memories are more likely to be maintained in dementia. Searching for a parent or a sibling who has passed can occur. Article Continued BelowPain can also result in people wandering. It is important to note uncomfortable clothes, heat, rashes or basic signals like being thirsty or hungry. These signals may be difficult to identify, because communicating thirst or hunger is not always obvious; but consider these factors, too. As well, it is possible that boredom, fear and agitation can all trigger wandering. These may be expressions of emotions that the person is not able to share with you. Curiosity is another culprit. Following an interesting sound, sight or situation can lead one on a hunt; some individuals wander in search of home, which may not be a structure, but rather a place that may represent comfort. At this point, you may feel it is really a hopeless situation to deal with, but truthfully, the most salient point is to ensure that mom's routine and environment are set up to maximize their safety. A Medicalert registration and bracelet is a must upon diagnosis of Alzheimer's or any type of dementia. It is unclear when wandering may occur and it often happens out of the blue. Look out for patterns such as leaving to “go to work” at the same time or a time of day where agitation is displayed. Regular engaging activity, exercise and stimulation also work well. Exploration is fine if the location is safe. Camouflaging doors, scenic pictures on exits (to distract) and removing cues like coats and shoes can help. Placing a door alarm or chimes on doors and using a room monitor can be invaluable. Extra-low sliding locks and doorknob covers can also be useful, but only if a caregiver is around for emergency unlocking.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. (AP)  Republican member of congress Dana Rohrabacher says a 71-year-old staffer was knocked unconscious Tuesday during an anti-Trump gathering at their Huntington Beach office.
A statement says district director Kathleen Staunton fell and hit their head Tuesday when a protester yanked open a door as they were leaving the office. They reportedly are taken to a hospital.
But a member of the group Indivisible 48 says it didn't happen that way.
Aaron McCall says members were slipping Valentine's Day cards under the closed office door when a staffer suddenly opened it, hitting a 2-year-old girl, then slipped on the cards and fell down.
Advertisement
McCall says the woman never lost consciousness and was helped inside by another staffer.
The girl wasn't hurt.
Police came but there were no arrests.
PESHAWAR, Pakistan (Reuters) - At least 11 soldiers were killed and 13 wounded on Saturday in a suicide attack near an army base in northern Pakistan, officials said, in a region that was once controlled by a local faction of the Taliban.
Attacks have decreased sharply in the picturesque Swat Valley but can cause alarm in a region where Pakistani Taliban insurgents took partial control in 2007, before being ousted two years later in a major military operation hailed as an important blow against Islamist violence.
Swat was the first sizeable region outside Pakistan's lawless tribal regions bordering Afghanistan to fall to the militants. More than 2,000 Taliban fighters have been driven out of the region, government officials say.
The Pakistan Army's public relations wing said in a statement that the “suicide attack” in the Swat Valley took place at the “army unit sports area”.
“The soldiers were playing volleyball in the evening outside the military base...when a suicide bomber managed to blow themselves up,” said a security official who asked not to be identified.
The match was also being watched by civilians, and the casualty count could rise as a large number of people had gathered in the area, they said, adding that wounded were being shifted to a nearby military hospital.
The attack was claimed by the Tehreek-e-Taliban, also known as the Pakistani Taliban, in a statement sent to the media.
“God willing Tehreek-e-Taliban has started the process of revenge attacks,” Taliban spokesperson Mohammad Khurasani said in the statement. “Wait for more (attacks) to follow.”
The military has been on alert for signs of a Taliban resurgence as it seeks to rebuild civilian institutions and win over the local population as a bulwark against radical ideology.
Since being chased out the region, the Taliban have carried out revenge attacks against anti-militancy activists and attempted to extort money from business owners in a region where Pakistan has stationed more than 4,000 soldiers.
Pakistan's Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi condemned the attack.
“No cowardly attack can deter us in pursuing our struggle against the menace of terrorism to its logical conclusion. We will continue our fight till the last trace is rooted out,” the prime minister said in a statement.
Here at TechCrunch, we tend to pay close attention to the earnings reports of the big companies. And for good reason! It gives us some insight into major technology trends and some signals that can help us not only predict what products are going to be around in a few years (not mentioning any names), but also directionally what kinds of startups might be successful.
But!
Sometimes these reports can be dull. And sometimes these reports can be quite boring and fall directly in-line with what Wall Street and everyone else expects. We have a couple new entries this quarter like Snap, but since we're here, we might as well have a little bit of fun. So we're going to set out some of the odds of some of the fun, stupid and interesting things that might happen this earnings season.
NOTE: WE ARE NOT GOING TO PAY OUT THESE BETS. WE DON'T HAVE THE MONEY OR RESOURCES. OUR PARENT COMPANY JUST BOUGHT YAHOO FOR SOME REASON.
Twitter
Anything bad happens because it's 4 A.M.: 3/2
Jack Dorsey says he's still running both companies: 3/1
Twitter's ad business shrinks: 2/1
Twitter talks about its great new executive team: 5/1
More Twitter layoffs: 50/1
Jack Dorsey accidentally calls Twitter “Square” and has to apologize: 25/1
Square shares go up after Twitter falls for some reason: 3/2
Apple
Apple grows revenue and/or iPhone sales: 5/1
Over/under on “Customer Sat” mentions on the earnings call: 3
Apple breaks out Apple Watch numbers: 100/1
Apple services revenue breaks $9 billion: 10/1
Self-driving car mention: 15/1
Tim Cook says services revenue will be “size of a fortune 100 company” in 2016: 3/1
Someone mentions augmented reality: 15/1
Apple stock rises more than 3%: 7/1
Over/under on number of Qualcomm lawsuit mentions (analyst or otherwise): 3
An Apple executive actually names Qualcomm on the call: 7/1
Greater China revenue shrinks: 4/1
Someone says something about the Apple car: 15/1
Apple TV is called a “hobby”: 25/1
Alphabet
Line on Other Bets loss: $900M
Larry Page shows up to earnings call: 40/1
The Waymo lawsuit is mentioned in some fashion: 20/1
Someone actually mentions Uber by name: 50/1
Alphabet breaks out cloud revenue: 25/1
Alphabet cost-per-click grows: 50/1
Alphabet declares a regular dividend: 3/2
Alphabet shares go up more than 3%: 6/1
Someone mentions currency fluctuations: 7/1
Yahoo
Yahoo discloses another hack: 25/1
Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg says something about their USA tour: 3/2
Instagram is fully broken out: 100/1
Analysts ask about fake news: 5/1
User growth stalls completely: 50/1
A Facebook executive actually addresses fake news: 15/1
The number of stories posted to Instagram is mentioned: 3/2
Someone says anything about GIFs: 10/1
Facebook stock goes up by 3%: 8/1
Snap
Snap somehow discloses some number that's beating Instagram: 50/1
A Snap executive actually mentions Instagram by name: 75/1
A Snap executive actually answers the inevitable question regarding Instagram Stories DAUs with some clarity: 45/1
Snap actually beats expectations enough to warrant its current revenue multiple: 25/1
Snap announces some new corporate governance method to share control with public investors: haha yeah right
Snap stock goes up by 3%: 4/1
Snap breaks out Spectacles revenue: 10/1
Microsoft
Microsoft discloses last quarter's Windows Phone sales: 100/1
Microsoft breaks out Surface Studio sales numbers: 75/1
Microsoft breaks out Azure-specific run rate: 25/1
Google Cloud or AWS is actually mentioned: 30/1
Satya Nadella quotes some poetry: 35/1
Microsoft shares go up 3% or more: 9/1
IBM
Some ominous mention or signal of additional future layoffs: 5/1
Netflix
Netflix somehow beats expectations for domestic subscriber growth: 7/1
Netflix original series The 3% is mentioned: 8/1 (great show by the way)
Over/under on 2017's content spend if mentioned: $6.5 billion
Iron Fist is mentioned by an executive or analyst: 5/1
Amazon
Amazon actually breaks out Kindle sales numbers in absolute terms: 15/1
Amazon makes money by some accident: 5/1
AWS hits a $12B annual run rate: 8/1
Amazon shares go up at least 3%: 3/1
Media is mentioned for some reason: 4/1
An Amazon executive mentions the number of Alexa skills: 3/2
Over/under on number of Alexa skills if mentioned: 7,000
Box
Box returns to negative free cash flow: 5/1
Over/under on mentions of “cohort analysis” during earnings call: 2
Box stock goes up 3% or more: 6/1
Verizon
Verizon apologizes for calling it “Oath”: 100/1
TechCrunch shoutout: 200/1 (come on Tim!)
Paypal
PayPal's stock goes up 3% or more for some reason: 4/1
PayPal actually has some breakout of Venmo: 5/1 (💪💪💪)
Qualcomm
Apple is actually mentioned by name with regards to the pending lawsuit: 15/1
Over/under on number of mentions or questions regarding the Apple lawsuit: 5
Fitbit
Fitbit's market cap falls below GoPro after its report: 3/2
Over/under on gratuitous vanity metrics mentioned: 7
Tesla
Tesla is GAAP profitable: 7/1
Tesla actually beats expectations for car shipments: 5/1
Tesla says it will raise more money with a stock sale: 25/1
Discussion concerning the raising of new external capital: 5/1
Over/under for the number of analyst questions regarding SolarCity: 4
Pandora
Someone says Pandora is “exploring strategic options”: 5/1
Cisco
Something interesting enough that's worth mentioning happens: 50/1
GoPro
GoPro's stock hits another all-time low: 7/1
Something dumb happens: 3/1
Square
Another minor beat: 3/1
Be sure to check out TechCrunch in the coming weeks for its coverage of earnings for major tech companies.
Alex Wilhelm, editor-in-chief of Crunchbase News, contributed to this post.
Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images
GULFPORT, Miss. (AP)  A Mississippi high school student who dyed their hair pink was suspended for violating the district's dress code policy.
Timothy Jenkins is a first-year student at Gulfport High School. They tell WLOX-TV (http://bit.ly/2lGj5uf) that 250 classmates have signed a petition to change the requirement that hair be a natural-looking color.
A statement from the district says dress code policies are reviewed annually and are handled openly in a process that includes business leaders, parents, students and educators.
Jenkins says they got multiple warnings before their suspension, with school officials saying it distracted other students.
Advertisement
Their mother, Sheryl Jenkins, says the policy infringes on their rights and their right as a parent to decide what's best for them child.
They have since returned their hair to its natural black color.
___
Information from: WLOX-TV, http://www.wlox.com
Winter is coming…and so is the Knights of the Tempest Winter Show Spectacular with bold steeds, mounted games, whip tricks, sword fighting, and laughs and gasps! The exciting show takes place at 7 p.m., Saturday, December 16, at the Oasis Equestrian Center, 2024 N. Whitcomb Street, Fort Collins, a heated indoor arena with seating. Tickets are $10 presale; $15 at door. See the Facebook event at https://facebook.com/events/134190320570912/ for details. For more about the Knights of the Tempest troupe, including how you, too, can learn medieval horseback games, visit https://knightsofthetempest.com/
Giants 101 provides 24/7 obsessive sports coverage of the New York Giants as a part of Sports Media 101 . For news, op/ed, game reviews, team updates and even rumors you will find all of it on Giants 101. Have an opinion - join the discussion and drop a comment. If it's about the Giants, it's on Giants 101.
Time to eat my words. Two years ago, I said the real reason there's no Jeep pickup is this: A Jeep and a pickup are the same thing. I was wrong. The JL Wrangler Pickup is apparently a sure thing, although I'll believe the existence of a two-door version when I see it in showrooms.
Let's assume for a moment that Jeep will start by selling a four-door Wrangler with a 6.5 foot bed, pretty much like all the mules that have been spotted running around. Where will the volume for this vehicle originate? And how much of that volume will there be?
Nelson (New Zealand)
Ninety-somethings from Kane Williamson and Neil Broom ensured New Zealand whitewashed Bangladesh with a crushing eight-wicket victory in the third ODI in Nelson. Their fluent 179-run stand, which came after Martill Guptill had retired hurt on 6 because of a hamstring strain, helped the hosts ace their chase of 237 with 52 balls to spare.
New Zealand were also aided by poor shot selection from Bangladesh, who suffered a collapse of 7 for 77 after opting to bat on a slow surface. After Tamim Iqbal and Imrul Kayes put on 102 for the first wicket, their middle and lower order fell away. That the visitors lasted 50 overs and reached 236 for 9 was down to rookie Nurul Hasan's cameo of 44 off 39 balls.
Mustafizur Rahman then trapped Tom Latham in front in their first over, and Bangladesh might have sensed an opening when Guptill retired hurt for 6 at the start of the third over in the chase.
Imrul Kayes, an iffy choice at slip, then dropped a dolly and reprieved Broom on 0. Broom and Williamson combined to slam the doors on Bangladesh. After playing out a few quiet overs, Williamson kick-started the chase when they struck Shakib Al Hasan for back-to-back fours through point in the 10th over. Four overs later, the New Zealand captain lofted Shakib for a straight six.
Taskin Ahmed wasn't spared either and was taken for back-to-back fours. Williamson moved to their fifty off 56 balls and continued to pepper the point boundary.
Broom, meanwhile, reached their fifty off 66 balls. They profited from pulls, drives, and sweeps and raced towards a second successive century. They moved into the nineties with a pulled four, but fell three shorts of a century when they were caught by Mashrafe at gully off Mustafizur in the 35th over.
With them needing six to reach their ninth ODI hundred and the team three for the series sweep, Williamson took a single off the first ball of the 42nd over before Jimmy Neesham completed the win with a four over mid-on.
Broom had sparkled on the field earlier in the day. They ran back from short third man and pulled off a stunning one-handed catch to send Imrul Kayes back for 44 off 62 balls. Luke Ronchi, the wicketkeeper, took a good catch and effected a crucial run out of Shakib, while Jeetan Patel, playing their first ODI after more than seven years, also made their presence felt with a fine running catch at long-off.—Agencies
Boston Red Sox starter Brian Johnson left Wednesday night's game against the Philadelphia Phillies in the third inning with discomfort in their left shoulder.
They will be re-evaluated on Friday in Boston.
Johnson said they started to feel tightness during warm-ups and came out of the game as a precaution. After two strong innings, Johnson lost a lot of velocity on their pitches, leading to the Phillies' only offensive outburst of the game in the third inning.
Right-hander Hector Velazquez, who had been recalled prior to the game, was pressed into emergency duty when Johnson left. After getting hammered in their first major league appearance in May, Velazquez was solid against the Phillies, allowing just one hit and two walks in 3⅓ scoreless innings and earning their first big league victory as the Red Sox won 7-3.
Johnson is 2-0 with a 4.29 ERA for the Red Sox this year.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
For ten months, covert “attacks of an unknown nature” have caused a variety of injuries to at least 22 U.S. employees at U.S. diplomatic residences and hotels in Havana. The U.S. government has issued a travel warning on Cuba, pulled out all nonessential personnel and families (suspending all visa issuance in Havana), and requested, in reciprocity, that Cuba pare down its embassy in Washington by recalling 15 of its “diplomats,” most of whom are known to be spies.
Analysts and former regime officials who know the 59-year-long Castro regime well — including two top defectors from Cuban intelligence — believe the “sonic attacks,” as these are known, could only have been deliberate and ordered at the highest level. Speculation that third countries or a rogue faction of Cuba's intelligence services are to blame overlooks the nature of Cuba's totalitarian system, its massive security apparatus, and the 24–7 intensive surveillance on all U.S. staff in Cuba. Had Russia, for instance, provided technology or in any way been involved, it could only have been in sync with Cuba.
If the attacks were deliberate, understanding Cuba's current situation points to the likely motive: provoking a reaction that will resuscitate the idea of the U.S. as menacing “empire.” That different kinds of methods were apparently used, and that five Canadian diplomats were also targeted, would be meant to confuse, a core element of the cover story. Despite good relations between Canada and Cuba, Canadian diplomats have — like their U.S. peers — endured historic harassment by Cuban counterintelligence.
The scheme would have been intended to throw a sledgehammer at the détente with the U.S. that generated high and unmet expectations among the Cuban population while precluding the quintessential “external threat” excuse. Most important, it would provide Cuba a justification to rescind agreements made during the Obama and Clinton administrations to take back Cuban émigrés returned by the U.S.; this would set the stage to unleash a migration crisis — another favored stratagem of the Castros. A rupture with the U.S. would also distract from mounting internal repression and a bogus “transition” process while obscuring the rollback of “reforms” that began soon after Obama's trip in March 2016.
Consistent rhetoric from regime apologists focuses on the “mysteries” surrounding the puzzling incidents and gives Cuba a way out. That Raúl Castro and top officials of their infamously criminal and prevaricating dictatorship have denied Cuba's involvement only adds to the ruse. Because the crime scenes are in Cuba and long sanitized, evidence of perpetrators or weapons will not be found; blaming the U.S. for the souring of relations is easy.
Let's scan the stage for all this. In 2015, Raúl Castro announced that they would retire from the presidency in February 2018 in the context of a much-touted “updating of the model.” The plan was centered on a sham electoral process allowing non–Communist Party, “independent,” candidates; it sought to elicit added international political and economic support and insert Cuba into a more convenient neo-Communist model of “electoral dictatorship” — in line with Venezuela, Bolivia, Ecuador, and Nicaragua. But, the plan has been gradually dialed back following a succession of dramatic changes in Cuba's external situation that made the rapprochement with the U.S. dangerously inconvenient.
Economic crisis has always led the Cuban regime to repress more to maintain control.
Conditions in the sister-republic of Venezuela tanked, leading to diminishing economic sustenance for Cuba. Ibero-American integration under Cuban-Venezuelan “21st-century socialism” further weakened as key allies/benefactors lost power in Argentina (December 2015) and Brazil (September 2016). The latter was particularly damaging, as Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff had delivered over $1.5 billion in generous “loans” and had arranged for $400 million in annual payments for Cuban health workers in Brazil. A center-right government gained power in Peru (June 2016) and one is poised to do so in Chile this November. In Colombia, the peace agreement paving Cuba-friendly FARC's rise to power had to be rammed through Congress after President Santos lost a plebiscite (October 2016). Angola, another Cuba-backer struggling with depressed oil revenues, has been owing Cuba millions for Cuba's 4,000 workers there. All of the above has led to a contraction in “export services” — a unique form of modern slavery that has been Cuba's leading source of revenue since 2005. Alternative outlets for its indentured workers and new patrons for its parasitic economy are proving harder to find.
Economic crisis has always led the Cuban regime to repress more to maintain control. The dire recent turn of events has called for a desperate Cold War revival. Although reports vary on the timing, it appears that the attacks began right after Donald Trump's election as U.S. president last November. This would have only heightened Cuba's urgency to act. Two more incidents this August, and coinciding leaks to the media, would have been intended to elicit the expected reaction from the “yanquis.”
Cuba knows how to design these “active measures,” learned from its KGB mentors and perfected over decades. The risks of the “sonic plot” would have been carefully calculated, something both Raúl Castro and Cuba's intelligence apparatus are good at. A cohesive Cuban leadership is long experienced in dealing with a U.S. government busy with other domestic and international priorities. It counts on holdovers from the Obama administration bent on “normalization” at all costs and policy wonks lacking a deep understanding of the regime's history or true nature. Finally, it bets on factions of the U.S. establishment pushing for appeasement, convinced that mass migration is the only threat from Cuba.
Cuba's leaders have been emboldened by 59 years of taking advantage of the U.S. and getting away with numerous egregious aggressions against our interests and security. Cuba harbors hundreds of fugitives from U.S. justice, refuses our criminal deportees, has executed, murdered, and disappeared at least 21 Americans, and has even experimented with torture techniques on our POWs in Vietnam. Its leaders gloat at having defeated the U.S. at the Bay of Pigs, in Angola, and elsewhere. In turn, and despite soft sanctions, U.S.-based assistance to Cuba is over $6 billion a year, and since 1994, at least 20,000 Cubans have been admitted annually under a quota agreed with the Castros. We also send Cuba over half a million visitors a year and are one of its main providers of agricultural imports. What's more, the U.S. has long accepted that Cuba dictate the terms and conditions of the relationship. U.S. businesses, news bureaus, and even our embassy (formerly our Interests Section) must hire all local personnel from a Cuban state entity that offers mostly — or only — well-trained spies or intelligence collaborators.
A lack of robust responses to Cuba's transgressions from previous Democrat and Republican administrations would have fueled Cuba's expectations that a U.S. reaction would skip meaningful consequences. It can count on a politically influential Cuban-American community to oppose any measures that hurt the Cuban people and on vested U.S. business interests to push back on sanctions. To guide the narrative, it relies on its massive and long-running investments in propaganda and influence, exerted in the U.S. by thousands of agents and collaborators (in government, academia, media, etc.).
To date, it appears that the Trump administration has avoided playing into Cuba's hands. Its tone has been restrained and its measures consequential, the opposite of what Cuba would have wanted. Caught off guard, but on cue, Cuban officials have lashed out in full fury — blaming “the empire” for spoiling relations and even suggesting the attacks have been fabricated. If an ensuing and comprehensive Cuba policy reflects the nature, history, and current predicament of the Cuban dictatorship, this administration might finally outfox the old Communists at their game.
— Maria Werlau is the director of the nonprofit Cuba Archive project and a consultant in Cuban affairs.
Annemarie Bain sent us this photo of John Bianco in their Stearman doing a fly-over at Bayport Aerodrome (23N) in New York. They explain it is one photo made up of several frames called image stacking.
To some travelers, “vacation” means laying on a tropical beach or staying in an urban hotel, and there's nothing wrong with that. But the start of a new year is time to think outside the box and start planning trips that help you both unwind and grow as a person. In 2017, and for years to come, do yourself a favor and get creative with the types of trips you take. Of course, we don't always have the time or finances available for regular getaways. But many of these unique trip ideas cost less than your typical beach break, which makes them easier to get on the calendar. Which not-so-average experience will you have in 2017? 1 A solo trip joeyful via Getty Images Solo travel stretches you in ways that companion travel won't. Choose a destination where you feel safe but are still outside your comfort zone, and enjoy the rush of self-confidence along with new friends. 2 An ancestry trip Travelpix Ltd via Getty Images Do you know where your family is from? Find out, then plan a journey to wherever that may be. If possible, ask relatives for personalized guides to their hometowns before you go. 3 A last-minute flight trip Creatas via Getty Images There are plenty of ways to find cheap last-minute flights, but are you willing to drop what you're doing and take advantage? Block a few days out on your calendar, then let an app like Get The Flight Out choose your destination at the last minute. 4 A digital detox Martin Valigursky via Getty Images Try life with no phone, no computer and no TV for just a few days, to see what your creative mind does on its own. Of course, this is easier if you travel someplace where service is scarce. If an exotic island isn't in the cards, the small town down the highway works just fine. 5 A long-distance trek Lidija Kamansky via Getty Images A trek is the ultimate way to clear your head, build quiet confidence and maybe even get a better picture of what you want to do with your life. Consider the Pacific Crest Trail in the U.S. and the Camino de Santiago in Spain for starters. 6 A homestay or couchsurfing trip Granger Wootz via Getty Images There's no better way to understand a city than by living day-to-day life with the locals. Stay with a friend in their hometown, see if your destination has a homestay program, or couchsurf for free to get a taste of what it's like to “do life” somewhere completely new. 7 A snorkel or dive trip Colin Anderson via Getty Images Research shows that preparing for a trip boosts happiness more than the journey itself. Work toward your scuba license at home, and then head to one of the world's best dive spots. 8 A volunteer trip franckreporter via Getty Images Strong relationships, cultural understanding and a sense of accomplishment are just a few benefits of doing something valuable with your time away. Use a site like Go Overseas to find opportunities vetted by trustworthy travelers. 9 A U.S. road trip James O'Neil via Getty Images Too often, we take our country's huge variety of adventures for granted. Whether it's a trip to every national park, driving through the South or to 48 states in one fell swoop, a road trip is the hilarious journey you'll never forget. 10 A staycation Morsa Images via Getty Images It's rare that we drop everything, forget our chores and simply enjoy our hometowns. A staycation — think dinner parties, movie marathons and long, quiet days of reading — is an easy, cheap way to relax and reset. 11 A river cruise ake1150sb via Getty Images While ocean cruises stop at major ports after long stretches at sea, river cruising lets you see lesser-known sites with much less lag time in between. River cruise boats are often smaller than ocean liners, letting you get to know everyone on board as you float down the Amazon or through Budapest. 12 A wine tasting trip gilaxia via Getty Images Besides the obvious benefit of copious sipping, a wine tasting trip can serve to bring old friends or family closer together: Nothing spurs conversation quite like a shared table, good cheese and endless hours without a care in the world.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT. Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from The Eunice News. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
Deep inside a brick-walled soundstage on a chilly March day in Queens, Marti Noxon is starting a revolution.
The veteran showrunner-director is hip-deep in filming the finale of their new AMC drama “Dietland,” one of two high-profile series Noxon is shepherding this year, along with HBO's Amy Adams-starrer “Sharp Objects.”
Based on the 2015 novel by Sarai Walker, “Dietland” is a satirical call to arms, as inventive and out there as it is provocative and irreverent. It turns on issues of female empowerment, body-image concerns, rape culture and the rising level of organization as women demand equity in boardrooms and bedrooms. These topics have been in the headlines for months, although not nearly so much when Noxon first chased after the book rights two years ago.
There probably won't be much indifference to the Skydance Entertainment/AMC Studios production when “Dietland” premieres on June 4. People are either going to love it or hate it.
CREDIT: SHAYAN ASGHARNIA
“I love that ‘Dietland' is a reach. It's a bold show. It's a daring show,” says David Madden, president of original programming for AMC, SundanceTV and AMC Studios. “You shouldn't be making anything but bold and daring in this environment.”
In Noxon's view, “Dietland” posits “the classic question of a revolution — does it require violence and a real threat to the ruling class to keep change moving forward? Should women arm themselves?” they explain. “We deal with the beauty industry and how beauty and violence are linked. The violence we see against women is related to the violence we do to ourselves looking for an ever-moving target, that ideal of beauty that will make us lovable and precious.”
The series, which stars newcomer Joy Nash and Julianna Margulies, takes an absurdist view of what the show dubs the “dissatisfaction industry profitability machine,” or the cultural pressure exerted on women who are not naturally rail-thin and drop-dead gorgeous. The revolutionary part comes in the storyline, which Noxon freely admits is a “feminist revenge fantasy” that asks why women don't fight back — with violence — when faced with sexual harassment and assault.
“I want to make ‘Fight Club' for women,” they quip.
Back in late March, as the day's work at Broadway Stages on the border of Queens and Brooklyn wears on into the afternoon, and with only a few days of principal photography left to go on Season 1, Noxon's focus is a tender love scene in bed between Nash and actor Adam Rothenberg. Juggling directing and showrunning duties, the petite Noxon — clad in a loose gray sweatshirt and baggy green sweatpants — takes a moment in the sanctity of video village, rocking on their heels and sipping a Red Bull while their actors get over a giggle fit and work out some positioning issues.
After a beat, Noxon bounds onto the bedroom set to give them stars a few pointers. “All right, you silly monkeys, let's do this,” they say with a wide smile. Nash looks as if she's about to lose it all over again, but a deep breath brings them back into scene mode.
The actor plays Plum Kettle, a large woman who is miserable and inhibited in every aspect of their life as they pursue the elusive goal of weight loss. They work as a ghostwriter for Margulies' Kitty Montgomery, the high-strung editor of Daisy Chain, a fashion and beauty magazine based in New York City. Plum is recruited by a band of feminist assassins — led by the heiress to a weight-loss pyramid scheme — who embark on a protest murder spree of prominent men accused of sexual misconduct, and worse.
Walking around the set, it's impossible not to notice the number of women working on the show, from crew members to the DP, Alison Kelly. Noxon had to invent a few male characters not in the book to bring a little balance to the gender equation.
“I like men,” they say. “I really didn't want the show to reflect a world where men weren't a part of this struggle.” Behind the scenes, Noxon has long worked to open doors for women on the set, particularly in nontraditional areas like cinematography and crew positions. “It was my first time ever working with a female DP,” Margulies notes.
All told, “Dietland” has been a consuming passion for Noxon. Even as they juggled other demanding projects, they directed the first two of the series' 10-episode order as well as the finale.
“This is really Marti unleashed,” says AMC's Madden. “This is Marti bringing all of their experience to bear and putting it all into these characters. This show needed that level of a personal commitment. This is their unique voice.”
Noxon, in turn, credits AMC and Skydance with giving them the freedom to deliver the show they set out to make, with all its unconventional trappings.
“I've never had a better experience,” they say, citing the support of Madden, AMC/SundanceTV chief Charlie Collier and Susie Fitzgerald, exec VP of scripted programming for AMC/SundanceTV. “They really understood the show I pitched. The times that Susie challenged me, they were always right on.”
A graduate of the “Buffy the Vampire Slayer” school, Noxon has expertly surfed the Peak TV wave to become one of the industry's most prolific and in-demand showrunners. In the past few years they have launched several distinctive series: Bravo's “Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce,” Lifetime's “UnReal,” CBS' “Code Black” and HBO's “Sharp Objects,” which premieres a month after “Dietland” on July 8. Last year they made their feature directorial debut with the Netflix drama “To the Bone.”
Tamara Tunie (left) plays a fashion editor who teams up with Nash.
Noxon's experience as a writer-producer ranges from “Mad Men” to “Grey's Anatomy” to “Prison Break.” They chased the TV adaptation rights to “Dietland” because they knew it was a remarkable engine for a series to examine empowerment and gender-justice issues that they have sought to illuminate in their work. “Two years ago it was mind-blowing for me to ask the question, ‘Why don't women fight back more?'” they say. “It's amazing to me to be here two years later and see what's going on with #MeToo and Time's Up and everything.”
But “Dietland” delivers its powerful punch in a surreal style — with frequent use of animation, flashbacks and other fantasy sequences. Characters break the fourth wall in unexpected ways — for one, we meet Margulies' Kitty when their photograph on the Daisy Chain website starts talking to the audience. Plum's inner life and outward shyness (at first) are telegraphed with all manner of sight gags and creative flourishes.
“Plum's story is so internal — I wanted to find ways to bring them inside voice out into a visual language,” Noxon says. They grudgingly credit President Trump for inspiring them to go for it. “The surrealism in the show has only gotten more intense because of him.”
Jerusalem
Israel says its warplanes have hit a target belonging to the Palestinian resistance movement of Hamas in the northern Gaza Strip.
The attack took place on Friday against “a Hamas observation post,” AFP reported, citing an Israeli military statement. The spot hit was situated near the city of Beit Hanoun in the coastal enclave's extreme northeast.
No casualties have been reported so far, but the offensive inflicted damage to some residential structures. The agency cited local resident Mohamed Abu Jarad as saying that they and their family had been forced to flee their home after the aircraft released two missiles onto the ground target.
The report said the strike had come hours after a rocket was allegedly fired at Israel from Gaza. Israel has launched several wars on the Palestinian coastal sliver, the last of which began in early July 2014. The military aggression, which ended on August 26, 2014, killed nearly 2,200 Palestinians.
Over 11,100 others were also wounded in the war. The Gaza Strip has been under an Israeli siege since June 2007. The blockade has caused a decline in the standards of living as well as unprecedented levels of unemployment and unrelenting poverty.—Agencies
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hudson Bay Capital Management LP :
* HUDSON BAY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LP‍ REPORTS A 9.99 PERCENT PASSIVE STAKE IN ALTIMMUNE, INC​ AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2017 - SEC FILING Source text for Eikon: [bit.ly/2nwUAiB] Further company coverage:
Universal Filmed Entertainment has agreed to buy a minority stake in Steven Spielberg's Amblin Partners. As part of the deal, the studio's chairperson Jeff Shell will join the Amblin board.
Universal joins a group of investors in the film and television company that includes Participant Media, Reliance Entertainment, Entertainment One (eOne), and Alibaba Pictures. Universal became the distributor of Amblin films in 2015. The company had previously been housed at Disney, releasing hits like “Lincoln,” but also a string of misfires that included “Need for Speed,” “The Fifth Estate,” and last summer's box office disaster “The BFG,” which Spielberg also directed.
Universal did not disclose the size of the investment. A source close to the deal said that the studio never saw the alliance as a straight distribution deal. It always saw the pact with Amblin as a financial partnership, but working out the specifics took longer than expected.
“We are big believers in Amblin Partners and its proven ability to create the kind of quality films that appeal to broad, global audiences,” said Shell in a statement with Vice Chairman Ron Meyer and Chairman Donna Langley.
“Steven is a genius and has always been part of our family, as well as an incredible partner to Universal. We are thrilled to become strategic investors in the company that he, Michael [Wright] and Jeff are committed to growing.”
Spielberg has a long association with Universal. They came of age on the studio lot and many of their seminal works, such as “Schindler's List,” “Jaws,” and “Jurassic Park” have made their way to theaters bearing Universal's signature Earth-adorned logo.
Last fall, Universal released Amblin's “The Girl on the Train,” a box office hit, and the companies also scored a modest success with “A Dog's Purpose,” a family film.
Trying times in Menlo Park, it seems: Amid assaults from all quarters largely focused on privacy, Facebook is shifting some upper management around to better defend itself. Its head of policy in the U.S., Erin Egan, is returning to their chief privacy officer role, and a VP (and former FCC chairperson) is taking their spot.
Kevin Martin, until very recently VP of mobile and global access policy, will be Facebook's new head of policy. They were hired in 2015 for that job; they were at the FCC from 2001 to 2009, Chairman for the last four of those years. So whether you liked their policies or not, they clearly know their way around a roll of red tape.
Erin Egan was chief privacy officer when Martin was hired, and at that time also took on the role of U.S. head of policy. “For the last couple years, Erin wore both hats at the company,” said Facebook spokesperson Andy Stone in a statement to TechCrunch.
“Kevin will become interim head of US Public Policy while Erin Egan focuses on their expanded duties as Chief Privacy Officer,” Stone said.
No doubt both roles have grown in importance and complexity over the last few years; one person performing both jobs doesn't sound sustainable, and apparently it wasn't.
Notably, Martin will now report to Joel Kaplan, with whom they worked previously during the Bush-Cheney campaign in 2000 and for years under the subsequent administration. Deep ties to Republican administrations and networks in Washington are probably more than a little valuable these days, especially to a company under fire from would-be regulators.
Representing Australia for the second-year-running, the boys from the Hills are ready to laugh in the face of pressure and give the Little League World Series their best shot. (2:28)
The start of Australian baseball's summer season is still several weeks away, yet here they come, from the surrounding suburbs, wearing caps, clutching tiny leather mitts, excited and apprehensive about trying something new. It's the Winston Hills Warriors Baseball Club's "Come and Try Teeball" day, where five-, six- and seven-year-old children first receive their bat safety instructions from coaches eager both to share their love for the game and start the next generation of Warriors on their way.
The Warriors are just one of 12 clubs that participate in competitions run by the Hills Junior Baseball Association, which caters for a large area of North Western Sydney suburbia. It is estimated that as many as 300 children will sign up to play their first season of teeball in the various Under-8 competitions this season, each of them becoming a small new part of Australia's rich baseball history.
Hills Little League players Stephen Courtney and Tom Stancic help out at the Warriors try teeball day. ESPN
The game has been played in Australia since the mid-1800s, when it is believed to have been introduced by American prospectors chasing gold in the Victorian rush. The young nation's umbilical ties to England led to cricket becoming the dominant summer contest between bat and ball, but baseball initially found a home in the country's mild winters. Over the years, many of Australia's greatest cricketers used baseball as an off-season means to maintain hand-eye coordination and hone their hitting and fielding skills.
Editor's Picks 2017 Little League Baseball World Series Full coverage of the Little League Baseball World Series direct from Williamsport, USA.
The game continues to grow in Australia, with the development of young players well catered for in the child-friendly variants of the game. From teeball, the children progress to a version where the coaches pitch to them from a kneeling position before they eventually take on the difficult task of pitching to each other on diamonds that increase in size as they progress. Most start out looking to have a bit of fun, make new friends or follow in their older siblings' footsteps. Some move on to other sports. But in others the seed is planted, a true love of the game grows and they work even harder to develop their skills. The best are identified and selected for representative teams, and if they are good enough when they reach 11, they might find themselves in the Hills Little League team.
The Hills, Little League Australia Champions. Courtesy of Little League
The Hills are back in Williamsport for the Little League World Series after winning the Australian Region Championship for a second straight year. Many of these well-drilled, expertly coached 11- and 12-year-olds, having made their way through the age levels at various Hill clubs, share a common dream. The dream of making a career in Major League Baseball.
Stephen Courtney is one of three players returning to Williamsport, having been part of the Hills team last year. Their father, Andrew, is the Warriors' Junior Coordinator, and they spoke to ESPN of their hopes for their son.
"Of course we'd like Stephen to play Major League Baseball, but we're well aware of how tough that is and all the things that stand between them and that dream," Courtney says.
"Stephen will go to college in the States, whether it is on a baseball scholarship or not. Their mother is from Texas, so he's a dual citizen and it has always been our goal to put the boys through a college education in America.
Stephen Courtney hits a home run during the 2016 LLWS. Alex Trautwig/MLB Photos via Getty Images
"Going to college gives them a better chance of making the Major Leagues; there's a high failure rate for those who don't go through the college system, but college is also about the life experience he'll gain and the degree he'll come out with.
"Whether he'll be good enough to make the dream come true, we don't know; but it's all about just enjoying themselves at this stage."
That dream is based in a reality proven by those who have done it before. Australia has had 33 players start at least one Major League Baseball game, from Joe Quinn, who debuted for St Louis Maroons in 1884, through the better known names of David Nilsson, Graeme Lloyd, Craig Shipley, Grant Balfour and Trent Oeltjen.
Balfour and Oeltjen were both products of the Hills representative system. Oeltjen was once one of those children who first pulled on a uniform and swung at a tee for the Warriors. They worked their way into the Hills junior teams, onto state and national representation and ultimately to the Big Show. Signed initially by Minnesota Twins they went on to play 99 Major League games for the LA Dodgers and Arizona Diamondbacks.
Trent Oeltjen takes a diving catch for the Diamondbacks. Christian Petersen/Getty Images
"I started playing baseball when I was five or six, pretty much as soon as my hand would fit in a glove, and Winston Hills was my first club," Oeltjen tells ESPN.
"I then played reps through the Hills, and came through the ranks pretty much like these guys have. I've been lucky enough to watch the last couple of years of Little League World Series, obviously supporting the Hills who are very close to my heart, because it is the same route that I took and the exact same team.
"I think it's awesome for the kids; it's a great experience playing in front of so many fans, with ESPN televising it across the world. They are paraded on floats while they are there, they are like little celebrities, signing autographs. It's really cool for them to inspire more Aussie kids to get involved in baseball."
News, exclusive opinion and the best video SUBSCRIBE
Oeltjen now runs NxtGen Baseball, which aims to identify and train the next generation of Major League Baseball players. They work with children from across the world who have the same dream they once had as a child in Winston Hills.
Handing out information leaflets at the "Come and Try Teeball" day, Andrew Courtney says the Warriors have seen an increase in sign-up numbers across the board, which they attribute to the Hills Little League success and the publicity it has brought baseball in the region.
"Every year the teeballers come, but we're also seeing older children, with no experience, coming along and signing up, because they've seen the Hills team on television and they want to try the game," Courtney says.
Behind them the next five-year-old at the plate swings at the tee. The ball dribbles off down the third baseline and the child takes off towards second base while the coaches and parents yell and point towards first. Are these the first errant steps of a future Major League player? There is no harm in dreaming.
Source: Qualified teachers shun Binga – NewsDay Zimbabwe April 18, 2017
THE Parliamentary Portfolio Committee on Local Government has disclosed that qualified teachers, mostly from other regions, were shunning teaching in Binga district due to lack of accommodation and poor infrastructure at the over 80 satellite schools in the area.
by VENERANDA LANGA
The Irene Zindi-led committee made the disclosure in its recent report on service delivery by local authorities.
“Binga Rural District Council has a total of 123 primary and 39 secondary schools, and out of these 63 are satellite primary schools and 25 are satellite secondary schools,” read the committee report.
“The satellite schools do not have proper infrastructure in terms of classrooms and teachers' accommodation, and this was said to be a challenge to the district as qualified teachers are not willing to take up posts in Hwange.”
The report also said most of the secondary schools lacked science laboratories, making it difficult for teachers to conduct science lessons.
“The committee was informed that Binga Rural District Council lacked resources for pegging of schools and, therefore, most schools remained unpegged and, therefore, unregistered as examination centres.”
This comes amid reports that some parents in Binga were opposed to the deployment of non-Tonga speaking teachers, citing language barriers. The parents also argued that non-Tonga teachers contributed to the low pass rate recorded in the region because of their low understanding of the local languages.
The committee also noted that the district had inadequate health facilities and qualified health personnel.
“Siabuwa and Kariangwe Mission Hospitals need resident doctors because the distance travelled to access health services at the government district hospital is too long. Binga's health institutions in rural areas were not manned by State-registered nurses, which poses risk to patients because they are treated by people, who do not hold requisite qualifications.”
The committee said Binga Rural District Council had one ambulance to service the whole district.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
More
Google
Reddit
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): The federal government has released over Rs 427.463 billion for different social sector developmental projects under Public Sector Development Programme (PSDP) 2016-17 as against the total allocations of Rs 800 billion.
The data released by ministry of Planning revealed that the government released Rs 17.2516 billion till February 10 for Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC) against its total allocations of Rs. 27.690 billion.
The government also released Rs 111.4124 billion for infrastructure and development projects under National Highway Authority (NHA) against its total allocation of Rs 188 billion for FY 2016-17.
In addition, Rs 94.7 billion have been released for Water and Power Development Authority (Power Sector) and other power sector
projects as against the total allocation of Rs 130 billion for current fiscal year to overcome the shortage of energy in the country.
Meanwhile, a sum of Rs 9.063 billion has been released for Water and Power Division (Water sector) projects for building the mega water reservoirs as compared to total allocations of Rs 31.716 billion in federal PSDP 2016-17.
About Rs 8.5487 billion have been released for Higher Education Commission as compared to its total allocation of Rs 21.486 billion for the year 2016-17.
Similarly an amount of Rs 4.013 billion has been provided to Housing and Works Division against the allocations of Rs 7.687 billion while an amount of Rs 2.4439 billion has been released for Finance Division out of total Rs 9.4337 billion.
According to the data, the government released Rs 9.43 billion for Interior Division against its total allocations of Rs 11.568 billion while an amount of Rs 9.7596 billion has been released for National Health Services, Regulations and Coordination Division out of its total allocations of Rs 24.951 billion.
The government has released Rs 51.403 billion for Special Federal Development Programme for Temporary Displaced Persons (TDPs)
and Security Enhancement under current year's development programme for the rehabilitations of TDPs.
The government also released Rs 12.5838 billion for Azad Jammu
and Kashmir (Block and other projects), Rs 4.74 billion for
Gilgit-Baltistan (Block and Other Projects) and Rs 15.1458 billion
for SAFRON/FATA (Block and Other projects).
The Planning Commission of Pakistan has been following a proper mechanism to release funds.
The commission releases 20 percent funds in first quarter (July-September), 20 percent in second quarter (October-December),
third quarter and 30 percent each in third quarter (January-March)
and fourth quarter (April-June).
© 2001–2017 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
In the wake of a deadly white supremacist protest in Virginia, protesters in North Carolina have knocked over a Confederate statue.
Protesters in North Carolina have toppled a nearly century-old statue of a Confederate soldier at a rally against racism.
Activists in Durham on Monday used a ladder to tie rope around the bronze Confederate Soldiers Monument, which was dedicated in 1924, and then pulled it down in front of a diverse crowd of onlookers outside an old courthouse that now houses local government offices.
Once it was pulled down protesters then began to kick the toppled monument.
"I was a little bit shocked people could come here and come together like that," Isaiah Wallace, who is black, said.
Wallace said they watched as others toppled the statue and they hope other Confederate symbols will follow.
"I feel like this is going to send shockwaves through the country and hopefully they can bring down other racist symbols," they said.
The Durham protest came in response to a weekend white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Authorities say one woman was killed on Saturday after one of the white nationalists drove their car into a group of peaceful counter-protesters.
Although the violence in Virginia has prompted fresh talk by government officials about bringing down symbols of the Confederacy around the South, North Carolina has a law protecting them. The 2015 law prevents removing such monuments on public property without permission from state officials.
In response to the statue in Durham being torn down, Democratic North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper tweeted: "The racism and deadly violence in Charlottesville is unacceptable but there is a better way to remove these monuments."
After the statue fell, several dozen protesters congregated on the street in front of the old courthouse. Some took pictures standing or sitting on the toppled soldier, in front of a pedestal inscribed with the words "In Memory of the Boys Who Wore The Gray." Police cruisers blocked off the street, and officers looked on - some filming. As it got dark, rally participants began to peacefully disperse.
HALIFAX—Lindell Wigginton is picking school over the NBA – for at least one more year. The star basketball player from Dartmouth took to Twitter on Wednesday to announce that they will not be opting in to next month's NBA draft.
Lindell Wigginton of the Iowa State Cyclones goes over Khadeem Lattin of the Oklahoma Sooners for two points during the first half of a NCAA college basketball game at the Lloyd Noble Center on March 2. Wigginton has announced he's returning to Iowa State next season. ( J Pat Carter / Getty Images )
Instead, Wiggington is returning for a second season with the NCAA Division 1 Iowa State Cyclones. “Was a blessing going through the draft process but I have made my decision. I'm now looking forward to helping lead the Cyclones to a great year and getting us back on the national map,” they said in a post to their Twitter feed late Wednesday. “Thanks so much to all of the support from CyclONEnation during this process! #Year2 “
Article Continued Below
Wigginton had been visiting some NBA teams this month — including the Los Angeles Lakers, Atlanta Hawks and Los Angeles Clippers — as they tested the waters on possibly making themselves eligible. Wednesday was the deadline to decide if they wanted to remain draft-eligible, or withdraw their name and return to Iowa State for a sophomore season Wigginton finished fifth in scoring in the Big 12, a 12-team NCAA Division 1 conference that features some of the U.S.'s top basketball programs. Named to the Big 12 all-newcomer team, Wigginton had 13 games with 20 points or more — an Iowa State first-year student record. If drafted one day, Wigginton will be the first Nova Scotia-born player drafted to the NBA. Will Njoku, born in Ghana and raised in Halifax, was drafted by the Indiana Pacers 41st overall in 1994.
Read more about:
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of their wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of their wife
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
1:19 Fans honor Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher at Hollywood Walk of Fame
0:58 Little Rebekah is Manatee's first baby of 2017
World stocks market, on Wednesday, May 30,was battered as Asian stocks extended a global sell-off following Italy's political crisis rippled across financial markets, toppling the euro to a 10-month low, pushing up borrowing costs for Rome and sending investors into safer assets such as U.S. Treasuries.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan tumbled 1.4 percent, while Japan's Nikkei average sold off 1.5 percent to a six-week low.
Chinese shares also headed south, with the Shanghai Composite index down 1.4 percent. South Korea's KOSPI and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 slipped 2.0 percent and 0.5 percent, respectively.
Financial spread-betters expected a mixed opening in Europe, with London's FTSE to open 5 points lower at 7,627, Frankfurt's DAX to open 5 points higher at 12,671 and Paris CAC to open down 3 points at 5,435.
The sharp downturn in Asia followed from an equally harsh session on Wall Street on Tuesday, where the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 1.6 percent, the S&P 500 lost 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.5 percent. The financial sector took the hardest hit.
Investors fear that repeat elections in the euro zone's third-largest economy – which could come as soon as July – May become a de-facto referendum on Italian membership of the currency bloc and its role in the European Union.
“The way Italy's short-term debt yields are spiking makes you think default risk is on radar in the market. It tells how grave the situation is,” said Makoto Noji, senior strategist at SMBC Nikko Securities.
“What the markets are starting to factor-in is not a default per se but an early election leading to a victory of eurosceptics and an exit from the euro.”
Short-dated Italian bond yields – a sensitive gauge of political risk – soared 1.5 percentage points from Monday to their highest since 2013 in their biggest move in nearly 26 years.
Safe-haven U.S. Treasury bonds and German bunds rallied, as did the Japanese yen, the U.S. dollar and gold. The euro fell against the Swiss franc, Japanese yen and U.S. dollar, nearing $1.15 and touching its lowest point since July.
U.S. 10-year Treasuries were yielding 2.817 percent in the Asian afternoon, edging up from the U.S. close of 2.768 percent, while S&P futures rose 0.2 percent.
Earlier this week, there was talk that a new vote in Italy would not be held until late this year or early 2019, prolonging the uncertainty.
Kerry Craig, a global market analyst at JPMorgan Asset Management, noted that Italy's economy is in better shape that it was in 2011 when the euro zone was mired in a debt crisis.
But, they added, “Completely dismissing the risk that Italy poses would be an unwise move, especially given how the next election may play out and the prospect of a stronger eurosceptic position.”
In Asia, traders also fretted over the on-again, off-again U.S.-North Korean summit and the U.S.-China trade relationship.
The United States said on Tuesday that it would continue pursuing actions on trade with China, prompting Chinese state media to slam the U.S. announcement.
Emerging market stocks lost 1.2 percent, marking a new low point for the year, under continued pressure from a rising U.S. dollar for countries that often borrow in that currency.
Indonesia's central bank is holding an out-of-cycle policy meeting on Wednesday, and is expected to raise its benchmark interest rate for the second time in two weeks, according to a Reuters poll.
Rabbit rescue organizations are preparing for an influx of surrendered and stray bunnies as Easter weekend comes to an end.
Kaylie Ngo, president of London, Ont.,-based Hoppy Hearts, said the peak season for their rescue starts in June and July — and much of the volume stems from bunnies that were hastily purchased as Easter gifts for kids.
Bunnies are usually given as gifts when they're about eight weeks old, Ngo said. But after a few months, their personalities start to shift.
“They start becoming very hormonal and active little teenagers that like to poop and pee and start destroying things,” they said.
The executive director of Rabbit Rescue Inc. in Cambridge, Ont., said oftentimes, parents who buy the animals for their kids don't understand what they're getting into.
“They're really similar to cats and dogs, not like hamsters and gerbils,” Haviva Porter-Lush said. They can't be kept in a small cage, for instance. Porter-Lush recommends keeping them in a pen or a dedicated room to themselves.
And they're also more like cats and dogs in terms of cost than many people realize, they added.
“When people see them in the store for $30 or $40, they don't realize that, say, 'in five or six months time, I'm going to need to spend $300 to $700 getting my rabbit spayed.”'
Ngo said that sometimes, a lack of veterinary care can be an issue for rabbit owners.
“Despite being the third most popular pet in North America, they are still considered an exotic pet by many veterinarians, and it can be really, really hard to find a good veterinarian to care for the rabbit,” they said.
Both Hoppy Hearts and Rabbit Rescue Inc. send rabbits that are up for adoption to foster homes — neither organization has a dedicated shelter space.
“It's hard, because it's a busy time of year and we get full very quickly,” said Porter-Lush, adding that they're limited by the number of people who have agreed to act as foster families.
In fact, Ngo said their rescue has become so busy that it's had to stop accepting owner-surrendered bunnies. Right now, they said, Hoppy Hearts is only taking in rabbits that have been abandoned outside.
“Even if only temporarily, being put outside is a death sentence,” they said.
So when they get the call about a domestic rabbit that someone has spotted outside, they act fast. Ngo said that at least two people will go out to the scene and try to corral the rabbit into a pen.
Then, they scan the bunny for immediate health concerns: dental issues, parasites and injuries. If it's all clear, they go ahead and get the bunny spayed or neutered as quickly as possible.
Both Ngo and Porter-Lush recommend fostering a rabbit before eventually adopting one — it's less commitment, and gives people a chance to see whether a rabbit is a good fit for their household.
TORONTO -
Ontario's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year, despite claims it has balanced the budget.
In a new report Monday, the Financial Accountability Office said the Liberals will run a $4 billion deficit in 2017-2018, and will continue to be in the red over the next few years.
More moderate growth in revenues and the increasing fiscal impact of the province's Fair Hydro Plan, which cuts electricity rates by 25 per cent, will take their toll on Ontario's books the report notes. It also says a long-simmering accounting dispute between the Liberal government and Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk over how to count two public sector pension plans on the ledger is contributing to uncertainty.
“We've been very consistent that because of a number of factors we think the deficit will re-emerge,” said FAO chief economist David West. “Now, with this accounting debate it will become more significant.”
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring, a year ahead of the provincial election, and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years.The FAO, however, projects the government's budget deficit will grow to $9.8 billion in 2021-2022.
“The government is out borrowing this money,” West said. “This current year they're going to borrow $23 billion in the markets. That's going to rise to $45 billion in the coming years.”
The FAO also said the government's new hydro plan will add $3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-2022.
Last year Lysyk questioned the province's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet.
The FAO said in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor's recommended accounting for both the pension assets, and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan, it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government's fiscal projections.
LAWRENCEVILLE, Ga. (AP)  An Atlanta-area man has turned themselves in after they were accused of engaging in a sex act with a dog while working as a landscaper.
Jail records show that 61-year-old Cruz Barrera-Lugo turned themselves in to authorities Monday.
A Lawrenceville man called police Saturday to report that they were playing in their yard with their nephew when they saw the landscaper participating in "a lewd sexual act" with their dog. The man said Barrera-Lugo fled when they realized he'd been seen.
Police say surveillance video captured the incident.
Advertisement
Barrera-Lugo has been charged with bestiality and cruelty to children.
The suspect's last name is listed in jail records as "Barrera-Lugo." Previous information distributed by Gwinnett County police gave their name as Barreralugo.
They were being held without bond. It's unclear whether they have an attorney.
___
This story has been corrected to show the suspect's first name is Cruz Barrera-Lugo, not Craig.
Few people have had a more transcending impact on the NHL than legendary coach and general manager Jack Adams. For 36 years, Adams led the Detroit Red Wings organization in some capacity, coaching the likes of Gordie Howe, Ted Lindsay, Sid Abel and Larry Aurie.
Today, more than 100 years after Adams first became involved with the NHL, they are still very much a part of the game. Because of their accomplishments as the Red Wings' coach, the NHL honors its best head coach with the Jack Adams Award every year. (That, and their former employers just drafted a forward with the same name, guaranteeing references to the former coach and GM for years to come.)
From humble beginnings in Fort William, Ontario—now part of Thunder Bay—Adams rose through the ranks of junior hockey, enjoyed a lengthy playing career in the NHL and the defunct Pacific Coast Hockey League (PCHL), started their post-playing career in Detroit and never looked back.
Jack Adams – Professional Hockey Career
Adams began their professional hockey career as a 22-year-old center with the Toronto Arenas back in 1917. Before long, Adams joined the Vancouver Millionaires of the PCHL where they really hit their stride as a player. In their second season out west, Adams registered 30 points in 24 contests. The next year, they matched that total but managed to score 26 goals. What constitutes an assist has changed over the years, so it's possible Adams recorded more than four assists that season by today's standards.
Following their impressive third year with the Millionaires, Adams headed back to Toronto to join the St. Patricks – derivative of the Arenas and the direct predecessor of the Maple Leafs. There, they continued to flourish as a point-per-game producer before ending their career as a member of the first installment of the Ottawa Senators for one season.
In their time as a professional hockey player, Adams won two Stanley Cups – one in their first season and the other in their last. They would add more later in their post-playing career.
Jack Adams – The Coach
Following their 1927 Stanley Cup win, Adams was hired to become the Detroit Cougars' coach and general manager. After changing their name to the Falcons in 1930, Adams' franchise was purchased by long-time owner James Norris in 1932 and became the Red Wings. With a new identity, success soon followed for Adams and the Red Wings.
In 1936 and 1937, Adams led the Red Wings to Stanley Cup victories over the Maple Leafs and New York Rangers, respectively. After losses in the Finals during the 1941 and 1942 playoffs, Adams earned their third Stanley Cup as a coach in 1943, guiding a talented squad which included Abel, Syd Howe (no relation to Mr. Hockey), Mud Bruneteau, Jack Stewart and Ebbie Goodfellow.
Following the 1946-47 season, Adams relinquished their coaching duties to Tommy Ivan so they could focus solely on their general manager duties. In their 20 seasons as coach, Adams accumulated 413 wins, 15 playoff appearances, seven Stanley Cup Finals appearances, and three championships. Only Mike Babcock has won more games with the organization (458) than Adams. Additionally, Detroit's' 35% rate of reaching the Stanley Cup Finals during Adams' tenure as coach was only topped by the Maple Leafs, who made 10 trips to the finals in those 20 years.
Calling the Shots
The Jack Adams legend that most Red Wings fans remember today stems from their time as the team's general manager. “Trader Jack” was known to flip players left and right in an attempt to bolster their roster. Some trades worked out, others flopped.
Adams was also known as a fierce negotiator when it came time to re-signing their players. Back then, there was no Collective Bargaining Agreement, player agents did not exist and players negotiated their own pay. Given these circumstances, Adams took full advantage of their position of power. According to long-time Red Wings columnist Bob Duff in their book, 100 Things Red Wings Fans Should Know & Do Before They Die, Adams would often play hardball when negotiating deals with players, with the ultimate goal of keeping the organization profitable.
In addition, Adams was aware of the influence they had over players. Duff noted that they would use scare tactics to get more out of players, such as carrying around bus tickets as a reminder that some were close to being sent down.
However, Adams was not always a monster. Like Scotty Bowman, they had their tough side, but also deeply cared for their players. In their book, Duff details stories of Adams giving Ted Lindsay tickets to Florida so they could kick a bad cold and letting Mud Bruneteau visit a dying family member during the stretch run. For as many tough love stories there are about Adams, there are just as many lesser-known tales of kindness.
After their infamous decision to trade Lindsay in 1957, the organization began to decline, resulting in Adams' firing in 1963. Heartbroken, Adams left the organization that followed their lead for 36 years.
Legacy & Award
As the NHL began to create individual awards based on seasonal performances, the choice was clear after whom the trophy for the best coach would be named. Adams had passed away a few years prior and the league felt it was right to honor the long-time coach because “his lifetime dedication to hockey has served as an inspiration to all who aspire to further the game.”
Starting in 1974, the NHL presents its best coach, as voted on by the NHL Broadcasters Association, with the Jack Adams Award at the conclusion of every season. Each winner was “adjudged to have contributed most to their team's success” by the voters. During their tenure in Detroit, Adams added their fair share of success, whether it was their in-game strategy, player motivation or other tactics.
John Tortorella took home the honors this past season after an inspiring campaign from their Columbus Blue Jackets. Legendary coaches Bowman, Al Arbour, Pat Burns, Red Berenson, and Joel Quenneville have all received the award. Each of these coaches have found ways to get the most out of their teams, regardless of the amount of skill their players had, just as Adams did nearly a century ago.
“The award is special and so was Adams. He's the only person to win the Stanley Cup as a player, coach and general manager,” said Red Wings radio play-by-play broadcaster and Jack Adams Award voter Ken Kal.
Adams had a great impact on the game, one that will last for generations.
Puerto Rico's power grid has been practically demolished in the wake of hurricane Maria. It now has a once in a lifetime opportunity to rebuild and the island's governor Ricardo Rossello wants to have a chat with Elon Musk about their recent offer to use Tesla batteries and solar power for the the job.
Only 10 percent of the island has power at the moment and, according to the Puerto Rico state owned electric company, some communities won't be able to turn the lights back on for four to six months.
Musk tweeted yesterday they could be the one to rebuild Puerto Rico's electricity system using independent batteries and solar power.
“The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too,” Musk wrote back.
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 5, 2017
Governor Rossello tweeted at Musk shortly after with, “Let's talk. Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your # TeslaTechnologies? PR could be that flagship project.”
As the Government's CINO, I fully support this! Let's build the Puerto Rico we all want through innovation #letstalk @prstateits — Glorimar Ripoll (@prstatecino) October 6, 2017
Puerto Rico's chief innovation officer Glorimar Ripoli is also on board. “As the Government's CINO, I fully support this! Let's build the Puerto Rico we all want through innovation,” they tweeted.
The real question is if this talking will turn into action.
Tesla has already shipped hundreds of its Powerwall battery systems to Puerto Rico and Tesla employees are currently busy installing them and training locals how to continue the process.
Musk also has a history of turning Twitter chats into something more. They struck a deal to build a battery plant in South Australia based on a tweet with Atlassian founder and Australian Mike Cannon-Brookes last March. Musk broke ground on the deal last month and stands to lose $50 million if they don't complete the job within 100 days.
As Musk mentioned in their tweet, Tesla has created a battery and solar power grid for other islands like the Kauaʻi Island Utility Cooperative in Hawaii and in American Samoa.
Of course, those projects were for much smaller populations than Puerto Rico. But Musk seems confident their system can scale to meet the demands of the island's 3.4 million citizens.
Featured Image: ullstein bild / Contributor/Getty Images
Trump: 'I Wish I Did' Pick A Different Attorney General Than Sessions
Enlarge this image toggle caption Associated Press
Updated at 10:19 a.m. ET
President Trump resumed their attacks against Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Wednesday following reports that they had asked Sessions to un-recuse themselves from the Russia investigation — and after more erosion of their claim that the FBI spied on their campaign.
Trump used their Twitter account to echo the comments of House Oversight Committee chairperson Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., who has been using TV appearances to try to offer some nuanced support to Trump.
Gowdy told CBS on Wednesday they could sympathize with Trump's frustrations about Sessions based on what they called Sessions' reticence about their willingness to take part in the Russia probe.
Gowdy said the problem wasn't necessarily because there had been any wrongdoing in that case, but that Sessions hadn't said before they became attorney general that they felt they couldn't take part in the matter.
Trump quoted Gowdy and added their own epigram: "'....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, they could have picked somebody else!' And I wish I did!"
Trump's and Gowdy's comments followed a story in The New York Times that said Trump had asked Sessions to reverse their recusal in the Russia case.
Trump wanted Sessions to take control of the Russia matter, The Times reported, in order to protect them — they evidently felt they could exercise more control over Sessions than Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who appointed special counsel Robert Mueller.
Gowdy sought on Fox News on Tuesday and then on CBS on Wednesday to put Trump's views into the context of the president's perspective: Trump told then-FBI Director James Comey, according to Comey's memos, that they hadn't done anything wrong but that if any of their staff members had, they wanted the FBI to find out.
And the FBI was doing just that when it sent a confidential informant to meet with three Trump campaign aides in 2016, Gowdy said.
"I am even more convinced the FBI did what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got and that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump," they said.
Gowdy emphasized the goal was to find out about Russia's interference in the election, not to spy on Trump's campaign — the opposite of what Trump has claimed. Trump repeated their claim that the FBI was spying on them and their campaign on Tuesday night at a rally in Nashville.
Gowdy and House intelligence committee chairperson Devin Nunes, R-Calif., received a secret briefing last week about the FBI's use of the confidential human source. Gowdy, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and others who have been briefed on the matter say nothing they've learned has shaken their confidence in the FBI or Mueller.
Trump and their supporters have spent months attacking Mueller, the FBI and the Justice Department with a variety of charges, including alleged "abuse of power," "bias" and others, which critics call an attempt to undercut public faith in federal law enforcement ahead of whatever Mueller's office discovers.
'Never a target'
Gowdy said in their interviews that Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray have made clear to them that Trump was never a target of the FBI's investigation. The two leaders are "stunned," they said, whenever people think the president is a target.
That comports with the assurances that Comey has said they gave Trump in confidential conversations during their time as FBI director — although Comey also declined to announce that publicly. If FBI investigators were to discover wrongdoing by Trump and they did become a target, a prior public announcement would have created a duty for the FBI to correct its past announcement, Comey said.
Gowdy pointed out that no one knows whether Mueller is conducting a criminal investigation. What they inherited from the FBI under Comey was a counterintelligence investigation, focused on the work of Russia's spy services and their outreach to Americans.
To be sure, however, Mueller's office has filed criminal charges against a number of people, including Trump's former campaign chairperson, deputy campaign chairperson, national security adviser and others.
And the scope of the special counsel's investigation may include whether Trump broke the law in trying to frustrate the Russia investigation — by asking Comey to lay off, by reportedly asking other intelligence bosses how to get Comey off the case, by firing Comey or by leaning on Sessions. Obstruction of justice is a criminal matter.
Gowdy told Fox News that they thought Trump should grant an interview to Mueller and their investigators in order to clear all this up.
"I have always said, I think you ought to sit down ... you've told us publicly there was no collusion, there was no obstruction," Gowdy said. "Say in private what you've said publicly."
The president and their attorneys are frustrated by the swirling allegations and the case hasn't been helped by Democrats who have tried to use the special counsel investigation as a weapon against Trump, Gowdy complained.
When critics such as House intelligence committee ranking member Adam Schiff, D-Calif., don't say that Trump isn't a target, they're "doing a disservice to all our fellow citizens," Gowdy said.
What about Trump, Gowdy was asked on CBS — why do they keep charging the FBI and Justice Department with spying that didn't happen? The South Carolina member of congress responded by distancing themselves from Trump.
"I don't know," they said. "I've never met or talked to the president."
A spokesperson later confirmed to NPR the two men had never met, spoken or "communicated."
SRU's next president needs to be transparent, show support for students
Eric Davies
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
The day when Slippery Rock finds out who its next president will be is fast approaching. With the on-campus visits and open interviews completed last week, all that is left is for the search committee to submit two names to the council of trustees, who will send a recommendation to the PASSHE board of governors, who will make the final decision on SRU's next president. While the Rocket staff has no more information or influence on who will be president, we do have a sort of “wish-list” as to what we are hopping for in the new president.
The Rocket staff believes that whoever the next president of SRU is chosen to be there are certain characteristics that we would like them to have.
SRU's next president should be transparent, and open with students, faculty and alumni about what is happening at SRU, what they are working on and what new things might be coming up in the future.
With so many alumni expected to be coming to campus for homecoming next week, more than one will probably be wondering why Miller auditorium is still closed, what happened to Kraus hall and why buildings like the behavioral science building are closed. If there are plans in the work for projects like these in the future the new president should be completely open about them, one because SRU is a public university and two because students, faculty and alum have a right to know what is happening on campus.
The Rocket staff also believes that the next president should show an unending support for the students at Slippery Rock and the things they do. It is easy for a president to show up to the football games on Saturdays and wave to the student section, but the rocket staff thinks the new president needs to go farther than that. Interim president Philip Way has done a good job of this in their time thus far, walking around campus, attending events, putting on events at the president's residence and just generally being a visible figure around campus.
Whoever SRU's next president ends up being should go to every sporting event, concert, festival, student run event, etc. that they can, because students need to know that their president supports them and the things they are doing.
While whoever is ultimately chosen should be the person with the best qualifications, the most experience and will be the best fit at SRU, these are the little, more personal, things the Rocket staff thinks the new president should do in order to be as successful as possible.
E! has canceled drama series “The Arrangement” after two seasons, Variety has confirmed.
“Over two seasons, E!'s scripted series ‘The Arrangement' has taken viewers inside the world of an A-list movie star filled with secrets, scandal and romance,” and E! spokesperson said. “While we have decided not to move forward with the series, we are incredibly grateful to the cast and our production partners.”
Produced by E! corporate sibling Universal Cable Productions, “The Arrangement” hailed from writer and executive producer Jonathan Abrahams. The series recently ended its second season, with the final episode premiering on E! May 13.
“The Arrangement” was one of two current scripted series on the NBCUniversal-owned cable channel. The other, “The Royals,” recently ended its fourth season, and has not received word on whether it will be picked up for a fifth.
Ronaldo was sent off in bizarre fashion, collecting a yellow card for taking their shirt off during a goal celebration before being shown a second for diving.
Upset by referee Ricardo De Burgos Bengoetxea's decision to dismiss him, Ronaldo shoved the official, which landed them in further hot water.
RFEF issued Ronaldo with a 3,005 euro ($3,543.20) fine and a four-match suspension in addition to the automatic one-game ban the player was due to serve for their red card.
Ronaldo, who struck a spectacular second goal for a dominant Madrid, will miss the Super Cup second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday and the club's first four La Liga matches.
Having featured in the Confederations Cup for Portugal, the striker only returned to training earlier this month. They came on as a substitute in the UEFA Super Cup win over Manchester United on Aug. 8.
(Reporting by Rik Sharma, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
NASCAR took the Easter weekend off so let's talk about Missouri's greatest racer.
It's always dangerous to crown someone as “the greatest who ever…,” especially someone who is not nationally-known. But when nationally-famous people in the business say a person back home was the best there ever was, the credentials start to look pretty solid. Such is the case with Larry Phillips, “The roughest, toughest, meanest, craziest, and grouchiest son of a gun who ever climbed into a race car.”
Former NASCAR Cup series crew chief James Ince also remembered Larry Phillips “as tough as they come (some would say dirty), smart and does everything at 100%.”
Fan voting has started for the NASCAR Hall of Fame induction class of 2018. Larry Phillips is on the list. Again. Five people from the list of twenty finalists will be chosen May 24th by a Hall of Fame voting panel.
Fans can vote as many as FIFTY times a day for as many as five drivers. The final choice will be made by a 54-member voting panel. The top five people favored by fans will be considered the choice of an equivalent 55th panelist. The panel will meet on May 24th and the five new members of the Hall will be announced during the Memorial Day events at Charlotte Motor Speedway. The most ardent supporters of Larry Phillips probably would prefer voters cast fifty votes each day for Phillips and forget about voting for another four. The vote for Phillips thus has a bigger impact.
It's been sixteen years since Phillips drove the last race of a forty-year career, long enough for a new generation of fans to be unfamiliar with the name. They might recognize the names of Ken Schrader, Rusty and Kenny Wallace, Mark Martin, and Jamie McMurray—all of whom cut their teeth on Missouri tracks. But Larry Phillips?
Larry Philips taught those guys a lot about being racing drivers. Two of them, Rusty Wallace and Mark Martin, are Hall of Famers now. And they think Larry Phillips should be with them.
Phillips was from Springfield and nobody knows how many races they won. Maybe as many as two-thousand says Ince. They drove only one race in NASCAR's top series, starting 24th and finishing 13th in the 1976 California 500. Martin thinks they could have done well at that level; Ince agrees but told RacinToday.com's Jim Pedley that Phillips wouldn't put up with the Cup Series' B.S.
They started racing about 1960 and ran hundreds of races, mostly at short tracks in Missouri, Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Kansas. Even they didn't know how many races they ran or won. They told the Springfield Leader & Press in 1982, “I'll race anytime, anywhere.”
In a 1975 race at Fort Smith, Arkansas, they rear-ended another car and both cars caught fire, leaving them with burns on seventy-percent of their body. Doctors didn't think he'd race for two years, if ever. They were winning again a year later.
Phillips said a combination of things made them the winner they are, telling the newspaper, “Phillips the driver and Phillips the car builder both play important parts. Anybody can drive a car like I have and do well. But being able to adjust the racer to the track conditions whether it be tires, weight, adjustment of the chassis, whatever, that is where Phillips the builder is a big factor.”
Phillips dominated what is now the Whelen All-American Series, racing at NASCAR-sanctioned short-tracks in cars they built and maintained, often against drivers in other cars they had built. He's the only person to win the All-American Series national championship five times. They won five regional championships and thirteen track titles (six at Bolivar Speedway, five at Lebanon I-44 Speedway, and two more at Kansas City's Lakeside Speedway).
And here's something that might raise an eyebrow or two: They did not win their first national championship until 1989 when they were 47. They became the first driver to win back-to-back championships in 1991-92 and duplicated that performance in 1995-96.
One of their local championships was at Lebanon in '94. They were interviewed after winning the title: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tE8mTlxRnfE
Right at the beginning of that clip, you might notice Phillips drop a cigarette. They had a lighter in their car so they could smoke during caution laps.
In 1992, the fifty-year old Phillips won thirty-two of forty races, beating 22-year old Greg Biffle for the national title. In their thirteen seasons in the series, Phillips won 226 of the 308 feature races they ran. They finished in the top five in thirty-seven races they didn't win. In thirteen years competing in that series, they were outside the top ten only thirty-three times.
Those who knew them well say they cared about racing and winning, plain and simple. Money? Trophies? Fame? Phillips looked at their trophies as clutter. They told Ince they hauled them off to a dump one day. It's not known how many trophies there were but Ince remembered they filled half a forty-foot trailer “floor to ceiling.” Ince says Phillips was interested in checks, not trophies.
Mark Martin was just a kid from Batesville, Arkansas when they went to work in Phillips' shop in Springfield. On weekends they would race each other.
“Anybody who raced against them will remember him,” Martin (right) told Pedley. “He was unique. They were fast, won lots of races and beat a lot of people with slower cars…Larry would try every trick in the books.” And Rusty Wallace called them “the best driver I've ever seen.” They were first nominated to the NASCAR Hall of Fame in 2014. But the guys who ran in the big-time are the ones who get most of the attention at voting time.
Jamie McMurray's first year running late models was 1997. They told a Springfield News-Leader reporter a couple of years ago, “I had watched them for those years that I ran my modified and they won every single night, it seemed like.”
McMurray won the track championship at Lebanon in 1997. Larry Phillips was second. Just five years later they were running in NASCAR's top series where they won their second time out. In 2010, they won the Daytona 500. But by then, Larry Phillips was gone.
Phillips was diagnosed with lung cancer in May, 2000 and began chemotherapy a month later—and still went out weekend after weekend and won races. They ran their last race in April, 2001 in Lebanon and led for a good part of it. But their cancer treatments had sapped their endurance and they finished second. Finishing second was not what Larry Phillips was about. They took the car, went home, and never raced again. They died September 21, 2004.
They have some stiff competition in the voting from a lot of nationally-recognized names. But a lot of folks who saw them race or raced against them think they could have whipped ‘em all at Lebanon. Or Bolivar. Or just about anywhere.
If you have the time and inclination to vote fifty times a day for Missouri's greatest racer, you can do it at: http://www.nascarhall.com/inductees/fan-vote.
(Photo credits: hometracks.nascar.com; missourilegends.com; Midwest racing archive; racintoday.com)
story by Bob Priddy
Fall has finally arrived and with it, new seasons of your favorite shows and outstanding new programs! Drama, science, documentaries, and more – there's something for everyone. We've highlighted a few programs we think you'll enjoy this season on KVIE.
American Masters
Edgar Allan Poe, best known for their poetry and short stories, riddled the literary world with dark Gothic tales that transcended the rules of horror fiction. Explore their life, career, and legacy on Edgar Allan Poe, starring Denis O'Hare as the notorious hair-raising author.
Edgar Allen Poe premieres October 30, 2017 at 10PM.
POV: Almost Sunrise
Haunted by the ghosts of combat, two veterans embark on a 2,700-mile trek across the country seeking closure from emotional and psychological wounds inflicted by war. Explore a story of hope, survival, and redemption on a new POV special, Almost Sunrise.
POV: Almost Sunrise premieres November 13, 2017 at 10PM.
Beyond a Year in Space
Last year, we chronicled astronaut Scott Kelly's record-breaking year in space from launch to landing. Now, we're picking back up where we left off, following Kelly from their epic homecoming to discover what changes they underwent in space through a twin study with fellow astronaut and brother Mark, who spent the year on Earth.
Beyond a Year in Space premieres November 15, 2017 at 9PM.
Anne of Green Gables – The Good Stars
Spunky, witty, and free-spirited – Anne of Green Gables returns with a sequel to last year's colorful reimagining. Familiar faces Martin Sheen and Ella Ballentine return as Matthew Cuthbert and the title character, coming back for a heartwarming coming-of-age story for the Thanksgiving holiday.
Anne of Green Gables – The Good Stars premieres November 23, 2017 at 9PM.
Call the Midwife Holiday Special
The midwives face the storm of the century on this year's Call the Midwife Holiday Special. Struggling to provide the best care for their patients, they're also confronting power issues and frozen pipes. Will they get everyone through the winter safely?
Call the Midwife Holiday Special premieres December 25, 2017.
Nature
Naledi, an orphaned baby elephant must learn how to survive on their own in the wild. Join on their quest as caretakers work to help them find their place in the herd. Naledi – One Little Elephant premieres October 4, 2017 at 8PM. Then, go on a journey of rediscovery with Helen Macdonald, author of H is for Hawk, as they train a goshawk to fly. H is for Hawk: A New Chapter premieres November 1, 2017 at 8PM.
NOVA
Join master armorers as they re-engineer Greenwich armor, some of the best-ever created in history. Secrets of the Shining Knight premieres October 4, 2017 at 9PM. Plus, join archaeologists at Stonehenge to examine new discoveries about the 5,000-year-old landmark and the people who built it with Ghosts of Stonehenge, premiering October 11, 2017 at 9PM.
Later this year, explore how a changing climate threatens an increase of natural disasters across the globe. Join NOVA on an investigatory journey into the science of volcanoes, hurricanes, and floods and what it means for the modern world. Killer Volcanoes premieres October 25, 2017 at 9PM, Killer Hurricanes premieres November 1, 2017 at 9PM, and Killer Floods premieres November 8, 2017 at 9PM.
COMING SOON: Victoria on MASTERPIECE season two
Queen Victoria will make their royal return to KVIE in January 2018. Victoria and Albert have welcomed a member of the family and the queen makes a statement in their growing role. Don't miss the season two premiere of ground-breaking MASTERPIECE drama after the new year.
The fun doesn't end there: You can view the full fall lineup online here.
Coming soon to KVIE – Fall programming
Quinn Slack thinks we're close to the future that Back to the Future II promised back in the 80s — flying cars, artificial intelligence, sending rockets into space, and the rest of the whole suite — but there's a way to get there even faster.
That's why they and their co-founder Beyang Liu started Sourcegraph, a development environment for programmers that's designed to make it easier to see who is using what lines of code and where while in the development process. The notion Slack employs is that if the coding process speeds up, so does the pace of innovation — and it is certainly something that's slowed down quite a bit at all the non-Facebooks, Googles and Apples of the world.
To do this, Sourcegraph says it has raised a $20 million series A financing round led by Redpoint Ventures along with Goldcrest Capital. Scott Raney of Redpoint Ventures, who has worked with Twilio (which I'd argue has some of the best documentation for introducing someone to programming), and Dan Friedland of Goldcrest Capital are joining the board of directors.
“How most companies build software is broken, programmers write code in single player mode,” Slack said. “They fix the same bugs fixed by other developers. Salespeople have tools that help you and the salesperson that lets you collaborate. But if you're a developer you come in and spend most of your day on an editor, most people don't know what's going on. You don't see what others are writing. All the software developers you do, you go heads down a week or two and then come up for air. At Google and Facebook, it's way more collaborative. It's fundamentally a different way of writing.”
All this boils down to some simple tools you might expect in a lot of other professions. It means being able to easily search for code semantically, and see who's using it and where it's deployed — and, more importantly, whether or not someone is fixing something somewhere. By just getting everyone on the same page, Slack thinks that it'll smooth out the whole process so people can focus on building, and shipping, the new bits of the products that they need. The whole thing can happen in a developer's favorite editor like Sublime Text, or it can happen in the startup's internal development environment.
“The way software has been built really hasn't changed,” Raney said. “Increasingly developer productivity is a bottleneck. Really what attracted us, the code intelligence parts, was that the implications are profound. If you were just to build another IDE, that's gonna be a really difficult way to build a business. That's, ‘I like this command, or it's a little faster'. Code intelingence is a really meaty problem that's hard to replicate.”
Slack's experience comes from their job of parachuting into major organizations that aren't in that FAANG bracket of the world — like banks — and seeing how no one knew what anyone else was working on. The challenge, then, was to figure out how to make the larger projects more collaborative so these companies could move at the same pace that a Facebook or Google would be able to do. That would not only keep them competitive but also help them reach new breakthroughs more quickly.
“We have users and customers doing really interesting things like self-driving cars, blasting rockets off, and we want to make those happen more quickly,” Slack said. “These things we've wanted to exist, we can make them go faster because the people writing the code can do it better. Within a company, you get to avoid reinventing the wheel. We prototyped a tool that did that, that's how most developers got to know us.”
There are certainly other products looking to attack a similar problem of getting developers on the same page. There's — at least potentially — GitHub and other repository tools that help developers collaborate on the code they check in and out. Slack said that while GitHub is a great developer tool, developers still spend most of their time hiding away in a different text editor cranking away. Sourcegraph's goal is to immerse developers into a more real-time experience which keeps them up to date and working on the most important things they need to develop.
The Chicago Blackhawks trounced the two-time defending Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins Thursday night at the United Center. The Blackhawks, following a longer-than-anticipated offseason, looked energized and intent to start the process of atoning for an abysmal first-round exit from the 2017 playoffs.
The Penguins, on the other hand, looked like a team playing the second game of a back-to-back. In fact, coming off their banner raising ceremony and a 5-4 overtime loss to the St. Louis Blues last night at PPG Paints Arena, the Penguins were the first team in eight years to start the NHL season with games on back-to-back nights (according to Pat Foley of NBC Sports Chicago's broadcast).
That Old-Time Feeling
Any judgments made about this 2017-18 Blackhawks team after their impressive season-opening win are likely to be an overreaction. But, it's hard not to get a little bit of that old-time feeling about what transpired. The Blackhawks played fast, possessed the puck, were strong on the forecheck and limited dangerous chances in their own zone.
Duncan Keith and Brent Seabrook were reunited as the top defensive pairing. They finished a combined plus-6 and tallied two of the team's three top time-on-ice (TOI) numbers at 23:11 and 20:25 respectively. Jan Rutta, who looked like they belonged in the NHL during their regular season debut, was on the ice for 20 minutes and 45 seconds.
And how genuine would that old-time feeling be without the presence of Patrick Sharp and Brandon Saad? Saad looks poised for the dominant season that many have projected. They finished with a hat trick on five shots and looks very comfortable alongside Jonathan Toews and Richard Panik. Saad was expected to make Chicago's top line better than they were at any point last season. That's already coming to fruition.
Patrick Sharp had a nice Chicago homecoming in their own right, tallying a goal on four shots and recording three takeaways. More importantly, Sharp appeared healthy and looked to have decent chemistry with their linemates Artem Anisimov and Alex DeBrincat.
Artemi Who?
Other than Patrick Kane's ridiculous skill set, which was more than evident on a backhand pass to Ryan Hartman for a first-period goal and a top-shelf goal against Matt Murray that seemed to find room where there wasn't any, Nick Schmaltz was by far the most noticeable player on the ice.
Schmaltz, who has garnered praise from head coach Joel Quenneville throughout the preseason, is quickly starting to realize the talent that many thought was present in the high-end prospect.
“His puck skills and pure creativity allow them to make a lot of defenders miss and allow them to create scoring chances at times when it doesn't look like there is an opportunity. Schmaltz has pretty good possession skills as well. ‘He can own the puck during a game,' said one NHL scout. Schmaltz isn't the biggest guy in the class, so they need to bulk up and play less bashfully in battles.” – ESPN's Corey Pronman following the 2014 draft
Sounds a lot like the guy donning the number 88 sweater for the Blackhawks. As linemates, the creativity and talent level of these two were on display. If they continue to build chemistry and play complimentary to one another, this line will present constant problems for opponents throughout the season, and will make fans forget all about Artemi Panarin.
Record-Setting Night
It shouldn't come as a surprise that a 10-1 victory on opening night comes with a few records and rarities. This kind of dominance doesn't come along frequently in the NHL, let alone in season openers.
The Blackhawks set a franchise record for goals scored in the first period of a season-opening contest (five). In addition, Chicago has never scored ten goals in the first game of a season. In fact, the last time Chicago scored ten goals was on October 12th, 1988 against the Winnipeg Jets. This game wasn't all that far from representing the Blackhawks' most dominant win in their 91-year history, which was a 12-0 victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on January 30th, 1969.
At least a couple of individual accolades were also achieved. Saad's hat trick was only the second of their career, with the first coming during their time with the Columbus Blue Jackets on Apr. 2, 2016 in a 5-1 over the Carolina Hurricanes.
Patrick Sharp recorded their 600th career point. Ryan Hartman, who recorded five points (goal, four assists), bested their previous career-high of three points that came via a hat trick on Jan. 8, 2017 against the Nashville Predators.
Tough Sledding
The night wasn't all glamorous for the Blackhawks. Tanner Kero, the team's fourth-line center, left the game late in the second period after what appeared to be a knee-on-knee collision. They did not return for the third period.
Schmaltz also left the game in the third period after appearing to be in a significant amount of discomfort on the Blackhawks bench. After the game, Quenneville did expect that both players would be alright and likely ready to go against Columbus on Saturday night.
Coach Q says Schmaltz and Kero are both "fine" and should be good to go for Saturday. #Blackhawks — Chicago Blackhawks (@NHLBlackhawks) October 6, 2017
The next couple of weeks don't get any easier for the Blackhawks. Including the victory over the Penguins, Chicago's first eight games of the 2017-18 season are against teams that made the playoffs in 2016-17. The Blackhawks will host the Blue Jackets on Saturday night at the United Center and then play back-to-back contests in Toronto and Montreal.
NATIONAL
WASHINGTON -- Rep. Ed Royce, a ranking US lawmaker deeply involved in North Korean affairs, said Monday they do not believe tensions over the regime's weapons programs will hurt the upcoming Winter Olympics in South Korea's PyeongChang.
"There's always irritants with respect to what North Korea does," they told Yonhap News Agency at a promotional event held at the US Congress, "but I don't think it's going to impact the Olympics and I think the whole world will stand with South Korea there in the Olympics and it is going to be tremendously exciting."
The Republican from California serves as chairperson of the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
Rep. Ed Royce (R-CA) poses with Soohorang (L) and Bandabi, the mascots for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics, at a promotional event held at the U.S. Congress in Washington on Dec. 11, 2017. (Yonhap)
There was confusion last week as to whether the US would send its athletes to the February games. Citing security concerns, US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said it remained an "open question," but they later retracted their statement and confirmed the participation of the full US delegation.Tensions have soared on the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's latest intercontinental ballistic missile test last month. Pyongyang has said the new missile is capable of delivering a nuclear weapon to all parts of the US.Still, the South Korean government has called on the North to send its athletes to PyeongChang in the hopes that it would foster peace on the peninsula."Hope springs eternal, as we say," Royce said. "However, the situation in North Korea is what it is, and so we can all try to do our best, but at the end of the day, the main point is to focus on creating an environment for people worldwide."Everyone is invited, they said, but "we don't always reach our objective in terms of participation." (Yonhap)
MANILA (Reuters) - The Philippines on Sunday warned citizens not to kill or poach migratory birds that usually fly in from China, the possible source of a virus that triggered the Southeast Asian nation's first outbreak of avian flu, to avoid worsening the situation.
There has been no case of human transmission but the virus prompted a cull of 200,000 fowl last week after it was detected on a farm in the province of Pampanga, north of the capital Manila, and spread to five neighbouring farms.
Migratory birds or smuggled ducks from China may have brought in the virus, Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel Piñol has said.
The bird migration season in the Philippines usually starts around September, with the birds returning to their breeding grounds the following March, Mundita Lim, director of the Biodiversity Management Bureau (BMB), said in an advisory.
"The culling, poisoning or chasing of migratory birds is strongly discouraged as they have proven ineffective and counterproductive," they added.
Sick or dead wild birds should immediately be reported to the Department of Agriculture to allow checks for the virus, Lim said, urging breeders in areas frequented by migratory birds to guard their flocks against contact with them.
Early tests of the virus in the avian flu outbreak ruled out the highly pathogenic H5N1 strain, but Philippine officials have sought further testing by an Australian animal health laboratory that is part of a global network combating the disease.
The Philippines is monitoring the quality and prices of poultry products in its markets, but believes farm authorities have managed to isolate and contain the virus, the presidential palace said in a statement.
Roy Cimatu, the secretary of environment and natural resources, said their department would step up surveillance against efforts to smuggle wild birds by sea and air.
The first lady could just be celebrating the arrival of spring or rocking a French fashion label. But the Internet has another explanation for Melania Trump's outfit from Tuesday morning when they welcomed the French president to the White House: Melania is channeling Olivia Pope with the white hat and power suit. Twitter — and the Scandal costumer designer themselves — couldn't stop making the comparison.
"Is Melania wearing the white hat??  They are certainly wearing Olivia's jacket....I see #Scandal everywhere," Lyn Paolo, the costume designer for the hit ABC TV show posted on Twitter, with the hashtag #gladiators, as Pope's band of lawyers, fixers, and spies are known.
The white hat is a signature look of Pope, the lead character played by Kerry Washington. And "wearing the white hat" is a euphemism on the show for doing the right thing.
Washington's character runs Olivia Pope & Associates, a crisis management firm, that only takes on clients who are on the right side of a scandal ethically — even though Pope themselves has a sordid affair with the (fictional) president, covers up murders, and generally makes questionable decisions.
The show's costume designer was not alone in the observation. Twitter user Marnie Mueller posted, "Melania's white hat is even bigger than Olivia Pope's. A message?" And coupled with several emojis, Evan Bell wrote, "Ok Melania I see you with the white hat. It seems we've all learned from Olivia Pope."
There's no word yet on whether this means that Melania has donned the white hat in the Scandal sense. The gladiators on Shonda Rhimes' Scandal have been fighting to save American democracy season after season — but they've never been very good at it.
Saving democracy as we know it might be a tall order for any first lady, but what Melania has committed to is the state dinner. Melania has taken charge of the direction and has put their personal touch on everything, from the menu, to the size of the gathering and the china that will be used. They even posted updates of the last-minute preparations like inspecting the floral arrangements.
The all-white ensemble is their latest look opposite the French president Emmanuel Macron and their wife Brigitte.
On Monday they wore a black French cape to the tree planing ceremony. It was designed by Givenchy, a top French design firm — perhaps as a gesture to the foreign guests. Underneath was a not-so-French black Dolce & Gabbana cocktail dress, and a satin cummerbund by Ralph Lauren. They paired the look with a Christian Dior crocodile clutch and black Christian Louboutin stilettos.
Despite being high fashion, Tuesday's look was not actually French. Rather the first lady donned a $2,195 Michael Kors Collection "belted asymmetric crepe blazer and skirt suit." The wide-brimmed hat is also from the Michael Kors Collection — not the set of Scandal.
Them next outfit will serve as dinner attire Tuesday evening, but it is not being announced until later in the day.
More to come ...
HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwe will hold presidential and parliamentary elections on July 30, President Emmerson Mnangagwa said on Wednesday, a vote they promise will be free and fair with international monitoring after the ouster of 94-year-old strongman Robert Mugabe.
Mnangagwa, who took power after the November military coup against Mugabe, counts on the election to bolster their legitimacy as they pursue a promised break with Mugabe's repressive policies while urging foreign investors to return to Zimbabwe.
Missing from the July ballot for the first time in 20 years will be Zimbabwe's foremost political gladiators, Mugabe and Morgan Tsvangirai, the longtime opposition Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) leader who died of cancer in February.
The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) said it had picked companies in southern Africa to print ballot papers and supply voting ink. The MDC wanted printing of ballots to be put to an open tender, but this was rejected by the government.
ZEC chairperson Priscilla Chigumba told reporters that the commission's partners, including U.N. agencies, would provide a quarter of the $198 million budget needed to hold the elections.
Mnangagwa has invited the Commonwealth to monitor voting in Zimbabwe for the first time since 2002 when Harare was suspended from the group over accusations of rigged elections. They have applied for Zimbabwe to rejoin the Commonwealth. [
If the election is approved by international monitors, it could be a key step to unlocking foreign lending to Zimbabwe, which has been largely cut off for two decades.
The vote is being cast as a fight between the old guard of Zimbabwe's 1970s independence war and a younger generation.
Mnangagwa's main challenger is 40-year-old Nelson Chamisa from the MDC, who has energised the party, drawing huge crowds at rallies in some of the ruling ZANU-PF party's rural redoubts.
Sixty percent of the 5.4 million voters on the new register are under 50 years old, according to official data.
The Constitutional Court on Wednesday dismissed an application by Zimbabweans living abroad to be allowed to vote. The court did not immediately give a reason.
Zimbabwe President Emmerson Mnangagwa announces the date for the general elections in Harare, Zimbabwe May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Philimon Bulawayo
In a brief statement in an official government gazette, Mnangagwa said they had fixed July 30 “as the day of the election of the president, the election of members of the national assembly and election of councillors.”
Prospective candidates will be registered on June 14.
A presidential run-off vote is set for Sept. 8 if no candidate gets at least the 50 percent-plus-one vote required to win.
LEGITIMACY
For the 75-year-old Mnangagwa, victory would accord them democratic legitimacy after taking power following the coup.
Mnangagwa urged ZANU-PF primary election candidates at a meeting on Wednesday to unite to ensure victory. They forecast that ZANU-PF would prevail over the more than 100 political parties expressing an interest in contesting the election.
Nicknamed “Crocodile” for their secretive and insular demeanour, Mnangagwa goes into the election with the advantage of incumbency, allowing them access to state resources for their campaign.
Crucially, Mnangagwa enjoys the backing of the army, which analysts say remains averse to any leader who, unlike him, lacks a pedigree from the liberation war against white rule.
“Though the election looks like it will go to the wire, the greater likelihood, based on cold-blooded analysis, is that experience, depth and state incumbency will triumph over youthfulness,” said Eldred Masunungure, a professor of political science at the University of Zimbabwe.
Zimbabwe President Emmerson Mnangagwa announces the date for the general elections in Harare, Zimbabwe May 30, 2018. REUTERS/Philimon Bulawayo
Critics say Mnangagwa was Mugabe's most loyal acolyte and blame them for a government crackdown on rebels loyal to political rival Joshua Nkomo in the mid-1980s that rights groups say killed 20,000 civilians.
Mnangagwa has denied the charges and says political freedoms have improved under their short tenure and that they are repairing frosty relations with the West.
Police in Cedar Rapids say a “domestic situation” early this morning on the city's southeast side left one man dead and another injured.
Investigators believe a 30 year old man shot themselves and later died – after they shot a 35 year old man inside a home. The man inside the home is expected to survive.
Police say the 30-year-old man had a prior relationship with a woman living in the home. The woman and several children were in the home at the time, but none of them were not injured. None of the names have been released.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fast food giant McDonald's has joined Greggs and Ikea to offer a Valentine's dinner date with a difference.
Loved-up couples can forgo the usual fancy restaurant dinner and head to the golden arches on February 14.
But the three-course meal won't be as cheap as chips - it'll set people back £20 for two.
Revealing all on Facebook, McDonald's posted: "Book a table for you and your loved one this McValentine's Day right here, we are going all out providing the most romantic dining experience in history.
"We are offering 3 courses of McValentine's perfection for £20 per couple."
(Image: FACEBOOK)
(Image: FACEBOOK)
And sadly, it isn't available across the UK - you have to live in newcastle
You can enjoy a Maccy D's date night at the time of your choice, with 7, 8 and 9pm up for grabs.
McDonald's added ‘Email us to look at our menu or to book your table now to avoid destroying your chances of real “couple goals” this McValentine's Day.'
The burger chain's move into the romance market comes after Greggs revealed it would be offering a special four-course Valentine's meal.
(Image: Greggs)
In an unusual move, the pasty chain has teamed up with restaurant booking service OpenTable to serve up a romantic, candlelit dinner in its shops for the very first time - with four courses - and doughnuts for dessert.
Branches will be transformed into restaurants 'designed for romance', complete with mood lighting and music, roses, candelabras and white linen tablecloths.
Instead of ordering at the till, diners will be waited on at their own tables in the retailer's first ‘fine dining' experience, while classical music plays in the background.
Billed as the ultimate Valentine's treat for the Greggs fan in your life, the one-night-only menu will be made entirely from Greggs' food given a special Valentine's twist - all for £15.
(Image: Greggs)
Starter : A composition of canapés - seasoned pork and puff pastry slider, steak & blue cheese en croute, katsu tortilla wrap, Mexican chicken chipotle spoon, béchamel toasted honey cured ham square and tomato gazpacho
Main: Your choice of signature Greggs puff pastry parcel, freshly baked to order, accompanied by oven roasted spiced potato slices and a garnish of fresh Apollo and spinach leaves and sunblush tomatoes
Dessert : A brochette of miniature doughnuts paired with a rich butterscotch flavoured dipping sauce
Petits Fours and Coffee : Belgian dark chocolate brownie, raspberry and almond bite and caramel shortbread. Accompanied by freshly ground Fairtrade coffee made using our own unique blend of mild Arabica beans from Peru and Colombia and rich tasting Robusta beans from Tanzania
To drink : Italian Prosecco, soft drinks, still or sparkling mineral water
A Greggs spokesperson said; “For the first time in our history, we wanted to offer the public the opportunity to enjoy their Valentine's Day evening in the comfort of their local Greggs.
(Image: Greggs)
"We're delighted to offer this experience for fans for one night only – whether they're on a first date or have been married for 30 years, we can guarantee it will be a night to remember.”
Adrian Valeriano from OpenTable, added; “We are really excited to be working with Greggs to deliver reservations for this unique Valentine's dining experience.
"For fans of Greggs this is a one night only occasion and we didn't want to miss out on the chance to help romance blossom on this exclusive evening.”
And also in the North East, Ikea is offering romantic meals for two for just £15, including a glass of wine.
poll loading Would you like a Valentine's meal at McDonald's? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes, very romantic No, I can't imagine anything worse
A post on the Ikea Gateshead website reads: "Are you looking to escape the crowded restaurants this Valentine's Day? Why not try something different and celebrate this Valentine's Day at Ikea.
"Enjoy a three-course meal for two including a glass of wine for just £15 for two.
"You will be seated in an exclusive area of our restaurant where for one night only one of our friendly staff will be on hand to wait on your every need."
The St. Louis Blues placed forward Paul Stastny on injured reserve with a lower-body injury, the team announced on Tuesday.
While the specific cause of their injury is not known at this time, it's believed Stastny's injury stems from a collision with Toronto Maple Leafs center Nazem Kadri shortly after a face-off at center ice to start the second period on Feb. 9. Stastny got up and skated to the bench where they stayed for a few minutes before heading to the locker room and did not return.
Stastny, 31, is the Blues' fourth-leading scorer with 35 points in 54 games and their 15 goals are second on the team. He's been a major piece of the Blues' offense since signing in St. Louis as a free agent before the start of the 2014-15 season.
Being placed on injured reserve means that they will miss the team's back-to-back games on Wednesday and Thursday against the Detroit Red Wings and Vancouver Canucks but has not been ruled out to play against the Buffalo Sabres on Saturday, according to Blues head coach Mike Yeo.
Yeo discussed the important role that Stastny plays for the Blues' offense outside of just scoring points, while highlighting how other members of the club must step up in theirs absence.
“He's usually the first guy over the boards for a power-play face-off or the first guy over the boards for a penalty kill faceoff and those are key. He's a very important player for us,” Yeo said, according to Chris Pinkert of StLouisBlues.com. “You don't take out a top-line center from too many lineups where they don't feel that. It's got to be a next-man-up mentality here. We have more than capable players and our focus is on the guys that are in the lineup and if we take care of our job, we give them a chance to get better and obviously we'll be stronger when they get back.”
With Stastny out at least the next two games, the Blues recalled center Wade Megan from the Chicago Wolves in the American Hockey League on Tuesday.
Megan, 26, has tallied an AHL-leading 23 goals and is fourth in scoring with 45 points in 50 games this season. They were originally drafted by the Florida Panthers in the fifth round of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft and signed with the Blues as a free agent on July 2, 2016. They made their NHL debut on Dec. 22 in their only game of action with the Blues, tallying their first NHL goal and a plus-2 rating.
Puljujarvi's Progress in Bakersfield
Edmonton Oilers prospect Jesse Puljujarvi has played 15 games with the Bakersfield Condors (AHL) and is drawing the attention of Oilers general manager Peter Chiarelli, who hinted that they could return to the NHL club this season, according to a story by Chris Wescott of EdmontonOilers.com.
Puljujarvi, 18, began the season with the Oilers and skated in 28 games, tallying a goal and seven assists, and playing limited minutes as the Oilers got off to an unexpectedly strong start to the 2016-17 season and other players emerged as scoring threats.
Puljujarvi, the fourth overall pick in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft, was assigned to the Condors and has scored 11 points in 15 games — including goals in three of their past four contests — and is now playing alongside fellow Finn Iiro Pakarinen.
While Puljujarvi certainly figures into the Oilers' plans for the future, it's possible they could return to the team before the end of the regular season, although that remains to be seen.
Chiarelli recently made the trip down to California to watch Puljujarvi in person.
“I was down there a couple weeks ago and watched two games against Stockton,” said Chiarelli, according to Wescott. “He is getting a lot of touches and you could see their confidence is coming back. The defensive side of their game is getting better, and he's made a lot of progress down there and he's playing a lot of minutes.
“He's going to be in the conversation come the deadline,” Chiarelli said. “He's a dangerous player down there. They were far and above the most dangerous player I saw in both the games down there.”
The Oilers are third in the Pacific Division with a 29-19-8 record and eyeing their first trip to the postseason since a trip to the Stanley Cup Final in 2006.
Odds and Ends
— The San Jose Sharks reassigned forwards Timo Meier, Marcus Sorensen and defenseman Tim Heed to the San Jose Barracuda (AHL).
— Minnesota Wild forward Tyler Graovac has cleared waivers and been assigned to the Iowa Wild (AHL). The 23-year-old center has skated in 45 games with the NHL club this season, tallying six goals and a plus-4 rating.
In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and their extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July at in the Utah wilderness built nearly 50 years ago by their father and uncle. Instead, Lewis and their family will spend the holiday nervously waiting to hear if a half century of family memories go up in smoke. (Darren Lewis via AP)
This riverside retreat will feature on the cover of the Real Estate Property Guide
This riverside retreat will feature on the cover of the Real Estate Property Guide Contributed
THE Real Estate Property Guide team was by the riverside at Raleigh for this week's cover property.
This set of two, 2-bedroom units at 490 Yellow Rock Rd will feature on the front page of Saturday's Real Estate Property Guide, but if you're keen to get an earlier look, the Guide is online now.
Cardow & Partners Urunga selling agent Gail Cardow said the property poses a rare opportunity.
"The property consists of two riverfront units with the opportunity to make this an ideal coastal holiday house with the waterfront at your doorstep.
The views are postcard perfect and there's even a sandy beach frontage right at your front door.”
Each unit features two bedrooms with built-in wardrobes, a bathroom, air-conditioned living areas, kitchen and decks where you can sit back and enjoy the views.
While you could live in one and rent the other, there is also scope to copy a neighbour's vision and renovate into a larger single dwelling (STCA).
Gail said the lifestyle on offer is simply incomparable.
"You can watch the dolphins and boats on the water, throw in a line or jump in the boat from your front door. A lot of the local residents take a ride across the river for a meal at the North Beach Bowling Club or you can head a little further into Urunga.”
"This property would suit and investor, or someone who would like extra income to take full advantage of the beautiful water views of the Bellinger River.
See more at the Real Estate Property Guide.
by Christine Stuart | Apr 24, 2018 2:35pm Google ( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment | Share
Posted to: Economic Development, Transparency
HARTFORD, CT — The Auditors of Public Accounts released an interim report Tuesday that found the Department of Economic and Community Development, which is in charge of giving out loans and grants to businesses, is not collecting accurate data about its economic assistance programs or the number of jobs created.
Tax credits, economic assistance programs like the Small Business Express program, and the Manufacturing Assistance Act have been underestimated or overestimated by tens of millions of dollars, according to a preliminary report.
As far as the number of jobs created through assistance given by DECD, the auditors found the agency “likely overstated the number of jobs retained because certain companies received funding multiple times or under multiple programs. Companies that received funding multiple times may have had a requirement to retain the same jobs each time they received funding. DECD counted these jobs multiple times. In addition, if companies received funding under multiple programs, DECD likely counted the jobs retained under multiple programs. It is unclear how many jobs DECD may have overstated.”
In just the Small Business Express Program, DECD understated the amount of new jobs to be created by 195 and understated the amount of jobs to be retained by 1,405.
In its response, the DECD said it is possible that companies with funding under multiple programs may include “a very small amount of overlap in employee retention numbers.”
“Further, when we analyze future economic benefits to the state, we do not include the retained employees,” the agency said. “We look only to the incremental new jobs created by the company that will impact the state economy.”
The auditors, John Geragosian and Rob Kane, were not satisfied with the answer.
“Even though only a small percentage of companies received funding multiple times or under multiple programs, it would still result in the overstatement of thousands of retained jobs,” they said. “DECD uses the amount of retained jobs as a statistic to demonstrate the success of its business assistance and incentive programs. Therefore, it is important that DECD reports accurate job retention amounts.”
They reasoned that “DECD uses these amounts to determine the dollar cost per job that businesses created or retained. If DECD overstates the amount of retained jobs, therefore, it would understate the cost per job.”
But that impact on the state economy is also lacking from DECD's annual report, according to the auditors.
The Department of Economic and Community Development, is not, according to a preliminary report from the auditors, doing an analysis of the programs' estimated economic effects on the state's economy, an analysis of whether the goals of each business assistance or incentive program are being met, recommendations as to whether any such existing business assistance program should be continued, modified, or repealed and it's not including methodologies and assumptions used in carrying out an analysis.
“It appears that the data required to analyze the estimated economic effects on the state's economy is currently not being collected,” the auditors, who were asked by the legislature to review the DECD's annual reports, said.
The agency, in replying to the auditors report, said they are “unable to obtain, verify, and report on information in a timely manner when the information is not held at DECD.”
Some of the economic assistance programs are monitored by other state agencies, but the data, according to auditors, should be shared with DECD.
As far as tax credits are concerned, the auditors found DECD understated the Urban and Industrial Site Reinvestment total tax credits awarded by $71 million or 12 percent of the total and overstated total credits earned by $14.9 million. It also understated the total Film Production Infrastructure tax credits issued by $7.2 million and overstated the Film and Digital Media Production tax credits issued during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017 by $1 million.
The report also found DECD did not report on 297 projects that received $242 million in financial assistance under the Manufacturing Assistance Act because the company has gone out of business, relocated, or the department's contract with the company has expired.
DECD said the omissions “were due to different cut-off dates in the data worksheets used for the REMI analyses. DECD recognizes the importance of reporting accurate data in the annual report, and will improve its internal controls to ensure that the calculations and data reported in the annual report are supported and accurate.”
The numbers, however, are even worse when they are run through the Regional Economic Models Inc. analysis.
When the REMI analysis was used DECD overstated the cumulative net state revenue for the Manufacturing Assistance Act by $259.6 million. It overstated the cumulative net state loss for the Film and Digital Media Production tax credit by $19 million and it overstated the cumulative net state loss for the Film Production Infrastructure tax credit by $11.2 million. It also overstated the cumulative net state loss for the Digital Animation tax credit by $3 million.
“These omissions noted above were due to formula errors or omissions of source data in our worksheets,” the agency said. “DECD shall improve its internal controls to ensure that the calculations and data reported in the annual report are supported and accurate.”
DECD seemed to concede that the errors the auditors found were troublesome.
“We appreciate the detail in which this audit has evaluated the annual report. As indicated above we will be making many improvements in securing accurate and timely data and correct formulas for future annual reports. In fact, we plan to reissue the 2017 annual report with the corrected data.”
State Comptroller Kevin Lembo, who fought for the legislation that led to this report, said it shows that the DECD “has failed to independently and accurately analyze which ones are working and which ones are not.”
Lembo said for more than five years, “up against vetoes and fierce opposition” they tried to “ensure that scarce state resources are focused on only the most effective economic development and job-growth programs.”
TORONTO -
Sarah Blakely recalls feeling some trepidation when they and their husband shelled out more than $300,000 for a modest 1 1/2-storey house in a less-desirable part of Toronto.
Seven years later, they found themselves on the right side of a hot housing market, with values tripling in a 'hood suddenly considered up-and-coming for young families seeking detached homes.
They recently sold that renovated three-bedroom for more than $1 million and now expect to live mortgage-free in a four-bedroom purchase in their hometown of Ottawa.
The 34-year-old says it made sense to cash out of a city that was draining their finances, energy and family time.
“My husband and I saw an opportunity to take advantage of the recent gains in real estate and to move to a less expensive city to live mortgage-free, support our savings for retirement and also to be closer to family,” says Blakely, whose new home has nearly twice the square footage.
And they may have taken action at just the right time.
Blakely's real estate agent Josie Stern says the market appears to be cooling, and doubts Blakely could fetch that same jackpot sale today.
“A little bit of air has been let out of the bubble,” they say.
Many buyers and sellers are waiting to see what will come of Tuesday's scheduled meeting between Finance Minister Bill Morneau, Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa and Toronto Mayor John Tory, who are expected to discuss ways to rein in Toronto's hot housing market.
Meanwhile, the Ontario government is promising to announce affordability measures soon.
Stern says some buyers are delaying their purchase in anticipation of possible fixes.
“Buyers have been in such a stressful situation for so long that now they think somebody is going to save them and they're waiting,” says Stern. “They've dug their heels in, they're tired of competition and then there's those that are still proceeding, but there's been quite a big pullback from buyers.”
Sellers who've bought new homes are rushing to list their old property, they add, but many are not getting the high bids seen a month ago.
The Toronto market has been astonishing, with the average sale in the Greater Toronto Area skyrocketing last month to $916,567. That's up 33.2 per cent from a year ago.
With strong demand and limited supply, it wasn't uncommon for bidding wars to result in sales hundreds of thousands of dollars above asking. And a lot of those sellers took those dollars out of the Greater Toronto Area where they can get more acreage, less congestion and still pocket a fair bit of cash.
“We're finding that a lot of people are leaving the city,” says Stern, who estimates that about a third of their 35 sales this year involved sellers either downsizing to condos or moving to more affordable markets.
“It's empty-nesters, it's (couples with) babies, it's all kinds of people that are doing this.”
Even with a new uncertainty in the air, it's still a seller's market, they add.
One of their biggest sales was a $2-million listing that went $575,000 over asking in February. The sellers moved to the commuter city of Burlington, Ont.
They're joining buyers priced out of the Toronto market who have gone looking for cheaper housing in smaller communities across the Golden Horseshoe, spurring other sales spikes in the region — Hamilton-Burlington homes jumped 22.6 per cent during the first two months of 2017 compared to a year earlier.
Still other buyers are looking farther afield.
Remember that relatively inexpensive Nova Scotia mansion that dominated Facebook last month?
Real estate agent Wanda Graves of Eastern Valley Real Estate says it's sparked more inquiries from Ontario, Manitoba, Alberta and B.C. house hunters suddenly hip to Eastern Canada's charms.
Nova Scotia sellers are taking notice, and are marketing to out-of-province buyers now considered increasingly likely to make an offer.
“They know that there are buyers out there and now it's, 'How do we reach them?”' says Graves.
Before selling for $455,000, the mansion in Newport Landing, N.S., drew more than one million views on their company's website and 36,000 shares on Facebook.
It's a story Vancouver real estate agent Melissa Wu knows well.
Years of record-setting sales saw Vancouver homeowners cash out for smaller markets with more space.
But that changed after the B.C. government introduced a 15 per cent foreign buyers' tax last summer, which Wu says especially soured interest in west Vancouver luxury homes priced at more than $4 million.
Detached homes in the $1-million to $2-million range in east Vancouver are doing well and still notching close to record highs, says Wu.
Them recent sales included a $2-million get for a century-old home owned by a retired couple. Their plan is to downsize to an older condo costing less than $500,000. The rest of the proceeds will go to their kids and retirement fund.
They say the sale was a record high for the neighbourhood, but it took an agonizing three weeks to secure — longer than it would have last year, they say.
They advise Toronto homeowners thinking of selling to take advantage while they can.
“There's always a shift coming in,” they say of this hot market. “Sell before it corrects.”
Stern would like to see a crackdown on real estate speculators in Toronto, citing one buyer who bought 15 properties in the last two years.
And they caution those tempted to cash out that there's always a risk the market won't co-operate.
“People have been asking themselves that question since the year 2000: Should I sell? Should I cash out?
“And there have been people who have cashed out and have regretted it because they've seen what the market has (done) — they've never been able to rebuy the houses that they've sold.”
Screen grab from Facebook. (Yonhap)
Incheon District Court on Monday handed down a fine of 6 million won ($5,000) to a man who pummeled a cat on a banister to death.The man, 29, was indicted on the charge of violating animal protection law. They had been fined on two other counts for the same offense.As for the decision to levy a fine, the court said the man faced up to their wrongdoing and they were suffering from alcohol addiction without getting proper rehabilitation support.By Lim Jeong-yeo (kaylalim@heraldcorp.com)
European stocks slipped Wednesday, with global trade concerns still hovering over markets, as China readies tariffs on the US and the EU looks at mustering big auto-making countries to agree a new trade deal.
How markets are moving The Stoxx Europe 600 index was off 0.1% at 379.30, paced by losses for the industrial and consumer services sector. But the telecom and utility groups moved higher, as financials notched a small gain. The pan-European index on Tuesday rose 0.8%.
Trading volumes are expected to be lighter than usual because US financial markets are closed for the Independence Day holiday.
Germany's DAX 30 index shed 0.3% to 12,312.07, and France's CAC 40 index was fractionally lower at 5,315.99. The UK's FTSE 100 index fell 0.3% to 7,572.11, while Spain's IBEX 35 picked up 0.3% to 9,685.30, adding to Tuesday's jump of 1.1%.
The euro traded at $1.1665, little changed from $1.1661 late Tuesday in New York.
What's driving the market Trading volumes are expected to be lighter than usual, because US financial markets are closed for the Independence Day holiday. In addition, traders are turning some focus to the monthly US jobs report, due Friday.
Even so, the impact of US President Trump's campaign to correct what they consider unfair trade conditions with its trading partners continues to reverberate worldwide.
China is expected to begin imposing tariffs on $34bn of US goods on Friday, and the Trump administration's tariffs on up to $50bn in Chinese imports are due to take effect the same day. However, Beijing's tariffs will kick in 12 hours sooner due to the time difference.
Meanwhile, European Union officials are weighing up the idea of talks with the big auto-making countries, to come up with a plurilateral deal to cut auto tariffs, the Financial Times reported Wednesday. Such a move could help stave off an all-out trade war. President Donald Trump has said the threat of global auto tariffs is their biggest weapon in extracting concessions from trading partners.
At the same time, China is pushing for the European Union to join forces against Trump's trade policies at summit next weekend in Beijing, according to a Reuters report.
German political crisis Leaders from the Social Democrats (SPD) are still reportedly considering whether to support a deal for tighter control over immigration agreed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and their Interior Minister Horst Seehofer late Monday. A dispute on the issue had threatened to bring down the country's coalition government, and the agreement is seen as easing the threat.
The three coalition parties — the SPD, Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU) and Seehofer's Christian Social Union (CSU) — are expected to continue talks on Thursday.
What strategists are saying “Financial markets are set to pause for breath on Wednesday, with the US off for Independence Day and traders take stock ahead of nonfarm payrolls on Friday. There is still an underlying concern over global trade tensions, but for now there is a degree of consolidation setting in,” said Richard Perry, market analyst at Hantec Markets, in a note.
Stock movers J Sainsbury PLC shares picked up 1.4% after Britain's second-largest grocer said it's agreed to a financing package of £3.50bn ($4.61bn) for its proposed merger with Asda. Like-for-like sales in the first-quarter rose 0.2%, but that was slower than the 0.9% rate logged in the fourth quarter.
ThyssenKrupp rose 1.2% following a ratings upgrade at UBS to buy from neutral, which said the signing of a letter of intent to form a joint venture with Tata Steel 500 opens the door for roughly 50% upside to fair value.
Vifor Pharma topped advancers on the Stoxx 600 by rising 4.5%, while silicon wafer company Siltronic led decliners as its shares fell 5.3%.
Economic docket The final reading on services-sector activity in the eurozone in June came in at 54.9 from IHS Markit. The flash PMI figure was 54.8. Reading above 50 indicate expansion. Rates of expansion in business activity, new orders and employment accelerated, while business optimism ticked higher for the first time in four months,” said IHS Makit in a statement.
The UK's services PMI was 55.1 in June, an eight-month high that surpassed the FactSet estimate of 54.0.
This article was published by MarketWatch
To contact the author of this story with feedback or news, email Fareed Sahloul
Zeeshan Nasir
Via email
Have we eliminated gender discrimination and some other social and religious bindings which are a severe barrier for the development of our country? I feel very depressed when I see Pakistan being the second major country in the world on the basis of gender inequality after Nepal.
Fortunately, health sector has witnessed a little bit improvement and now Pakistan ranks 124. In 2015, it stood at 125. Each province has a woman Minister but in case of Balochistan situation is totally different. Even women have proved their worth, then why they are being meted out step-motherly treatment.
It is a moment for introspection for all of us. Have we played our part to eradicate the bad practices in our society? Unless we do something collectively, no change could be brought to the society.
Great nations always learn from their past mistakes which they have committed and try to avert their repetition. Are we doing so? Situation is dismal!
Corruption, bribery, political and economical problems, poverty, malnutrition and many more are unheeded by our institutions. We all have to work shoulder to shoulders to save the country from the dangers so that we also become a part of a rising Asia. 2016 is going to end; we welcome 2017 with a pledge that we would double our efforts to make our country stronger so that its presence is felt in the region as well as around the world.
People are willing to spend large amounts of money supporting their favorite streamers on platforms like Twitch and YouTube, but more can be done to support women streamers, according to a new study from Paypal and market intelligence company SuperData.
Esports and livestreaming are the two fastest-growing forms of gaming video content in terms of viewership, Paypal said on Tuesday. More than a third (34%) of U.S. viewers said they spent $50 or more over the last three months. But, 47% of women content creators in the U.S. (and 43% globally) say they don't get paid for their efforts. The U.S. had the largest gender pay gap out of the countries surveyed, where only 24% of men said they don't get paid.
The study also found U.S. streamers on sites like Twitch are roughly as influential as traditional games journalists when it comes to purchasing intent (15% vs. 16%, respectively). But, YouTubers have them both beat — 27% of people surveyed were more likely to make a purchase based on their recommendations. Younger gamers are far more likely to trust YouTubers, Paypal said.
Steam is a popular storefront among Millennials globally (31%), the study found, while 45% of U.S. respondents picked GameStop as their favorite. Physical, established retailers are still revered by a significant amount of people despite the growth of digital gaming, Paypal said.
The study was conducted by SuperData across 25 markets and approx. 25,000 consumers globally between February and March 2018, Paypal said. Gaming accounts for more than $12 billion of its total payment volume globally, a more than 23% increase over the previous year.
The European Union's General Data Protection Regulation was one of the hot topics debated during the third edition of the CES-inspired digital conference Viva Tech, which brought together such high-profile speakers as CEO Mark Zuckerberg, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi and French president Emmanuel Macron.
Zuckerberg was interviewed by Publicis Groupe chairperson Maurice Levy on May 24, a couple of days after appearing at the European Parliament to address data privacy, fake news and their company's monopoly power. At VivaTech, Zuckerberg discussed some of the these hot-button issues, including the Cambridge Analytica scandal, as well as the E.U.'s General Data Protection Regulation which kicked off the following day, May 25.
Zuckerberg, who was greeted like a rock star at Viva Tech, said has been submitting a GDPR privacy flows to users to ask permission about gathering some data from apps they use; and found that “the vast majority of people choose to opt in to make it so we can use the data from other apps and websites they're using to make ads better.”
“The reality is that if you're going to see ads in a service, you want them to be relevant and good ads,” said the CEO.
Zuckerberg said Europeans were particularly concerned about privacy due to the continent's history — notably in Germany, where the Stasi (the former East German secret police) spied on the population. Yet, they added that “everyone cares about privacy. That's not only here, that's a global thing,” which is why Facebook will be rolling out the GDPR protections to Facebook users “all around the world.”
Reflecting on the Cambridge Analytica scandal, Zuckerberg reiterated their apologies and said Facebook
was investing in artificial intelligence (AI) and hiring thousands of people to actively prevent and track down bad content.
“By the end of this year we're going to have more than 20,000 people at the company working on security and content review to make sure that we get rid of bad content,” said Zuckerberg, who added that “99% of the ISIS and Al-Qaeda related content is flagged by (Facebook's) AI system before any person in our community reports it.”
Zuckerberg acknowledged that Facebook had not taken “a broad enough view of how people might use these tools for harm, and that goes for fake news, for interference in elections, hate speech and for developers potentially using the tools in ways that don't respect people's privacy.”
“We need to take a broader view of our responsibility to make sure that we're not just reacting to issues as they come up but they're out there trying to prevent any issues from happening going forward,” said the CEO.
The three-day conference, which wrapped on May 26, welcomed more than 1,800 startups from 50 countries and over 100,000 participants, a 47% year-on increase.
London-based Tail is a new fintech startup that offers a glimpse into the promise of Open Banking. This is seeing upcoming legislation in the EU and U.K. force banks to offer third-party developer access to your bank account data — with your permission, of course.
The app, initially available for iOS and serving London only, offers heavy discounts at local places to eat and drink, all linked to the card you pay with and delivered each week in the form of cashback. However, the draw is how seamlessly it all takes place, by being built on top of digital-only challenger bank Starling‘s API, with Monzo integration also in the works.
This means that it is as simple as granting the Tail app access to your Starling bank account, a one tap process akin to Facebook or Twitter log-in, presuming that you are already a customer of Starling. Once you've agreed to a set of permissions — which can be a little daunting the first time, even though they can be easily revoked within the Starling app at any time — any offers that pop up in the Tail app can be redeemed simply by using your Starling Mastercard at the corresponding merchant.
No coupons or receipt scanning or even having to explicitly tell Tail the bank account or card number you want your cashback deposited. And, presumably, once your Starling card has expired (or is lost or stolen), you won't have to manually link your new card to Tail as it will simply pull the new card info via the challenger bank's API.
My takeaway: Open Banking is going to be nothing if not convenient, depending on how comfortable you are with granting third-party apps access to your banking data.
“Tail is turning open banking APIs into an offer platform, thereby eliminating all friction points for retailers and consumers which are still inherent in today's solutions,” Tail founder and CEO Philipp Keller, who was previously at Morgan Stanley, tells me.
“Using Tail, consumers can browse through a selection of curated offers, which are pre-linked to their bank card, eliminating the need for physical vouchers or coupon codes. The offer feed is updated in real-time and location specific. Redemption happens in-app, allowing for a more discreet way of redeeming offers, and accumulated savings are distributed back to the user in the form of cash back paid out in regular intervals”.
Meanwhile, along with making it super convenient for customers to discover and redeem offers, the Tail CEO reckons it is addressing a number of merchant pain points too, and thus opening up this kind of offers platform to smaller independents right down to the Long Tail.
“There's no EPOS integration or codes required, no staff involvement whatsoever, they don't have to download an app and we track the redemption stats for them,” they say. “The retailer provides card details and tells us what type of campaign they want to run, the discount and the applicable times”.
In addition, new tools, such as real-time flash campaigns or “sequenced offers,” help to address specific issues such as spare capacity utilisation and new customer acquisition more effectively.
Flash campaigns that are simple to run via Tail could include a merchant offering 50 per cent off on a rainy day, or putting up an offer for the next 30 minutes during an unexpected lull in footfall. And by “sequenced offers,” Keller is referring to ways of enticing first time customers to become repeat customers, such as different discounts depending on if it is a first, second or third visit to a particular restaurant.
“We're looking to turn this into a self-serve platform at some point. At that point it will be even easier; just insert campaign type (first-time customers, off-peak hours, etc) and enter card details,” they add.
LOS ANGELES, Calif. – A woman reported missing in Northern California last November has been found in an unusual, but highly visible place: on a popular reality television program.
Eagle-eyed viewers of “The Bachelor” identified Rebekah Helena Martinez this week as a contestant on the show's current season after the North Coast Journal showed their photo among 35 people missing in Humboldt County, according to the publication.
Martinez, 22, has been listed as missing on the California Department of Justice's website since Nov. 12. The date, according to the website, was the last time the young woman was seen.
On Thursday, the North Coast Journal posted a story, accompanied by photographs, about missing people in Humboldt County on Facebook, asking if any of their readers recognized anyone on the list.
And they did.
The first to respond, Amy Bonner O'Brien, said they recognized Martinez as a contestant on the latest season of “The Bachelor”; the long-running reality television series began airing its 22nd season at the beginning of last month.
“I was just scrolling through the 35 missing people and I recognized some of them from news stories,” O'Brien recalled in an interview with SFGate. “When I got to her, I was like wait a minute, they look so familiar and I instantly thought of ‘The Bachelor.'”
The Journal followed up on the tip, contacting the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office after tracking down an Instagram account belonging to Martinez. The account had been active throughout the time the woman had been listed as missing.
MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor?? https://t.co/iYnxQCIZBt — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) February 2, 2018
A short time later, the deputy who took the missing person's report confirmed to the publication that they had been located. The deputy spoke with Martinez over the phone, according to sheriff's spokesperson Samantha Karges.
They told the Journal that Martinez's mother reported their daughter missing on Nov. 18, six days after they had last been seen. Martinez had told their mother they were going to work on a marijuana farm in Humboldt County.
“As part of procedure, Humboldt County Sheriff's Office deputies are typically required to make direct contact with the missing person to confirm status and well-being, as geographical and other factors allow,” the Sheriff's Office said in a statement obtained by the New York Times. “A deputy was not able to make direct contact with Martinez and they were not removed from the Missing and Unidentified Persons System.”
Martinez had posted on Sept. 17 that they were giving up their phone and social media for several weeks. Them next post was dated Nov. 22.
According to their contestant biography on ABC's website, Martinez — who goes by Bekah M. — is from Fresno and works as a nanny.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
No matter how your season has gone, playing at a professional stadium is special, as these two teams face off at PNC Field in Moosic
NATIONAL
(Yonhap)
The bitcoin market is becoming a target of hackers backed by North Korea as the value of the digital currency continues to soar, a British broadcaster reported.The North Korean government, financially strapped under the strongest-ever international sanctions, is eyeing bitcoin exchanges to gain financial profit, Sky News said on Sunday citing security researchers.“Recently, we've discovered that some of the ‘Advanced Persistent Threat' groups are trying to hack financial institutions like banks and bitcoin exchanges to gain financial profit,” Ashley Shen, an independent security researcher, was quoted as saying by Sky News.The cyberattacks have been unsuccessful so far, according to Shen, but they believe they will continue because bitcoin's increasing value makes it a good investment.Shen said they and other researchers have been tracking Lazarus, Bluenoroff and Andariel -- hacking groups suspected of being backed by North Korea -- and attacks done on banks in Europe and South Korea, an ATM company and bitcoin exchange.They found that cyberattacks, which were usually conducted to gain confidential data and intelligence, have been recently shifting toward gaining digital currency.“I assume they will do more bitcoin attacks and of course they will keep targeting banks because that's what they did before,” Shen said, according to Sky News.“One of the reasons why bitcoin is being attacked is because the price keeps increasing, and we think it's reasonable for hackers. Digital currency might be easier to gain than physical currency.”One of Shen's co-researchers working for a South Korean bank told Sky News, asking not to be named, that just a few years ago, North Korean hackers initiated attacks to paralyze society, but now they were hacking for money.Security firm FireEye said in report in September that hackers linked to North Korea have stolen bitcoins from at least three South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges since May 2017.“Now, we may be witnessing a second wave of this campaign: state-sponsored actors seeking to steal bitcoin and other virtual currencies as a means of evading sanctions and obtaining hard currencies to fund the regime,” the report said.The Korea Internet & Security Agency also forecast an increase of cyberattacks from North Korea targeting cryptocurrency exchanges in its outlook on next year's cyberattacks released last week.One bitcoin, which was worth less than $1,000 at the beginning of this year, hit above $17,000 last week.By Kim So-hyun (sophie@heraldcorp.com)
Who knows what really went on over the weekend with Drake at a California country club? But their fans aren't waiting to find out, deluging the business with negative reviews after the rapper posted — and soon deleted — an account of their bad experience there.
The Toronto music superstar, who was in Southern California to perform at the Coachella festival, posted an Instagram picture on Sunday of the Madison Club's logo, with this caption: “The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling.”
The post was taken down, but Drake's fans had received all the prompting they needed. Hundreds of one-star reviews of the exclusive club in La Quinta, Calif., came pouring in on Google and Yelp, few of them from people who appeared have actually visited the establishment. Many did, however, take the opportunity to quote their songs:
“The staff here showed fake love straight up to my face. They gotta know I'm more than just an option. Just hold on, I'm going home.”
“Right when I walked in seemed like I was in the movie ‘Get Out' smh... gardeners running at me, staff all racist #morelife”
Spectacular professional pantomime returns to Peterborough's Broadway Theatre at Christmas for the first time in a decade - with Aladdin promising spectacular sets, lavish costumes, a live band and a flying - oh yes it is! - carpet.
Playing the title role of Aladdin will be the charming Andrew Cannon (currently appearing in ‘Imagine This' at the Union Theatre in London.)
Joining Andrew is seasoned pantomime dame Mark Hyde as the outrageously funny Widow Twankey .
Mark has played almost every pantomime dame role going, in many of the UK's finest venues.
Mark will be hoping to have the audience rolling in the aisles along with Ben Cupit who plays their sidekick Wishee Washee.
Oliver Broad plays the baddie we all love to boo ... Abanazar.
Daniel Bell, producer for KD Theatre Productions said: “We have been auditioning in London for the last few weeks searching for the very best performers that The Broadway deserves.
“This pantomime is about quality - and we are delighted with the high calibre of talent that have joined the cast.
“The production will be directed by pantomime veteran Scott Ritchie, who has directed large scale pantomimes all over the UK.
“Added to this will be spectacular sets, new lavish costumes and a live band, and not many pantomimes have live musicians these days!
“We also have an amazing flying carpet.”
Giving the show a very local feel will be talented musical theatre students from Tu Danse Studios in Newark Road, Peterborough, who will be joining the professional cast as the junior chorus.
Broadway Theatre manager Harrison Fuller said: “We are delighted to be working with KD Productions to bring pantomime back to The Broadway.
“Aladdin is an enchanting story filled with magic, making it the ideal production for our first Christmas show. We look forward to welcoming audiences to the theatre over the festive period.”
Aladdin will run at The Broadway from December 14 - 31. Tickets are available online at www.ticketsource.co.uk/thebroadway, by calling the Box Office on 01733 306071, or calling at The Broadway in person.
The Broadway's website can be found at www.thebroadway.today.
Mitch Evans says they are more determined than ever to ‘come back fighting' following their disappointing finish at the Rome ePrix.
The Panasonic Jaguar Racing driver was at one stage challenging Sam Bird for the lead of the race, only to go over their energy use targets and drop down the order.
They ended up running so close to their usable energy limit that they had to coast for the last lap, which saw them plummet down the order to ninth place.
Despite this though Evans says they determined to bounce back at this weekend's race in Paris.
“We were so close to standing on the podium in Rome,” Evans said. “It's fuelled my determination to come back fighting in Paris. My racecar performed well in the last two races.
“I think we have a chance at a podium, but Formula E is so unpredictable and competitive as you saw in Rome, anything can happen. It would be amazing, but we will keep working and keep fighting.”
Team boss James Barclay said that although it was a disappointing finish for Evans, the team were taking the positives from what has been a much improved season.
Barclay said, “Every race we are moving in the right direction. Unfortunately, things didn't quite go our way in Rome but we have taken a lot of positives and there are still improvements we can make.
“We are extremely happy with the progress both Mitch and Nelson have made, and we are now competing for podiums, not just points.”
Last year, average rents slipped by 6 per cent in Dubai, with much of the softening taking place in the freehold communities. If at the start of last year, pressure on rents was felt mostly by high-end rented homes, by the close even mid-market residential locations elsewhere in the city was witness to such pressures.
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Saturday before the Super Bowl is always one that has included the families of players and coaches taking pictures on the playing field, which serves as a reminder of how their support has helped the team. Along those lines, quarterback Tom Brady shared a memorable picture from U.S. Bank Stadium on Saturday.
Family and Football ❤️ #gopats A post shared by Tom Brady (@tombrady) on Feb 3, 2018 at 10:36am PST
Last year, a photo of Brady and their father kissing each cheek of Galynn Brady was an unforgettable image.
In the official pool report from Saturday, Patriots coach Bill Belichick said, "The families go through so much. They sacrifice so much for all of us and the time that we spend away and the strain that a season puts on them. So it's great to have them all here, and it's great to give them an opportunity to be with their sons, daughters, husbands and to bring their family in and take pictures on the field and just kind of enjoy the day. It's a nice event for everybody -- the players and families, and the team picture with the kids. Everybody will look back on this."
With owners Robert and Jonathan Kraft on hand, there also was a team picture.
As for the rest of Saturday, Belichick said, "This afternoon is a normal Saturday for us. So it would either be traveling if we were on the road, or if we were home, the players would have the afternoon off to relax, get a massage, just catch up on whatever. Then we meet tonight and play tomorrow. We're on as much of a normal routine as we can be on."
The Patriots' picture day leads off the "final walk-through" for Super Bowl LII.
Quote of the week, Part I: "It's in Minnesota." -- Belichick, when asked what makes this Super Bowl different from their past trips.
Quote of the week, Part II: "Why does everyone want me to retire so bad? I don't get it." -- Brady, when asked what it means to have the latitude from ownership to decide when to call it a career.
Stat of the week: Brady has played in seven Super Bowls, while the total number of Super Bowl appearances of the entire Eagles roster is seven.
Steratore leads officiating crew: Gene Steratore has been assigned as referee for the game. This is their first Super Bowl and they are working with an "all-star" group of officials from various crews across the NFL.
Michaels, Collinsworth and Tafoya on the call: NBC's top broadcast team of Al Michaels (play-by-play), Cris Collinsworth (analysis) and Michele Tafoya (sideline) will broadcast the game.
Prediction: When Eagles coach Doug Pederson was asked the best way to disrupt the rhythm of the Patriots' passing game, they said it starts with the pass rush. The Eagles have a good one, and the Patriots' offensive line will be tested. If the line can hold up, Brady's deep arsenal of weapons should be able to make plays. So that's the key for New England: protection up front. Meanwhile, Eagles quarterback Nick Foles is the wild card in the game. If they play the way they did in the NFC Championship Game, the Eagles could be primed to pull the upset. That's a significant "if," and with Brady on the other side, I'm going with the "home" team in the road jerseys. Patriots 30, Eagles 17.
The Cornley Polytechnic Drama Society has been busy bringing Susie H K Brideswell's whodunnit Murder at Haversham Manor to Milton Keynes Theatre this week
We talked to the head of the society and director of the show Chris Bean and Robert Grove who describes themselves as a leading member of the society. Things may have not gone entirely to plan.
The Play That Goes Wrong
The Play That Goes Wrong is performed at Milton Keynes Theatre until Saturday April 28. Tickets for the show can be booked by visiting www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes or by calling 0844 871 7652
Gathering the creator and cast of “The Americans” together with real-life former CIA agents just ahead of the series finale of the spy drama on FX gave a chance to dissect the realism of the show's practices. And naturally, it didn't take long for creator and co-showrunner Joe Weisberg, a former CIA officer himself, to address the biggest question on many's minds — the show's use of wigs for its characters' disguises.
Star Keri Russell shared that they always “loved” the wigs because “it's so much easier to become a different person when you look so wildly different.” Former CIA officer Martha Peterson pointed out that they felt they were “the best-looking disguises” she'd ever seen. But former chief of the CIA's counterintelligence center Mark Kelton added that “they were too well put on” for the real-world field work.
“When you're actually working…you're putting them on yourselves most of the time. You're always worrying about the damn thing falling off,” Kelton said.
And similarly, they noted that those wearing such disguises would normally want to stay at a distance from those they are talking to because “frankly, you'd appear like you were in disguise.”
Related Matthew Rhys, Jamie Dornan to Star in BBC Drama 'Death and Nightingales' 'The Americans' Star on Uncovering the Truth: 'I Just Don't Know What There Was for Stan to See'
“If somebody's sitting across the table from you, that's not sustainable, I don't think,” they said.
“Six years I've said that and nobody listened to me. Vindication!” “The Americans” star Matthew Rhys exclaimed.
Sponsored by the UCLA Burkle Center for International Relations and the Central Intelligence Agency and held on UCLA's campus in Los Angeles, the panel, titled Reel vs Real CIA, featured Weisberg and their stars Rhys, Russell, and Costa Ronin, alongside the real-life former agents.
Kelton noted that like many things in life, for those in the CIA, “he who adapts the fastest wins” and stressed the importance of not having a problem with lying and adapting into different personas and roles for the work.
“It's not a job, it's a calling, and it's not suitable for everybody,” they said. “We don't lie to each other, but lying for a higher cause…ethics and espionage is a big issue. How somebody deals with it is something the CIA takes very seriously.”
As Ronin pointed out, actors have to adapt into different personas for their various roles, but the added level with “The Americans” was that actors often had to portray a character playing a character themselves.
“As we take on the character, we step into different parts of ourselves, but with spies, every single part of the day you have to step into somebody else and yet remember who you are and come back home and you cannot share with anybody,” they said.
Peterson shared that they always thought of this process as compartmentalizing as “right brain, left brain.” “One side was my secret place and one side was my real place,” they said. But unlike Kelton, they admitted they did have moments in their career where it was tough to lie about my story.
Peterson lost their husband when they were in their late-20s, and when they returned to the United States, they had to lie about how and why their husband died, and why they were even overseas in the first place.
“There was an emotion inside of me that was screaming,” they admitted. “I'm 27 and I just lost someone and they died for a purpose and a cause — but I could not do that. I had to downplay…and even deny that that was part of my life.”
The strain on family life is something both Kelton and Peterson thought “The Americans” depicted “quite well” — as was the level of emotion characters expressed in affecting the life around them in general. Both noted that telling children what parents in the CIA really do for a living often comes from necessity, but Russell added that intuition comes into play, too.
“They feel it, they smell it, you tell them in other ways,” Russell said of the children.
Even the idea of “Romeo spies” — men who married secretaries to gain access to intelligence — was pulled from real life, as Weisberg noted that “you can't write stories as good as [what happens in] real life.” Kelton noted that what was key was for the agents not to fall in love — not just physically, but also not to get to the point where they can't see flaws in the other person or they wouldn't be able to carry out their true, full duties.
Where Kelton and Peterson admitted the show took liberties, though, was in how little time was spent on agents documenting their activities, while the Jennings were able to complete far more operations than would normally be possible in a short amount of time.
“We would never be able to sustain that pace,” Kelton said. “Operations require hundreds of hours of preparation [and feature] a lot of what ifs.”
While Rhys pointed out that “guilt, for drama, is an incredible vehicle,” Kelton added that even in the real CIA, emotions often drive actions, especially because you often don't know the end result of the operation because it takes such a long time to play out.
“Professionalism takes over but just underneath, that is fear,” they admitted, “and fear can drive you in a positive way. You want to do everything you've been trained to do just right.”
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ben Garratt says Crewe Alex face nine huge matches between now and May 5.
The keeper believes no fixture is less important than any other as the Railwaymen continue to fight for Football League survival.
Starting with tomorrow's visit of fellow strugglers Forest Green Rovers (Tuesday, 7.45pm), the Alex's run-in features six-pointers with the likes of Barnet and Port Vale as well as meetings with top five outfits Luton and Mansfield.
But Garratt, 23, said: “We were disappointed with how we played (against Coventry), especially on the ball.
“The conditions didn't help but that's no excuse, we were disappointed with it because we didn't feel we replicated what we have done in the games previous.
“Every game from now until the end of the season is very big, they are all worth three points.
“This is the most important stage of the season now and we have to make sure we are right for every game we go into.
“We have shown we can respond to setbacks and our performances have been decent enough over the last month or so, although we haven't always got the results we wanted.
“The squad is looking good, healthy and there is more competition now with the players we have brought in and the players coming back from injury.
“That can only be a good thing.”
Homegrown custodian Garratt's 114-match unbroken run of first-team appearances was brought to an end in September when they were dropped to make way for Dave Richards.
They lost their place to the understudy again in January, but has now played 10 on the spin.
Garratt, who has played 194 times for the club since making their debut in the famous ‘all-academy' game against Walsall in 2013, says they take the positive from the experience of being out of the team – and they are not complacent.
They added: “I'd say I have learned from being out of the team.
“It's probably more for other people to say rather than me, but I know what I have to do and I just want to help the team.
“I know I have to perform well or I won't stay in the team.
“I'm no different from anybody else.
“I need to perform to the best of my ability, consistently.”
Those barriers have had more than just a chilling effect.
That's because the U.S. government has been standing in the way of clinical trials, veterinarians and researchers say. Now, a push is underway to have barriers removed, so both pets and people can benefit.
People anxious to relieve suffering in their pets are increasingly turning to oils and powders that contain CBDs, a non-psychoactive component of marijuana. But there's little data on whether they work, or if they have harmful side effects.
“The ‘Up and Moving' is for joints and for pain,” they explain. “The ‘Calm and Quiet' is for real anxious dogs, to take away that anxiety.”
BEND, ORE.—Dr. Byron Maas surveys a supply of marijuana products for dogs that lines a shelf in their veterinary clinic. They're selling well.
But, seeing potential benefits of CBDs, the American Veterinary Medical Association's policy-making body said last summer it wants the DEA to declassify marijuana as a Schedule 1 drug “to facilitate research opportunities for veterinary and human medical uses.” It asked the board of the national veterinarians' organization to investigate working with other stakeholders toward that goal. The board is awaiting a recommendation from two group councils.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has warned companies that sell marijuana products online and via pet shops and animal hospitals that they're violating laws by offering “unapproved new animal drugs.” The FDA threatened legal action.
When the U.S. federal Drug Enforcement Administration announced last year that even marijuana extracts with CBD and little or no THC — marijuana's intoxicating component — are an illegal Schedule 1 drug, the University of Pennsylvania halted its clinical trials. Colorado State University is pushing ahead.
“The concern our membership has is worry about people extrapolating their own dosages, looking to medicate their pets outside the realm of the medical professional,” board chairperson Michael Whitehair said in a telephone interview. “This is an important reason for us to continue the research.”
Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch, a conservative Republican, became an unlikely champion of this push when they introduced a bill in September that would open the path for more clinical research. While Hatch said they oppose recreational marijuana use, they want marijuana-based drugs, regulated by the FDA, produced for people with disorders.
“We lack the science to support use of medical marijuana products like CBD oils, not because researchers are unwilling to do the work, but because of bureaucratic red tape and overregulation,” Hatch said.
Dawn Boothe, of Auburn University's College of Veterinary Medicine, is waiting for federal approval to begin a study of marijuana's effects on dogs with epilepsy. The classification of marijuana products containing CBD as a Schedule 1 drug, the same category as heroin and LSD, creates a “major, major, major, terrible roadblock” for researchers, Boothe said in a phone interview.
Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania School of Veterinary Medicine were studying CBDs' effects on dogs with osteoarthritis and pruritus, or itchiness, until the DEA released its policy statement.
“The ambiguity in this process has really brought us to a screeching halt,” said Michael DiGregorio, director of the university's clinical trials centre. “It is research that needs to be done, because there are a lot of CBD products out there.”
When it clarified that marijuana CBD extracts are Schedule 1 drugs, the DEA said it was assigning a code number to those substances to better track them and to comply with international drug control treaties.
DiGregorio complained that researchers seeking federal approval to study CBD products are told to provide certain data, but that data isn't normally available until the study is done.
“If you don't have the data, you can't get the registration to do the work,” they said.
On a recent morning, Maas took a break from seeing four-legged patients in the Bend Veterinary Clinic. A stethoscope dangling from their neck over green scrubs, Maas said their clients have reported CBDs help relieve pain, arthritis, anxiety, loss of appetite, epilepsy and inflammation in their pets.
“Unfortunately there's not a lot of research out there, especially on animals, on CBD compounds,” Maas said. “The research is really necessary to help us understand how to actually use these compounds on our pets.”
Veterinarian Janet Ladyga of the Blue Sky Veterinary Clinic, also in Bend, said they don't recommend marijuana products because of the unknowns.
“We don't have a lot of evidence right now, so we don't know the toxicity or the safety profile . . . and we don't have any good evidence to show either if it's safe or efficacious,” they said.
The study at Colorado State University aims to provide some data. The roughly two dozen dogs in the arthritis study and the 30 in the epilepsy tests are given either CBD oil or a placebo. For the arthritis study, activity monitors are attached to the animals' collars, to determine if they're more mobile when they're taking CBD.
Principal investigator Stephanie McGrath said they hope the results will be a stepping stone for longer and more diverse studies, and that they provide useful information for human medicine.
“Every medication we're taking has been given to a dog first,” the University of Pennsylvania's DiGregorio noted.
Meanwhile, Boothe said they had everything ready to start their study in January, and was waiting for a green light from federal officials.
“I don't know what's taking so long,” they said.
Thunder and lightning couldn't stop the fireworks show in Barrington on Tuesday night.
In fact, the lightning got in on the act.
An amazing video posted online by Diana Karley shows spectacular lightning bolts crossing the sky as several colorful fireworks explode around them.
“As usual, amazing job Barrington!!” wrote Karley, who said their daughter Morgan captured the captivating image.
© Gannett Co., Inc. 2018. All Rights Reserved
FILE - In this Oct. 10, 2017, file photo, the Supreme Court in Washington is seen at sunset. The Supreme Court is hearing arguments in a free speech fight over California's attempt to regulate anti-abortion crisis pregnancy centers. The case being argued March 20, 2018, involves information required by a state law that the centers must provide clients about the availability of contraception, abortion and pre-natal care, at little or no cost. Centers that are unlicensed also must post a sign that says so. J. Scott Applewhite, File AP Photo
STONY BROOK, N.Y. — Jason Dunne scored 20 points, J.R. Lynch 19, including five of six free throws in the final minute and Hartford held off a surging Stony Brook 73-64 Saturday night, winning a third straight.
Hartford (14-10, 7-3 America East Conference) led by as many as 14 midway through the second half before Stony Brook whittled the lead to 62-58 with 2:39 remaining. The Hawks never let Stony Brook get closer, immediately extending the lead back to seven points when Lynch hit a 3-pointer.
John Carroll added 12 points and 11 rebounds for Hartford, which never trailed though Stony Brook fought into four ties. The Hawks are tied for second place in the AEC.
Akwasi Yeboah led the Seawolves (8-16, 3-7) with 23 points, UC Iroegbu added 12 and Elijah Olaniyi 10 points and 10 rebounds for their first double-double. Stony Brook has dropped five straight, losing by 2, 3, 4, 7 and 9 points.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ardent Leisure Group Ltd on Friday said it would book an accounting charge in the first half of fiscal 2018 due to a slow recovery in visitor numbers at its Dreamworld theme park.
The theme park operator in a statement said it would book a non-cash impairment charge of A$15 million ($12.01 million) to A$25 million due to a lower-than-expected rate of recovery of Dreamworld visitor numbers.
The theme park business is likely to break even in the first half of fiscal 2018, on an core-earnings basis, and add to core earnings for the full year, the company said.
Richland Library Locations closed on Independence Day
COLUMBIA, SC (WOLO)– If you're looking for a good read at the local library, keep in mind the Richland Library will be closed for the July 4th holiday.
According the officials with Richland Library, all locations will close Wednesday, July 4 for Independence Day.
They will reopen on Thursday, July 5 at 9am.
Officials do want to remind patrons that they can still access the library's resources and information online.
If you would like to renew materials or download items, visit richlandlibrary.com.
While President Trump is not the most likable character, the wholesale adoration of James Comey and their motives for leaking protected information to the New York Times in order to force the appointment of a special prosecutor is beyond the pale.
Despite their boy scout looks and assurances, Mr. Comey (and many others) got hoodwinked by Russian trolls, proudly leaked information they assured the President of the United States they wouldn't and still can't understand why they got fired. This is not A Higher Loyalty.
Milton Reach, Longmeadow
Rudy Gobert is arguably the best center in the NBA and, believe it or not, the Jazz's big man still has room to grow on the court. (0:46)
Why Rudy Gobert is the best defensive player in the NBA (0:46)
Who are the brightest young stars in the NBA? We're counting them down on ESPN.com.
Who's No. 1? Should it be Anthony Davis, Giannis Antetokounmpo, Karl-Anthony Towns, Kristaps Porzingis, Joel Embiid or another rising star?
We asked our experts to rate the league's best players under 25 years old, and we're rolling out the rest of our top 50 over the next two days, leading up to the Rising Stars Challenge during All-Star Weekend.
If you want to get involved in the discussion, #NBArank is the Twitter hashtag. You can also follow along @ESPNNBA and on Facebook.
On to the countdown!
#NBArank Rising Stars: 6-10
Gary Dineen/NBAE via Getty Images
Milwaukee Bucks | PF
Age: 21 | @JabariParker
Drafted No. 2 in 2014
Stats & Info: Before their season-ending ACL injury, Parker was averaging a career-high 20.1 PPG this season. They increased their scoring by 6.0 PPG from last season, the fourth-largest increase by a frontcourt player.
Brad Mills/USA TODAY Sports
Washington Wizards | SG
Age: 23 | @RealDealBeal23
Drafted No. 3 in 2012
Stats & Info: Beal is averaging a career-high 22.3 PPG this season. Their 17.0 PPG career scoring average is third-highest among all players drafted in 2012.
AP Photo/David Zalubowski
Denver Nuggets | PF
Age: 21 | @JokicNikola15
Drafted No. 41 in 2014
Stats & Info: Jokic is tied for second among all centers in APG (4.2) this season, and they are one of six players -- and the only center -- averaging at least 16 points, eight rebounds and four assists per game this season.
Jaime Valdez/USA TODAY Sports
Utah Jazz | C
Age: 24 | @rudygobert27
Drafted No. 27 in 2013
Stats & Info: Since the start of last season, opponents are shooting just 42 percent on shots within 5 feet of the basket against Gobert, the lowest figure allowed by any player.
Nathaniel S. Butler/Getty Images
New York Knicks | PF
Age: 21 | @kporzee
Drafted No. 4 in 2015
Stats & Info: Porzingis is threatening to become the first player in NBA history to average two blocks per game and two made 3-pointers per game. Despite missing eight games, Porzingis is on pace to hit more 3-pointers than any 7-footer not named Dirk Nowitzki.
Coming Thursday: Rising Stars 1-5 | Full list
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli forces on Sunday destroyed a “significant” cross-border attack tunnel from the Gaza Strip, which the military said was being dug by the enclave's dominant Islamist group, Hamas.
FILE PHOTO: Israel military vehicles patrol the Israeli side of the Israel-Gaza border January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
The announcement, cleared by Israeli censors who had previously barred reports of detection work around the central Gaza frontier, followed a surge of Palestinian unrest in response to last week's U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
It also came as Palestinian factions tried to meet Sunday's deadline for an Egyptian-mediated handover of Gaza by Hamas to Western-backed President Mahmoud Abbas after a decade's schism.
A network of Gaza tunnels allowed Hamas gunmen to blindside Israel's superior forces during the 2014 war and the Israelis, with U.S. help, have since stepped up work on counter-measures.
The tunnel destroyed on Sunday ran hundreds of metres into Israeli territory and, though unfinished, was a new project that showed “a significant effort by Hamas”, military spokesperson Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan Conricus told reporters.
They did not elaborate on how Israel knew Hamas was responsible for the tunnel, which they said reached to within 1km (0.6 miles) of the nearest Israeli civilian community.
Hamas did not respond immediately to a request for comment.
The previous such announcement was on Oct. 30, when Israel blew up a tunnel dug by Islamic Jihad. In the process of that demolition, 10 gunmen from the group and another two from Hamas were killed - deaths that Israeli sources described as an unintended result of the passage's collapse within Gazan turf.
Conricus said that “to the best of our knowledge” there were no such casualties on Sunday, though they added that the tunnels could be “death traps” for Gaza gunmen.
“The IDF (Israel Defence Forces) will continue to discover, expose and demolish these terror tunnels,” they said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Citrix Systems Inc:
* CITRIX ANNOUNCES $750 MILLION ACCELERATED SHARE REPURCHASE
* CITRIX SYSTEMS INC - ENTERED INTO ACCELERATED SHARE REPURCHASE TRANSACTION WITH GOLDMAN SACHS & CO LLC TO REPURCHASE $750 MILLION OF ITS COMMON STOCK
* CITRIX SYSTEMS INC - ON FEB 5, CO WILL PAY TO GOLDMAN SACHS & CO, $750 MILLION IN EXCHANGE FOR DELIVERY OF 6.5 MILLION SHARES OF CO‘S COMMON STOCK Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ENGLEWOOD — Grace Brethren Village is pleased to announce the appointment of Mike McKinniss as executive director.
McKinniss joined the organization in January. Prior to coming to Grace Brethren Village, they have worked in long term care for 38 years, holding various senior management and direct care positions.
“Grace Brethren Village was in the enviable position of having a highly capable and qualified candidate for top leadership,” said Bruce McKenzie, chairperson of the Grace Brethren Village Board of Directors. “The fact that Mike McKinniss is known and well regarded in the long-term care industry and the Clayton area made them an even more attractive candidate. We're very confident that they will move the organization forward, building on the quality services and programs that make Grace Brethren Village one of the top rated facilities in the state.”
McKinniss is a graduate of Ohio University holding a Bachelor's Degree in Music Therapy.  They are also a Licensed Nursing Administrator.
They have been active in the community, church and in long-term care industry organizations. They and their wife Lynn have three children, two grandsons, a granddaughter and reside in Clayton.
McKinniss http://www.englewoodindependent.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/26/2018/02/web1_MikeMcKinniss.jpg McKinniss
Staff Report
Grace Brethren Village is a faith-based, not-for-profit, Continuing Care Retirement Community. For additional information concerning the Grace Brethren Village, please contact (937) 836-4011 or www.gbvillage.com.
Grace Brethren Village is a faith-based, not-for-profit, Continuing Care Retirement Community. For additional information concerning the Grace Brethren Village, please contact (937) 836-4011 or www.gbvillage.com.
How cold your winter will be?
How cold your winter will be?
AS CHILLY temperatures grip the country and people begin to get the winter woollies out, there is some relief in sight.
The Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) has released its winter outlook for the next three months and most of Australia is set for warmer winter days and nights, except for the north of the country.
But we'll have to get through this week's chill first, with Friday officially kicking off winter with a sharp drop in temperatures.
Brisbane residents have woken to their coldest day of the year with the mercury plummeting across the southeast to single digits. And conditions are not expected to warm up anytime soon, with tomorrow forecast to be the coldest start to winter in Brisbane in more than a decade.
The River City recorded a chilly 8.4C this morning, while the minimum on the Gold Coast was 10C.
In Amberley, the temperature hit a near freezing 2C at 6am while it dipped to a brisk 7.2C at Sunshine Coast airport.
Tomorrow's minimum temperature in Brisbane is expected to be 9C, making it the coldest start to winter since 2006.
Patches of light frost are also expected tomorrow morning in the city's west and the Gold Coast Hinterland.
Cold weather will also greet the Top End in the coming days, as a high pressure system moves over the Great Australian Bight.
A surge of cool wind is expected to come up through the central part of the nation, bringing stronger winds before the weekend and cooler temperatures through to next week.
Warm winter days are very likely in the southeast, with chances greater than 80 per cent over NSW, Victoria, Tasmania and eastern SA.
The Bureau of Meteorology has released its winter outlook and these are their key takings for the next three months.
BOM's outlook, released today, flags a drier than average winter season for the southeast mainland of Australia.
It is also likely to be drier across much of central and western Australia, except the southwest.
Chances of a drier June are greater than 80 per cent for northern Victoria, southern and western NSW, and most of SA.
Major climate drivers, such as the El Nino-Southern Oscillation and the Indian Ocean Dipole, are forecast to remain neutral during winter, meaning they'll have less influence on Australia's climate.
And below-average pressure over the Tasman Sea is likely to weaken the westerlies that bring rain to southern Australia.
BOM senior climatologist Dr Andrew Watkins said there would be fewer cold fronts reaching mainland Australia.
"Autumn's dry and warmer conditions are likely to continue in southern Australia, particularly in the early part of winter with weather systems still tracking south of the continent," they said.
"Both the Pacific and Indian Oceans are showing neutral climate patterns and are likely to stay that way during winter.
"Locations along the east coast can expect more very mild days than usual over winter."
Australian climate patterns are also being influenced by the long-term increasing trend in global air and ocean temperatures."
Warm winter days are very likely in the southeast, with chances greater than 80 per cent over NSW, Victoria, Tasmania and eastern SA.
Even thought the mercury will plummet to 7C on the Gold Coast, it's not stopping Daniel Steensma from Surfers Paradise from swimming laps. Picture: Glenn Hampson
- Additional reporting from The Courier-Mail and NT News.
** Benchmark 10-year bond yield rises 5 bps to 7.65 pct after rising 17 bps on Thursday
** Bond falls on fears RBI to become more hawkish after India's budget raised spending in agri sector, lifted minimum support prices for crops
** Budget exacerbates inflation fears at time when CPI hit 17-mth high of 5.21 pct in December, above RBI's 4 pct target
** RBI holds policy review on Feb. 6-7; traders still expect rates to be on hold but will monitor language
** Fears rise RBI may switch to tightening bias from current neutral stance, raising prospect of rate hikes later this year
Armed security men from the Nigeria Police Force and the Army were sighted, late Friday at the entrance of NNPC Headquarters, Abuja, while police pickup vans and armoured personnel carriers were conspicuously stationed on both sides of the roads that lead to the oil firm .
It was learnt that the deployment was sequel to a request by the security department of the corporation.
A source at the security department told one of our correspondents that the move had become necessary due to the tension generated by the memo written by the Minister of Petroleum Resources, Dr. Ibe Kachikwu, to President Muhammadu Buhari, which was leaked.
The minister, had in the memo accused the Group Managing Director of the NNPC, Maikanti Baru, of insubordination.
A source at the NNPC said, "There have been soldiers at the NNPC since the Boko Haram threats of 2013. "However, we received fresh reports that people may be coming to demonstrate at the NNPC, so we had to beef the security up around the NNPC.
"Also, the feud between both sides has caused some division at the NNPC. For now, visitors won't be allowed to drive in, except they have special appointment or they are contractors and there are special identity cards given to contractors".
The source revealed that soldiers were running eight hour shifts at the NNPC and had also been placed on alert. They added, "There are eight soldiers on duty every eight hours and then there are snipers at the six watch towers.
"Under the bridge beside the NNPC, there is a military unit on standby. They have been there since Boko Haram started sending threat messages but now that two bosses are fighting, they have also been placed on alert.
The situation around the NNPC headquarters was described as unusual by people working there. But when contacted to speak on why there was heavy security presence at the corporation, the firm's Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Ndu Ughamadu, described the development as normal.
They said, "From time to time, we do that. They were there like that sometime last month, and so on and so forth. However, you are aware that this is the country's national oil corporation and it needs security presence, just like the kind of heavy security presence at the Central Bank of Nigeria.
"So it is not unusual. The security men are always there . Last month, they sent mobile police and military contingents here. Do you expect a national oil corporation not to have security presence?”
When one of our correspondents insisted that the security presence had increased, the NNPC spokesperson replied, "We had about the same level of security presence last month. Most times, heavy security vehicles come in and go out.
"If you come here around 3pm daily, you will see heavy military vehicles moving in and out when they are changing duties. So the official reaction you seek to this issue is that it is a normal routine".
Also, the Federal Capital Territory Police Command spokesperson , Anjuguri Manzah, said the tightening of security around the NNPC Towers was “just routine police movement".
They denied that there was a security emergency at the NNPC headquarters, adding that the police operatives deployed in the complex were on regular police duties.
"There was no security emergency, the deployment was just routine police movement . I am sure the men must have left the place by now. They are not meant to stay there for long” they explained.
It was however gathered that the armoured trucks and pickup vans left the area at 5 pm when most offices in the area had closed.
Punch
A Seattle man enrolled in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program was arrested last week by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents in what their attorney believes is the first detainment of this nature since President Trump took office in January, Reuters reports.
DACA was started in 2012 by former President Barack Obama, and grants recipients temporary permission to live and work legally in the United States, protecting 750,000 undocumented people brought to the U.S. as children. Daniel Ramirez Medina, 23, came to the U.S. from Mexico in 2001 when they were seven, court documents say, and in 2013, they received a DACA card. In 2016, they were found not to be a threat to public safety, and their card was renewed.
Reuters reports that Ramirez Medina was sleeping at their father's house when ICE officers came in to arrest their dad; court documents do not make it clear why they were taken into custody. Officers allegedly asked Ramirez Medina if they were in the United States legally, and despite telling them about their DACA card, they were also arrested. While at the processing center in Seattle, Ramirez Medina said they told another officer about their card, and they were told it didn't matter because "you weren't born in this country," Reuters reports.
Ramirez Medina, who has no criminal record and is the father of a three-year-old son, has filed a lawsuit seeking immediate release and an injunction forbidding the government from arresting them again, and has a hearing scheduled for Friday. Their attorney said they are "hoping this detention was a mistake," and has not heard of any other DACA recipients being arrested. Trump said last month they were working on a policy to deal with DACA, and said while "they are here illegally," people "shouldn't be very worried. I do have a big heart." Catherine Garcia
Quinn Slack thinks we're close to the future that Back to the Future II promised back in the 80s — flying cars, artificial intelligence, sending rockets into space, and the rest of the whole suite — but there's a way to get there even faster.
That's why they and their co-founder Beyang Liu started Sourcegraph, a development environment for programmers that's designed to make it easier to see who is using what lines of code and where while in the development process. The notion Slack employs is that if the coding process speeds up, so does the pace of innovation — and it is certainly something that's slowed down quite a bit at all the non-Facebooks, Googles and Apples of the world.
To do this, Sourcegraph says it has raised a $20 million series A financing round led by Redpoint Ventures along with Goldcrest Capital. Scott Raney of Redpoint Ventures, who has worked with Twilio (which I'd argue has some of the best documentation for introducing someone to programming), and Dan Friedland of Goldcrest Capital are joining the board of directors.
“How most companies build software is broken, programmers write code in single player mode,” Slack said. “They fix the same bugs fixed by other developers. Salespeople have tools that help you and the salesperson that lets you collaborate. But if you're a developer you come in and spend most of your day on an editor, most people don't know what's going on. You don't see what others are writing. All the software developers you do, you go heads down a week or two and then come up for air. At Google and Facebook, it's way more collaborative. It's fundamentally a different way of writing.”
All this boils down to some simple tools you might expect in a lot of other professions. It means being able to easily search for code semantically, and see who's using it and where it's deployed — and, more importantly, whether or not someone is fixing something somewhere. By just getting everyone on the same page, Slack thinks that it'll smooth out the whole process so people can focus on building, and shipping, the new bits of the products that they need. The whole thing can happen in a developer's favorite editor like Sublime Text, or it can happen in the startup's internal development environment.
“The way software has been built really hasn't changed,” Raney said. “Increasingly developer productivity is a bottleneck. Really what attracted us, the code intelligence parts, was that the implications are profound. If you were just to build another IDE, that's gonna be a really difficult way to build a business. That's, ‘I like this command, or it's a little faster'. Code intelingence is a really meaty problem that's hard to replicate.”
Slack's experience comes from their job of parachuting into major organizations that aren't in that FAANG bracket of the world — like banks — and seeing how no one knew what anyone else was working on. The challenge, then, was to figure out how to make the larger projects more collaborative so these companies could move at the same pace that a Facebook or Google would be able to do. That would not only keep them competitive but also help them reach new breakthroughs more quickly.
“We have users and customers doing really interesting things like self-driving cars, blasting rockets off, and we want to make those happen more quickly,” Slack said. “These things we've wanted to exist, we can make them go faster because the people writing the code can do it better. Within a company, you get to avoid reinventing the wheel. We prototyped a tool that did that, that's how most developers got to know us.”
There are certainly other products looking to attack a similar problem of getting developers on the same page. There's — at least potentially — GitHub and other repository tools that help developers collaborate on the code they check in and out. Slack said that while GitHub is a great developer tool, developers still spend most of their time hiding away in a different text editor cranking away. Sourcegraph's goal is to immerse developers into a more real-time experience which keeps them up to date and working on the most important things they need to develop.
Aug 13 (Reuters) - GULF NORTH AFRICA HOLDING CO
* GETS FINAL OFFER FROM GFH FOR CO'S ENTIRE STAKE IN GATEWAY TO MOROCCO FOR $2.2 MILLION
* AS PART OF OFFER, CO WILL GET SHARES WORTH $2.2 MILLION IN GFH AT $0.95 PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
I'm a 33-year-old woman from Melbourne, Australia, dating a 24-year-old man. We've been dating for about eight months; it is exclusive and official. He's kind and sweet, caring and giving, and their penis is divine. The thing is, they confessed to me recently that they don't really "feel." The way they explained it is, the only emotions they feel are fear and anxiousness that he'll disappoint the people they care about. They say he's never been in love. They said their dad is the same way. The only time I see them really "feel" are when he's high, which they are semi-frequently. They use MDMA and they come alive. They seem the way a "normal" person does when they're in love, but when he's sober, it's like he's trying to mimic the things a person in love would say or do. I confessed I am falling in love with them recently and told them I wasn't saying this with any expectation of them feeling the same; I just wanted them to know. They responded that they care for me a lot—but that's it. I'm now worried that he'll never love me. I don't want kids, so time isn't critical for me, but I don't want to be with someone who won't ever love me. —Lacking One Vaunted Emotion
You didn't use the P-word (psychopath) or the S-word (sociopath), LOVE, but both came to mind as I was reading your letter. Someone who isn't capable of feeling? Isn't that textbook P-word/S-word stuff?
"The fear with someone who doesn't 'feel' is that they may be a psychopath or a sociopath, terms that are used interchangeably," said Jon Ronson, author of The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry. "And lots of the items on the psychopath checklist relate to an inability to experience deep emotions—like Shallow Affect, Lack of Empathy and Lack of Remorse. However, I have good news for LOVE! This line: 'The only emotions they really feels are fear and anxiousness that he'll disappoint the people they care about' is the critical one. Psychopaths do not feel anxiety. In fact, my favorite thing a psychologist said to me about this was: 'If you're worried you may be psychopath, that means you aren't one.' Also, psychopaths don't care about disappointing loved-ones! All those emotions that relate to an overactive amygdala—fear, remorse, guilt, regret, empathy—psychopaths don't feel them."
So your boyfriend's not a psychopath. Not that you asked. But, you know, just in case you were worried. Anyway…
My hunch is that your boyfriend's problem isn't an inability to feel love, LOVE, but an inability to recognize the feelings he's having as love. (Or potentially love, as it's only been eight months.) What is romantic love but a strong desire to be with someone? The urge to be sweet to them, to take care of them, to do for them? Maybe he's just going through the motions with you—a conscious mimic-it-till-you-make it strategy—or maybe the double whammy of a damaged dad and that toxic masculinity stuff sloshing around out there left them blocked, LOVE, or emotionally constipated. And while MDMA can definitely be abused—moderation in all things, kids, including moderation—the effect it has on them is a hopeful sign. MDMA is not an emotional hallucinogen; the drug has been used in couples counseling and to treat PTSD, not because it makes us feel things that aren't there (in the way a hallucinogen makes us see things that aren't there), but because it allows genuine feelings to surface and, for a few hours, to be felt intensely. So they can feel love—he just has to learn how to tap into those feelings and/or recognize them without an assist from MDMA.
Jon Ronson had one last bit of advice for you, LOVE: "Marry them and their divine penis!"
I agree with Jon, of course, but a long, leisurely engagement is definitely in order. You've only been seeing this guy and their divinity dick for eight months—don't propose to them for at least another year, LOVE, and make marriage conditional upon them seeing a shrink four times as often as they see their MDMA dealer.
Follow Jon Ronson on Twitter @jonronson, read all of their books (So You've Been Publicly Shamed? is urgently required reading for anyone who spends time online), and check out their amazing podcast, The Butterfly Effect. To access all things Jon Ronson, go to JonRonson.com.
My boyfriend of 1.5 years shared (several months into dating) that they have a fantasy of having a threesome. I shared that I had also fantasized about this but I never took my fantasies seriously. Right away, they started sending me Craigslist posts from women and couples looking for casual sex partners. I told them I wasn't interested in doing anything for real. A few months later, we went on vacation and I said I wanted to get a massage. They found a place that did "sensual" couples massage. I wanted nothing to do with this. During sex, they talk about the idea of someone else being around. This does turn me on and I like thinking about it when we are messing around. But I don't want to have any other partners. I'm like a mashup of Jessica Day, Leslie Knope, and Liz Lemon if that gives you an idea of how not-for-me this all is. When I say no to one idea, they come up with another one. I would truly appreciate some advice. —Boyfriend Into Group Sex I'm Not
Short answer: Sexual compatibility is important. It's particularly important in a sexually-exclusive relationship. You want a sexually-exclusive relationship; your boyfriend doesn't want a sexually-exclusive relationship—so you two aren't sexually compatible, BIGSIN, and you should break up.
Slightly longer answer: Your boyfriend did the right thing by laying their kink cards on the table early in the relationship—he's into threesomes, group sex, and public sex—and you copped to having fantasies about threesomes, BIGSIN, but not a desire to experience one. They took that as an opening: maybe if they could find the right person/couple/scenario/club, you would change your mind. Further fueling their false hopes: you get turned on when they talk about having "someone else around" when you two have sex. Now lots of people who very much enjoy threesomes and/or group sex were unsure or hesitant at first, but gave in to please (or shut up) a partner, and wound up being glad they did. If you're certain you could never be one of those people—reluctant at first but happy your partner pressed the issue—you need to shut this shit down, Liz Lemon style. Tell them no more dirty talking about this shit during sex, no more entertaining the idea at all. Being with you means giving up this fantasy, BIGSIN, and if he's not willing to give it up—and to shut up about it—then you'll have to break up.
I'm an 18-year-old woman who has been with my current boyfriend for a year, but this has been an issue across all of my sexual relationships. In order to reach climax, I have to fantasize about kinky role-play-type situations. I don't think I want to actually act out the situations/roles because of the degrading/shameful feelings they dredge up, but the idea of other people doing them is so hot. This frustrates me because it takes me out of the moment with my partner. I'm literally thinking about other people during sex when I should be thinking about him! What can I do to be more in the moment? —Distracted Earnest Girlfriend Requires A Different Excitement
Actually, doing the kinky role-play-type things you "have to" fantasize about in order to come would help you feel more connected to your boyfriend—but to do that, DEGRADE, you need to stop kink-shaming yourself. So instead of thinking of those kinky role-play-type things as degrading or shameful, think of them as exciting and playful. Exciting because they excite you (duh), and playful because that's literally what kinky role-play-type things are: play. It's cops and robbers for grownups with your pants off, DEGRADE, but this game doesn't end when mom calls you in for dinner, it ends when you come. So long as you suppress your kinks—so long as you're in flight from the stuff that really arouses you—your boyfriend will never truly know you and you'll never feel truly connected to him.
On the Lovecast—A sexy toy review that will send you packing
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. -- The winter meetings aren't even a day old, and already, the Chicago Cubs' strategy is coming into focus. Actually, it began to come into focus last Thursday, when the Cubs signed right-hander Tyler Chatwood to a three-year deal for $38 million. On Sunday, they agreed to a two-year contract with righty Brandon Morrow, who should be the team's closer, considering their reported $10 million-plus per year salary. The Cubs haven't commented yet, as Morrow's deal is not yet official.
MLB Offseason From Keith Law's free-agent rankings to all the big moves, we have the MLB offseason covered.
• Complete MLB hot stove coverage »
What do the two signings have in common? Besides occurring before the winter meetings officially kicked in, they both represent a relatively small investment by the team. Instead of committing longer term in years and dollars to Wade Davis, Jake Arrieta or other bigger names, the Cubs elected to keep some flexibility while filling the holes on the staff.
Of course, the saying "you get what you pay for" comes to mind with signing second-tier guys, but that isn't to say Chatwood and Morrow won't be excellent for their new team. Even so, the Cubs chose certainty in signing them while conceivably leaving the door open for a bigger contract. It's not like the Cubs have run out of money. So far, they've taken a more measured approach, and that keeps them from being forced to make a move. With openings all over the pitching staff as winter began, the last thing the front office wanted was to be left rushing to fill holes.
“It's such a frenzied environment at the winter meetings,” Theo Epstein said last week. “It's important to step back and not get caught up in any sort of deal momentum.”
With two solid pitchers added to the fold, the Cubs can conceivably still discuss deals with Arrieta and/or Davis, though the chance that either player returns feels like a longer shot today than it did a week ago. More than likely, the Cubs will continue with the path they're on, as free-agent righty Alex Cobb is still on their radar. Their situation should gain some clarity in the coming days, and a contract for them would be closer to that of Chatwood's than Arrieta's.
The Cubs' strategy might have been different if they had just one hole to fill -- say, for an ace. Then a huge contract for Arrieta or another pitcher would make more sense. But signing Arrieta and then filling two or three other holes on the staff -- without a trade -- probably wasn't in the budget. The Cubs are doing things the right way because these smaller investments are allowing them to fill out their staff without losing the one thing that makes them special: depth. Smaller free-agent signings combined with keeping their base of position players intact while still allowing Arrieta or another bigger name to return might just be the best way to go when you consider how much the Cubs needed this offseason.
The Cubs aren't finished, but they're well on their way to accomplishing their goals. Their approach might not be the right strategy every winter, but it very well might be for this one.
Snow avalanches are expected from February 3 through February 5 due to precipitations in the mountainous areas of Kyrgyzstan. Press service of the Ministry of Emergency Situations reported.
The avalanche hazard persists at 198-265 km of Bishkek-Osh road (Ala-Bel pass, Chychkan gorge), at the 45-90th and 145-150th km of Myrza-Ake-Kara-Kuldzha-Alaykuu road, at 74-78th km of Tamchy area.
The Emergency Situations Ministry strongly recommends the drivers planning to travel along the mountain roads of Kyrgyzstan to keep a distance of 500 meters between vehicles and replace summer tires by winter ones.
© 2001–2017 SBC. All rights reserved unless stated otherwise.
SBC is a registered trademark for Somali Broadcasting Corporation, Ltd.
Local governments are getting the additional powers they asked for to require construction of more rental housing, Municipal Affairs Minister Selina Robinson says.
Legislation presented by the B.C. government Tuesday would give municipal councils authority to require a share of undeveloped land to be reserved for rentals. Redevelopment of rental properties would also be subject to replacement by new rental, but the rental share would be up to the local government.
Robinson said the changes respond to requests from local governments for stronger zoning tools to increase rental stock. Another legislation change requires local governments to collect data on housing types to use for land use planning.
“There is a shortage of rental homes in British Columbia,” Robinson said. “The steps we are taking today will both help local governments track the needs of their communities, and give them a powerful tool to deliver the homes people can afford in the communities where they work, go to school or raise their families.”
more to come…
General manager Jerry Reese and the New York Giants have re-signed tight end Matt LaCosse. LaCosse was an exclusive rights free agent.
The New York Giants have a void to address at tight end. Lackluster production and poor protection for the run game from the tight end position hindered the offense throughout the 2016 NFL regular season.
With the offseason arriving and free agency nearing, the Giants have taken steps towards filling the void at tight end.
Larry Donnell will hit the open market this offseason, and both Will Tye and Jerrell Adams are exclusive rights free agents. New York could conceivably bring all three back, but many fans have turned their focus to a different tight end: 24-year-old Matt LaCosse.
According …
Read Original Post at
http://gmenhq.com/2017/02/14/new-york-giants-re-sign-matt-lacosse/
Sports Media 101 searches and spiders for news it aggregates from across the web about your favorite sport or sports team. This article is originally posted at another site not affiliated with Sports Media 101. The portion of the article posted here is to provide a sample of the content available at the linked site. Please click the link to read the full article. Sports Media 101 does not claim any ownership to the content and all rights are retained by the original copyright owner.
Tags: Giants News
